Best Western Crossroads Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel for the price! Great day time employee/owner. Nice clean rooms with a great breakfast. If you stay awhile the employees start learning your names and become so friendly! We were very happy with our stay and definitely recommend this hotel!
Rating: 3
Text: Location is descent. Food is nearby, right off the main road running through Merriville. Rooms are small and a little on the low end side. Service is good, very nice front desk. No problems with service. Just have to upgrade and remodel a bit to make it up to date.
Rating: 3
Text: Hotel was a little difficult to find but was conveniently close to the interstate. At check in, the woman at the desk didn’t really know what she was doing but was nice. At check out, the man was very helpful and had great customer service.
Rating: 5
Text: The five start rating is for the hotel staff, mainly the woman named Carmen who works there. She totally saved my butt when I stupidly only booked 3 nights when I needed 4. She was so nice and totally understood my mistake and helped me out of my bind like it was no big deal. She deserves a raise. As for the hotel, it is nice as well. Decent breakfast in the morning, it has a fitness area, outside pool and free wifi. What more do you need? Seriously though, give that woman a raise. Will be staying here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Pool was filthy and liner is old & wrinkled. Found rib bones with tons of ants around it on the pool deck. Pool is supposed to be heated, but was cold to me. Staff came to pool while I was in it and scolded me for not using pool towels outside. I had wrapped some of my room towels around me to go to the pool& was going to use them. Rates have been drastically increased. New management! Manager is only concerned about making money. He is never there. Others are running it in his absence. I had to argue to keep my regular rate. It took 4 phone calls. After my arrival, I asked if there would be a problem next visit with my rate. Basically, I was told only if they were not busy. I have a disability and need to use the whirlpool, jetted, tub. Previous owner graciously gave me a discount. New Manager was called and actually called me from his cell & said he would honor the rate. The man at the hotel argued with me about it for several minutes. Finally, he agreed to the rate for this time only. I have never had such a difficult time. Their King bed room is $20 more than the one by the interstate. There is nothing around them. They only have a small outdoor pool & no hot tub. The one by the interstate has a huge indoor pool with a hot tub by it. May have been my last stay. Really disappointed. I am a regular long time customer.
