Best Western Inn & Suites - Midway Airport
Rating: 5
Text: Such a beautiful ceremony! The banquet hall did an amazing job! Staff was on point all night! Bartender was very efficient! Service was excellent every step of the way!
Rating: 1
Text: Gurdie is rude... management doesnt return calls... room had no toilet paper only a few towels and smelled weird... rooms numbers were written on notebook paper and taped to the door.... ice machine was old and rusty... my room door was open when I got there maintenance needed to finish putting in filters in some of the rooms... coffee maker but no cups... shower pressure low... soap bars very small... needed new towels and bath mats those were very thin and had hairs in them still... shower still had some hair in it
Rating: 2
Text: We stayed here before flying to San Diego for our honeymoon because it was the most cost effective sleep & fly package I could find...next time I will spring for the more expensive option. We had to be given a different room right away because the key card lock was not working. We found roaches in our bathroom in the middle of the night. Breakfast was of very questionable quality. I'm giving two stars because the staff were really friendly and helped as much as they could, but I'd say just opt for something else.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible customer service!! We booked and got a hotel room and put our baggage in it and then when we came back there were OTHER PEOPLE IN OUR ROOM WITH ALL OUR STUFF IN IT!! And they made us change rooms instead of telling them to get out of the room. Now we have a flight to catch and they won’t recompensate us for their horrible services! The manger is also very rude and will not respond to Expedia or Best Western Corporate.
Rating: 4
Text: For the money, I've been very satisfied. The staff is courteous and helpful, and have responded quickly to my needs. I'd rate it higher, but the building is being renovated. The transition has created almost no inconvenience, but it would be dishonest to compare it equally to a building not being renovated. I gave it 4 stars more on principle than dissatisfaction.
