Best Western Northwest Indiana Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Booked months ahead on Expedia for a excellent price. Just off exit 5 on 1-94, but winding road with no street lights to get back to it off main street. Check in was slow as it was that time of early evening. Room was clean, spacious, good working order of electronics, lamps, coffee maker, microwave and fridge.
Bed was comfortable. Staff very helpful in telling how to get to places of interest. Breakfast was extremely good. Hot eggs and meats made everyday with a variety of cereals, waffles, muffins, breads, etc.
Rating: 5
Text: After a 12-hour stay at the nearby casino my boyfriend and I were exhausted and didn't really want to drive back to Chicago. We found a Motel 6 that was our original destination but when I noticed a Best Western next door we immediately changed our minds!  I'm glad we did!  From the moment we entered their lobby I knew we made the right choice!  Their front desk staff has service with a smile! He was really friendly and courteous!  I couldn't expect more with the room -- comfy bed (and pillows) clean carpeting and housekeeping even checked in on us to see if we needed any additional services or items!!! This was by far the best hotel stay I've had this year!  There's no doubt in my mind I'll be back!
Rating: 4
Text: Staff is very helpful and friendly. Clean rooms, towels were a little thread bare. Spacious room. Free breakfast was very good.
Rating: 1
Text: There's only one washer that HALF the time works (if you sit on it). Also the front desk has a woman who is very RUDE to customers. She ALWAYS has to argue or 'correct' you if she thinks you're wrong. And always has an attitude. I'd give no stars if I could. DEFINITELY needs improvement on customer service skills and better maintenance on your laundry services.
Rating: 5
Text: Megan and kyle are exceptional service staff. They did a awesome job of making my stay as comfortable as possible even though i had a few issues with my own company. They stayed patient and worked with me on everything
