BEST WESTERN PLUS Hawthorne Terrace
Rating: 4
Text: Location, location, location! If you're going to a Cubs game and staying in Chicago, this is the place to stay. While it seems a little over-priced for what you are getting, the location makes up for it. It is under a 10 minute walk to Wrigley Field. When we weren't at the Cubs game, we were a 10 minute walk to the water. Spectacular water front and park system. We were also just a 30 minute bus ride into Chicago and the Navy Pier. There are local bike rentals and an excellent bike trail that goes for miles. The room was clean, but nothing exceptional. They have a nice patio out front to eat breakfast or have a morning coffee. The hot breakfast was really good and varied but the area where you get breakfast is small. If you pick a popular time to eat breakfast, you might be disappointed, as the room can only hold 4 people max. Bed was comfortable, the Internet was fast and overall it was a pleasant experience.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a very nice king room with Jacuzzi. Well maintained & clean. Staff was professional and helpful. The free breakfast is great with awesome cinnamon rolls & coffee.
Rating: 4
Text: Our party of nine stayed in two suites. Rooms were both roomy and fairly clean. Breakfast was great. We went to two Cubs games and were able to walk to both games. Neighborhood seemed very safe. Parking was extra but right next to the hotel and was inside/covered. Staff was friendly. Location was the big draw to stay at this hotel.
Rating: 2
Text: The staff was nice but the hallway had holes in the wall, our room had holes in the wall a broken light and no outlet near the beds. And for being in Chicago in the cold fall we wanted a hotel with a nice hot tub. But it was broken every day we were there.
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is very clean and comfortable. Lovely, diverse residential neighborhood. We walked to local restaurants and to Wrigley field. Quick Lyft rides to Navy Pier and all museums. Enjoyed our stay very much. Hotel was also very quiet, never heard noise from anyone.
