Chicago South Loop Hotel
Rating: 3
Text: Pretty good stay. It's a 3 star hotel so there are some cosmetic and function flaws (dresser drawers and closet doors that don't slide open or closed smoothly and a room door on which the deadbolt requires a trick to work) but the staff was friendly and helpful. Bonnie (front desk) and Jesse (maintenance) were sweethearts, easily changing my room when I declined the one with the trick deadbolt. I loved the room they moved me to. Plenty of space. 

The hotel is within walking distance of McCormick Place where the conference I was attending was being held. Even better it had free parking!

My one major complaint is that the cleaning staff isn't terribly thorough or especially good. Nothing was left dirty just less than neat. They left one of my pillows on the floor after my first night there. I didn't realize I'd knocked it off and apparently neither did they. And on another day they didn't replace the towels until evening when I was back in the room and the lady was knocking as she used her key to come in the room. Just really glad I was fully clothed. 

I'd stay here again but it would be dependent on the price and how close it was to where I needed to be.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel, good beds, big bathroom and the tub is huge. Seems like a decent area, but I'm in town for an event, so I haven't gotten out much. Few blocks from an L stop that takes you to the north loop, so pretty convenient! There's a few parking areas, first come first serve. I checked in early, so there were plenty of available spots but it could fill up quickly.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome! Loved the large rooms with refrigerators included. Beautiful large bathrooms. Front desk people very nice!  I liked it better than the Crown Plaza. Some in my group did not like the parking situation which is an open lot.  Lobby nice too.
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel! Loved the remodel. Front desk was awesome and friendly. Perfect location for our visit. Free gated parking in back.
Rating: 4
Text: The people who work here were nice. They were good with turn down service. The drinks at their bar were well priced. My only knock is having to ask for extra face rags. Two people should get more two rags a piece. That and their "private" lot gate wasn't properly functioning when I arrived (they have a gated and more open lot; must have their parking pass to park in either).All good other than.
