Chicago Marriott Downtown Magnificent Mile
Rating: 4
Text: This is a great hotel. It had one of the largest gyms I have seen in a hotel in awhile. Come on, they have battle ropes, in a hotel gym. The service is good and find are pretty big. Everything is clean and well maintained. You can't ask for more in a hotel, and if you did I'm sure they would oblige you.
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly staff and fully renovated hotel. The amenities that include the club lounge to the gym were amazing based on the location and legacy of the hotel. The gym was about the size of one floor of the hotel which was great to see.
Rating: 4
Text: I attended a conference here.  The rooms were clean.  The staff was quiet but friendly.  The food was good.  Water, tea, and coffee were always available.
Rating: 2
Text: Rooms are nicely redecorated, but it's an old building and windows are not well sealed. So even on a high floor street noise is very evident (and there's a lot of it). Also, elevator noise could be clearly heard, even though I was three rooms away. Also, AC unit was noisy and rattled. Not a place for a light sleeper. 

First room I was given had no hot water. It seems incredible that the hotel would not be aware of this, did they think guests wouldn't notice? I called down and they said they would send maintenance up. Didn't happen for a while and I had a meeting, so had to take a cold shower. Then the maintenance guy showed up, confirmed the problem and left. Later when I came back, nothing had been done, so I called back down and finally was given another room. 

Staff were trying their best, I think. Every member of staff that I dealt with was friendly and helpful (except for that maintenance guy).
Rating: 3
Text: No specific problems, but the room was in a state of needing some attention.  The grout around the shower valve was gone so it was flapping off the wall and letting the water run inside.  The fabric of the desk chair was ripped as well.  There were very few accessible outlets and no USB connection.  Not what I expect in 2017.  However, things were clean.
