Chicago Marriott at Medical District/UIC
Rating: 4
Text: $50/night valet mandated parking or $40/trip at the nearest lot...so we were told (didn't confirm) was a bit steep imo. The valet were prompt, cordial, and available 24hrs.

The room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was a nice size and clean as well. We had a corner room which overlooked the parking lot and forced us to keep our blinds closed or give the neighbors an easy view. 

The business room was quaint, but easily accessible and quiet. 

They have a shuttle service and the driver was great. Very personable and altered his route to bring us closer to our location (it was raining). 

Ultimately, I would book this location again, although I would probably skip bringing my car there.
Rating: 1
Text: First and foremost, my biggest piece of advice if you stay at this hotel is to call the local police if there is illegal drug activity and audible violent altercations on your floor.  We called security 3 times to address this exact situation as we tried to get sleep for our sick loved one in the hospital across the street.  Nothing happened, so if you'd like something done and you'd like to sleep, call the local police.

Second, expect a lack of flexibility, empathy, and respect from most of the front desk employees/managers.  If you'd interested in an absence of security for your physical safety but an abundance of security for your Marriotts rewards points, this is the place for you.  

One plus- the bartenders were very kind.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff was friendly and helpful. Rooms were clean. Toilet ran until jiggling the handle, but otherwise everything was in working order. Location was great for our conference at the UIC Forum. Would recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: If you are attending an event at the United Center this is the perfect place to stay. They offer free shuttle service to and from the event. 
The hotel was nice either a large bathroom. The breakfast was very good but a little pricy but that may be typical for the city I'm not sure. I would stay here again if going to the United Center.
Rating: 4
Text: Expensive but very nice. The front desk staff was extremely helpful. The only weird thing was the restaurant. My husband went to get a Starbucks drink but it wasn't really a Starbucks drink. Something on the machine quit working and the drink ended up being half of whatever it was supposed to be but he was still charged the full amount. I will say, tho, they id try to make up for it the next day.
