City Suites Chicago
Rating: 2
Text: We paid $250 for a Saturday night. Not worth it! The hotel was very noisy - sitting right next to the Train and with thin walls we could hear walking above and laughing and shouting into the night from next door. The decor is very plain - robot monkey and train theme. Drab grey. Bathroom door would not close. Worth the $78 for a week night but not worth over $100.
PROS: Two rooms with a couch, historic building, proximity.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice room, plenty of space. Staff seemed friendly. Bedding and towels were clean, as was the room. Beds were nice and comfy, pillows we're in good condition. In room refreshments seemed to be reasonably priced. Rooms had soaps, shampoos, and lotion included. Only downside was the enterance. It just didn't feel very classy - felt like it was underground. I would definitely stay again and recommend to a friend.
Rating: 1
Text: The worst night ever in a hotel! The air conditioners were very noisy. Every train stopping at the Belmont station was loud enough to wake me. And I was awoken in the middle of the night to discover that I had many (40-50 ) bug bites all over my body. The room apparently was infested. But don't worry, a brief visit to Urgent Care doctor and I am on the mend. Though at the moment I just was to rip my skin off.
Rating: 5
Text: Pros: Cozy, comfortable, close to the L, tons of awesome food spots within walking distance, great neighborhood, nice people.
Cons: noisy air conditioners (but actually probably not much of a con as they drown out the street, train and other guest noise)
 laggy TV, so it probably should be a pro.)
Rating: 4
Text: Positives: Location is great -- easy walk to Wrigley, and right by a transit/train stop. The rooms are nicely sized, and the place definitely has a historic feel and some charming retro details. Nice afternoon snack setup and light breakfast offered free daily. Multiple excellent food options in the neighborhood. Negatives: The radiators are very loud, clanking, woke us up a lot. Ended up turning the dial to turn them all the way off, but that wouldn't be an option in the middle of winter. The floors are also very creaky and there seems to be virtually no soundproofing between floors. Our upstairs neighbors for the first two nights paced and paced and paced -- including in the middle of the night and very early in the morning (3-4am), making it difficult to get solid blocks of restful sleep. The final night we were there, a new couple moved in upstairs and while there could be no doubt when they were having sex, at least it was a reasonable time  and they went to sleep afterwards, so we got some sleep finally. Between the rads and the floors, we were pretty tired when we left. However, I did not hear noise from outside the building, nor from the very nearby train. I would probably stay here again, if I could be assured of a top-floor room. 
