Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Tinley Park, IL
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely wonderful place to stay. We went down for our sons navy graduation. The staff is unbelievably kind and accommodating. They changed our room twice for us no extra charge, gave us extra blankets, made sure we were happy with the change, our son left his phone in the room when we're changing rooms and they called me when we were at lunch and told me they charged it up and that it would be at the front desk whenever we got back. Love, love this place and the staff. Oh yeah... the free chocolate chip cookies all day were awesome as well!!!! Thank you so much for the great experience.
Rating: 3
Text: It was nice to stay there. Room was clean and  fresh.  Indoor pool and hot tub was nice?. But no lights in either. The wasn't comfortable for me and my wife. I would have gave it four stars. Breakfast was ok. I expected some kind of meat for breakfast, sausages or bacon, but they did serve bacon and scrambled eggs the day we checked out. Free breakfast 6-9:30am. The area has lots of things to do. Mall, restaurants , stores, gas stations, pretty much everything within a 10 mile radius. We went to Steak and Shake and order Mindy's barbecue which was very good, brought it back to the room,  matter of fact we went to Texas Roadhouse which is on the same property. Its a nice place to stay for couple of days.
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed here while in town for a wedding.  The room was fine.  Staff wasn't the best with passing along information or giving me the gift bag that was left for me by the wedding hosts.  It's also weird and inconvenient that there's only vending/ice on the 1st floor.   Inconvenient at check out b/c "system was down" and they couldn't print my receipt, but I did receive it by email.  Management did contact promptly regarding my feedback.  For the price, I would pay the extra $20 and stay next door at the Hilton :/
Rating: 2
Text: Had my wedding block booked here. Had agreed on one price with contract then when guests called to reserve if 2 people were in a room they were being charged an additional $10 which was not agreed appon. Had to call and give each guests name affected individually to get fixed. Then another guest called and they said there were no rooms available. But when I called on there behalf they suddenly found one. Overall not the best experience for my wedding.
Rating: 1
Text: This place sucks, was rated as a 3 star hotel on price line, lucky if it would rate as a 2 star.  Shame on you Price Line, you have lost a 25 years loyal customer.  Back to this crapy hotel, it seems like the gal at the front was more concerned about feeding her face and playing games one computer.  I'm actually thinking about checking our now and going to a hotel that cares about their customers.  Stay away from this dump.
