Courtyard by Marriott Chicago Downtown/River North
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent location that is close to many bars and restaurants in River North. Valet service was a breeze, check in was easy. Rooms are clean, and quiet. Lots of city noise from outside, but the hotel is literally in the center of the city, so I used the complimentary ear buds and slept very well. Great stay
Rating: 4
Text: I wouldn't go back to Chicago if you paid me, but this was a nice hotel. Very clean and professional. The sauna room was a bit of a mystery though. There was no way to put water on the coals and they appeared to be heated with electricity which is unnerving. Definitely need to fix that.

They had a barbecue available and a great balcony near the pool if you wanted to use it for a birthday or something like that. I liked the pool even though it wasn't heated and i loved the hot tub which was freaking huge.

All the hotels here are a rip off. Might as well go to one with a hot tub. That's what I think anyway. I was able to walk and uber to all the fun stuff.
Rating: 3
Text: Staff was very nice and room was adequate as expected. Lost a star as we found a dirty diaper "under" one of the beds as we were checking out. Obviously didn't smell but if the room was cleaned before we got there plus between our stays, I can't help but question the thoroughness of basic cleaning. Other than that, was a good stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here with two teenage boys while in town for a BULLS game.  The staff was super friendly, the room was clean and comfortable.  We didn't hear any city noise and we slept well. It is only two blocks from michigan ave and the street the hotel is on is full of restaurants and nightlife. I Would recommend!
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I couldn't be more pleased with this Hotel. Great friendly service from the ladies at the check in desk, the house keepers,  the staff at the door, etc. They all made our staying great! 
When they knew that it was our anniversary all the staff around congratulated us and gave us a gift. Also, when we returned from the Rock and Roll Chicago half Marathon, we were received with a big Congratulation.
The room was actually a good size for being Chicago and least but definitely not least... amazing location!
