Crowne Plaza Chicago West Loop
Rating: 4
Text: My number one requirement for a hotel is that it be spotlessly clean which this was. It had some oddities, though. Room decor is on the plain side and a little dated but it actually suited my tastes, calm and relaxing. In  the bathroom where you would expect to find a hair dryer, there is a telephone! No hair dryer at all. No in-room coffee maker or microwave. Lovely plush bath towels but no hand towels or wash cloths! 

(Note: we later discovered the hair dryer on the far end of the shelf in the closet.  If we hadn't noticed it by accident, we would never have thought to look there for it. When I asked the front desk about hand towels and wash cloths, the clerk said sorry they were behind on laundry, but they'd get the towels to us soon. We never did get any.)

Our balcony looks over a roof area with lots of noisy AC units, but if you look out instead of down, the view is nice. The street looked really pretty last night in the rain. 

Parking is a drawback. You either park quite a distance and walk blocks to the hotel or pay a whopping $49 per day for valet. $49!Crazy. 

Overall it's a good place and I would stay here again. 
Rating: 5
Text: Crowned Plaza Chicago
Excellent stay! 
My room was a little warm for my taste.  But it was a great room. Erick checked me in and he is a great representative for your staff.  After a long flight and a rough trip from the airport he made my day with his warm smile.  
The Crowne Plaza will be the go to for my trips to Chicago.  And this is why in an UGH member.
Rating: 4
Text: Honestly the best I've EVER slept in a hotel. Bed and pillow were very comfortable and it was quiet. I thought it would be really loud but you couldn't even hear the other guests in the hallway or rooms next door. Staff and valet were friendly and personable.
Rating: 4
Text: The Crowne is still under construction, which means it's very difficult to get in and out of. The only option is valet parking and it's crazy busy. The staff also seemed a bit overwhelmed with how busy it was Saturday evening/night. Our first room we couldn't get into due to the key entry needing a new battery. And our second room was nice. Bathroom was small yet serviceable. Bed was fantastic and comfortable.
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms could use a little updating, but this hotel is awesome overall. Great location, staff, and price. We have stayed here twice and both times they honored our request for a high floor room. This last time they gave us a top floor room and upgraded us to a suite for no apparent reason. They also let us check our bags when we arrived in the morning so we could go around without carrying our backpacks. Pretty great customer service.
