DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Chicago - North Shore Conference Center
Rating: 4
Text: I'm not a picky person and this hotel was just fine. The location works well for me. There isn't a lot of heavy traffic in the area. Quick access to shopping if all sorts, including a mall. Friendly staff. Room was clean.
Rating: 5
Text: Great service. Beautiful inside. Free WiFi. Close to the mall and friendly, beautiful neighborhood. Close the the lake. Easy to get around. Not far from Chicago. Good rail system. Restaurant had breakfast buffet, good food and great bar area. Lots of liquor and food options to choose from. Chicken Marsala was excellent! Clean rooms. Small bathroom. Great working space. Looked like adequate conference area. Very professional atmosphere. I feel safe and supported by staff and the accommodations.
Rating: 5
Text: Quick check in, waited no more than 10 minutes. Very accommodating staff. Room was a double, what we asked for. Everything in the room worked. Maids could be a smidge more thorough. Over all, pretty good.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice place to stay! Didn't have a king room our first night there so they said to call down to desk the next day and they would get us our king room. We planned to be gone all day so called the desk first thing the next morning and asked of it would be possible to change rooms since we wouldn't be here at check out time. She said no problem we have a king room available right now. Soon there was a knock on our door, front desk had brought us our new room key and even asked if we needed help moving! So really nice people! The downside was the tub didn't drain very well and our first room was too hot and our second room was just about too cold and we like it really really cold when we sleep so not sure what was up with that. You can change the fan speed in your room and not your temp just like others have said. All in all it was a place we looked forward to come back to at the end of the day.
Rating: 4
Text: The location of the Doubketree was ideal for me as I was needing to to get the airport the following morning. The beds were comfortable, however the pillows, as seems to be standard with hotels, become flatter than pancakes within seconds of testing your head on them. The room service was great and super quick - great selections to choose from. The service was also decent - can't go beyond that as other than the chap that checked me in I didn't interact much with the staff.
