Embassy Suites by Hilton Chicago Downtown
Rating: 4
Text: Like most Embassy Suites, view inside is great! Has full all you can eat breakfast in a comfortable atmosphere. The rooms are clean and the staff is friendly. It's near the heart of downtown Chicago so lots to see within walking distance. For other sights, it's only a Uber call away. I recommend this hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: The location is amazing. The room was very spacious, and they gave free ear plugs if you are not adjusted to City noise. Fantastic place.
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed at this hotel for the Labour Day weekend - 3 night stay.  Customer service at the front desk was terrible no matter who we talked to and the worst part was that the water pressure in the toilet was so low that the toilet wouldn't flush.  We had maintenance come out twice to look at it but they never fixed it!  Why pay $200+ a night to stay in a hotel where you can't even use your bathroom.  Additionally, the hotel is literally right next door to a parking garage.  It sounded like dump trucks were coming through all the time and we heard nothing but car sirens at all hours.  When we asked to move rooms, they kept telling us they were full and to ask again tomorrow.  Lastly, the lobby has a beautiful fountain...that smells like mold and dirty water.  I definitely will not be staying at this hotel again and highly recommend staying at the Embassy Suites on magnificent mile instead.
Rating: 4
Text: Our room was nice, clean, and well maintained. Zero view from our room but that was on purpose. If you want a view you are going to be in a room on a busy street with a lot of street noise. Our room was pretty quiet. Two complaints, the shower head was mounted neck high for me. It was on a hose which helped but still didn't like that. The other problem was the TV/satellite signal kept going in and out. This problem was not exclusive to our room. The breakfast bar was nothing special.
Rating: 5
Text: Very great stay. The staff was helpful and upgraded my suite to a city view. Excellent service all around the hotel!
