Emerald Trails Campground
Author: Donna Batdorff
Rating: 4
Time: 1493669002
Text: I only spent one night in this campground but it was fine for my needs.  It has a very peaceful lake and we had a spot overlooking it. Lots of area for walking the dogs. Water spiggots are high enough not to have to get on your knees to hook up. Garbage cans throughout the park, which was convenient.  When I first called I didn't get a warm feeling from the woman on the phone, but when I got there the man was fine.  I did find out that they have a dog weight limit of 15 pounds.  We didn't get to that in our conversation until I was halfway through my reservation.  They made an exception for me because I was just coming overnight, told her I'd arrive about 7, leave about 7 am and take the dog out once to potty in the evening and in the morning. She's a standard poodle and extremely well behaved and I actually have letters of recommendation for her from other places we've stayed just in case I run into issues with people not wanting to allow her. Anyway, they did make an exception, and it all worked out.  It didn't look like there was a lot to do here, but that's the kind of campground I like, quiet with water. 

One thing I will warn about, the state road getting to their property is extremely bumpy, possibly the bumpiest road I've been on, and then their very long driveway is also very bumpy. Make sure everything is especially well secured in your trailer.
Author: undefined
Rating: 1
Time: 1483327802
Text: We stayed there several years ago, but from reading the reviews, not much has changed.  The lady that owns the place is very unpleasant, but you can overlook that due to age.  However, the man that works there, (I think he is her son), is spooky.  Their website list their nature trails, and there are lovely trails through the woods.  He followed my husband and I on a walk one day and told us it was private property and to get off.  There were no signs, nothing that distinguished this trail from any other on the property.  My kids were afraid of him,  and he did seem to be always watching wherever you went or whatever you were doing.  The place itself is quite run down, and honestly,  kind of scary.  The laundry is only open during weird hours during the day so if you are there working you will not be able to wash your clothes.  Oh, and when you drive in their long rough driveway there are signs warning you to say on the road as they have put nails in the grass!!  Our stay was several years ago and we still talk about this place as easily the worst campground ever.
Author: kenneth bunton ii
Rating: 5
Time: 1475787541
Text: This is a great place to stay.  Disregard the other negative reviews.   The host here is wonderful and sweet.   For example... my awning was torn in a storm and she replaced it.   This was after her insurance told her that she was not responsible.   She still felt like she should help out. That type of generosity isn't seen much these days.   I can't wait to stay there again!   Cheers! 
Author: Dave DeRosia
Rating: 1
Time: 1505243183
Text: They only allow dogs up to 15 lbs. Yes 15!
Author: cmilton111
Rating: 4
Time: 1469085766
Text: I enjoyed my time in this small RV Campground. Nice Trails through green forest around the lake (water is overly green or I would give higher rating). Love the geese, sunrises and sunsets in this quite park. 
