Enchanted Shores
Rating: 5
Text: Poppa Don and the crew at Enchanted Shores make you feel like family & special guest all at the same time!  Whether you're entertained by an outdoor movie/football game or riding in the barrel train it's a great atmosphere to kick back and relax.
Rating: 1
Text: Manager can't admit when he makes a mistake and will argue with you! They advertise wifi, showers, laundry and bathrooms. They have NONE of it!!! But they still charge the same as when they did. They say they're repairing things but it's been this way for almost going on 3 years according to the campground staff. The playground is unsafe for children also. It is however good location for I-57, not too close but not too far. 
Rating: 1
Text: Enchanted Shores Campground has no shores to speak of.  What they do have, is plenty of noise from the traffic that runs along both streets bordering the corner campground.  There was no picnic table, the fire ring was in the neighbor's lot, there were very few trees for shade, and the noise from the traffic went on all night.  I would never recommend staying there.
Rating: 1
Text: Stopped by today to see what was there and if I wanted to bring my camper there. I didn't stop at the office because the sign said it was closed. I thought maybe there was some sort of lake or pond there because of the name enchanted shores, but that was false. There's nothing there but a run down trailer park. Then I was run down my the manager( I guess), who was all upset that I didn't stop at the closed office. Very rude and unfriendly. I'll never go back again. The place is a dump anyway.
Rating: 2
Text: The park itself was alright. The management I found rude. I was stopped in my car, a man yelled at me to stop. When the man approached my window he didn't announce who he was not even a simple hello. He just says can I help you. When I told him no and that I'm staying here he proceeded to ask me when I arrived, who I was, and where I was staying in the park in a rude tone. Mind you he still hasn't told me who he is so of course I'm giving vague answers to a man that just randomly stopped me in my vehicle.He made me feel unsafe and uneasy. He finally did reveal he was one of the managers of the park  he didn't tell me his name or anything. Just that he is a manager and said he didn't recognize me and than just left no bye no nothing. I found it extremely rude to stop someone in their vehicle and not even announce who you are and than some.
