Extended Stay America - Merrillville - Us Rte. 30
Rating: 3
Text: The price was reasonable and the bed was comfy enough. There were no ice cube trays in our freezer and they don't have an ice machine, so getting in late didn't allow us time to get trays and fill them and wait for ice to form before having a drink at bed time. The microwave had not been cleaned and had mold growing on it. There was also a centipede in our room. The staff were very friendly and helpful and everything else was clean. More could be done to easily improve the quality of this hotel.
Rating: 3
Text: I second guess the cleanliness of the hotel. We stayed here one night for a wedding. There was scuz on the walls in the bathroom, our microwave was filthy and had a huge hunk of moldy food stuck to the rotating plate. Fridge had food boogers in it too. We didn't use it so it wasn't that big of a deal but still pretty gross. No convenience of ice machine, plates, sliver wear, pots or pans. They had one staff member running the front desk so they couldn't deliver anything to our door so, we had to run down to get anything we needed. When we booked the hotel it said Continental breakfast but it was only coffee and muffins. The staff was friendly. The air conditioner worked. The bed was comfy. Those the only good things i can say. I was very disappointed and don't think I'll be back.
Rating: 5
Text: Management and staff was very friendly and accommodating. Room was clean, bed comfortable, amenities provided, free WiFi, nice channel selection and location perfect. Kudos for the quietness even though they allow pets. Fresh smell throughout hotel!!!
Rating: 4
Text: The room was awesome, good size room with microwave, fridge, stove top and even silverware which was unexpected. We did however have to wait about 15-20 mins for someone to show up at the desk. Not awesome after a 10 hour drive.
Rating: 2
Text: This hotel is located as such that it is not easily spotted from the highway. The staff is friendly, but the service wasn't very impressive. We had a room on the second floor that had a kitchenette which was OK but there wasn't anything in the room for cooking, eating and drinking. You have to ask at the desk. They don't offer amenities so be sure bring your own! They might have a small bottle of shampoo and bar soap (which smelled horrible). Overall, I was not impressed.
