Fairmont Chicago Millennium Park
Rating: 5
Text: Our room was spacious, clean, and comfortable. I would definitely recommend paying the extra $ to get access to the breakfast and snacks in the gold club during your stay. We got our money's worth of snacks, that's for sure. The breakfast was killer. I had bagels with lox every morning of our stay and it was heavenly.  The hotel is centrally located in downtown and within walking distance of the train to get to the airport. I would highly recommend this hotel!
Rating: 3
Text: Bed was a bit hard for my taste, and the pillows are those old-school feather pillows, which provide no support whatsoever. Abroad, most hotels offer internet for free. People who come to the Fairmont will be surprised on how much they have to pay. Place is a bit secluded from major streets. Not really sure what is driving the high premium. $655 for two nights? Good luck, mate.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel is in a tremendous location. It has great views of the city and is extremely well-kept. My experience here was to visit a conference and attend some meetings and a suite that was reserved for us and it was really nicely located and done.
Rating: 5
Text: We are big fans of the Fairmont Seattle, and this was our first introduction to the Fairmont Chicago. We had a great view room overlooking the park. Service was fantastic, as always. This is a great location: just a block to the waterfront parks. Our three year old enjoyed both the hotel and nearby playgrounds. Recommended!
Rating: 4
Text: My lady friend and I spent six nights at this excellent hotel and enjoyed it tremendously. Although the hotel could use some updating, our suite was  clean and lovely, with wonderful views of Lake Michigan and the park, and the hotel's location is outstanding. In particular, the Concierge staff was fabulous, tending to our requests with enthusiastic response. This was my first return to my native city in 30 years, and the Fairmont Chicago made it extremely enjoyable. Thanks!
