Hilton Chicago/Oak Lawn
Rating: 5
Text: In Chicago for a birthday party, the catering staff was wonderful, and the restaurant staff was great also, especially Barb our waitress at breakfast and Sunday brunch. Rooms were clean, so no complaints. I have been to many affairs at the hotel, but it was the first time staying in a room. I plan to come back!
Rating: 3
Text: Got to hotel after check in time and room wasn't ready.... they asked us to choose one that was and I didn't like it at all....  there were huge red and black stains all over the carpet ...15 minutes later I was able to get room I requested.  No fridge in room or microwave so pizza leftovers were wasted. For $200 complimentary soft drinks  and appetizers and breakfast buffet softened the blow some what.  Staff is friendly and hotel is convenient to several attractions. Total time spent in room was less than 9 hours .  I would give it 2.75 stars.

Rating: 4
Text: We had a great stay at your hotel. The staff was extremely helpful, going above and beyond what we expected! Housekeeping was absolutely amazing with keeping privacy an importance to us, they simply put a note under the door asking if we wanted service as it had been a few days since we checked in and the DND sign was up. The front desk staff even put our pizza's in a freezer overnight for us. The shuttle driver gave us some great info to help navigate the city. All of you made this vacation with my daughter very enjoyable, thank you! We will stay again when we come back!
Rating: 5
Text: Me and my wife's first time experience at the Hilton hotel was professional warm and welcoming. They provided us with what we needed. The rooms were great and the bar was magnificent. I will recommend the Hilton hotel to my friends and family!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty good. Rooms are clean and comfortable, the bar and restaurant are ok. Good beer selection. Staff are all friendly and helpful. Be sure to ask for a quiet room, there is a railway line right alongside.
