Holiday Inn Express Chicago - Magnificent Mile
Rating: 5
Text: Great room with Queen Bed, Desk, and a view of John Hancock. No frills hotel in a prime location. Nearest parking for $48/24hrs. Recommend higher floor for a view if interested. A/C worked very well on hot summer day/nights. Fitness room was well equipped. Business center available if needed. 

Other guests were able to leave luggage with the hotel on checkout so they could explore the area for more time before their desired departure from the city. Would recommend to anyone looking to stay near the Magnificent Mile on a budget.
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent location and bargain priced compared to the competition.  Rooms are small but clean and the AC works great.  Only two small elevators which get backed up so a lower floor room will let you use the stairwell.  Surprisingly good free breakfast buffet.
Rating: 3
Text: Loved the customer service, but the hotel, at least my room, needed some work. Had to shoulder check the room door to get in. The wall around the door was cracked. Door handles for the bathroom and the closet were broken. There was hardly any space in the bathroom to do anything but turn around. Aside from the room, the breakfast was delicious. They had yummy cinnamon rolls.
Rating: 4
Text: The other reviews are correct. The rooms are small and it needs a facelift but if all you're looking for is a shower and a bed this is perfect. I will also say that one thing I took for granted was lack of a mini fridge.  That becomes a big deal when you're out at night and you bring back leftovers and then you realize you can't keep them. If you're a single guy looking for a place to crash you can't beat the price. If you're traveling with some other people that have higher standards you might want to look elsewhere.
Rating: 3
Text: When we arrived the staff was helpful unloading our bags and getting us checked in and to our room. But that's where the good things stop. The rooms are itty bitty. So small that two people is too many. The walls are so thin YOU CAN HEAR EVERYTHING!!! The elevator, the neighbors opening their doors, the neighbors moving a paper cup on their desk. It's ridiculous. We asked for a different room and apparently you have to do that before 10am!!! Ya like I knew I'd be sleeping next to a dang elevator when I checked in at 12. Not again.
