Holiday Inn Express & Suites Schererville
Rating: 3
Text: I stay here often and its not a bad hotel.  The people at the front desk are courteous.  I do wish they would change the items on the breakfast menu occasionally. Often there are long black hairs in the bathroom.  I guess its from the housekeeping personnel.  Other than that, decent place to stay.
Rating: 4
Text: I have stayed here a couple times. It can be a bit pricey at times. They have a decent breakfast, better than I've had at many other hotels. The room is ok in size, did notice some slight wear and tear in the bathroom that was repaired. They have a small gym but something is better than nothing, a pool, and business center. Overall, my stay wasn't half bad either times I've stayed. The staff was friendly when I talked with them.
Rating: 1
Text: I had the worst experience at this hotel!!!!!! I was there for a wedding for my niece and I'm disabled and requested a handicapped room,we checked in which they never told my sister and my niece who booked over at least 20 rooms that we would be charged $25 extra each night for a deposit if we rented a movie, if not when we checked out that money would be added back on your card!?!? Then I go into my room and I'm 5ft and the bed was up to the top of my ribs, I had no way of getting up in my bed, I tried and when I did I fell hitting the night stand, the bed from, my oxygen tank, finally meeting my destination "THE GROUND" screaming in pain looking like a star fish on the ground, they showed little to no compassion, everything in that room was lowered for handicapped and wheel chair accessible, accept the bed that night I fell I slept in the chair with an Ottoman, til the next day when maintenance fame in and lowered the bed, so I guess if your handicapped or disabled ask them to lower your bed before you get there.......this happened on September 30th in still healing from that fall??
Rating: 1
Text: The rude lady "penny" hung up on me. Friday 13th 2017. When I did get them on the phone they were rude. They implied that they can't help me with out a credit card. After I read my information they told me I could cancel until 6pm. When my plans changed I called them an hour later to cancel. They charged me 160$ for a room I did not stay in. I did not check in. I cancelled 3 hours before check in. They stole 160$ without explaining their exploitation policy at the time of sale. These thief's are running there own shady policies against corporate. I know they sold that same room.  They will not make it long enough in this world without learning the very basics in normal phone conversation and honesty. I would have paid twice as much if they explained their reservation policies. These kind of tricks will not keep this location open long.
Rating: 5
Text: I really enjoyed this property. It wad very clean and the staff was helpful. They had the new coffee makers in the rooms free coffee in the lobby.
