Holiday Inn Chicago Mart Plaza River North
Rating: 5
Text: We recently stayed at this hotel for a night with my husband and two kids ages 10 & 16.  The service was outstanding! From the amazing bellman to the friendly front desk staff.
Jay was able to make our check in process quick and easy with a bit of humor and a big smiling face.... exactly what we all needed after a long drive into the busy hectic city of Chicago!
The room was clean and comfortable.

Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone looking to stay and relax while being close and convenient to shopping & restaurants in the heart of Chicago!!
Rating: 5
Text: All staff members we interacted with were friendly, professional, and helpful. The hotel itself is in a great location - close to river walkway, restaurants, and House of Blues (reason for overnight stay). Room was very clean and bed comfortable. Would absolutely recommend this Holiday Inn and consider returning in the future.
Rating: 4
Text: Great staff. Got 19 floor corner suites. Beautiful view until the next building grow next to it.currently, can see all view.
Great place to stay. Close to many restaurants.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful hotel in the heart of the city, surrounded by the Chicago river. Always have a rough time finding in with google maps but once we are there we don't take our car out again. Only $40 for 24 hour parking. 6 blocks to the train or cabs waiting right the the doorstep. Nice bar area & restaurant in the hotel. Have not tried the indoor pool but looks great with a dome over the top. Rooms are clean and beds are super comfy. Cannot beat the views! Have stayed here 2x in past month and plan to again in August.
Rating: 5
Text: We we're at this hotel for a tech conference. Though it is a bit odd with the lobby being on the 15th floor, the staff made it easy to understand. From the bellmen on the street to the reception staff everyone was kind and helpful. The views from my room we're spectacular, and the room itself comfortable. Great experience
