Homewood Suites by Hilton Chicago-Downtown
Rating: 5
Text: Let me preface this with I am picky and difficult to please. Excellent stay (3rd time for us). Customer service friendly and attentive. Very accommodating.  Huge, updated rooms with a full kitchen and fridge/freezer (this nursing/pumping mama was grateful!). Great location, walking distance to many wonderful restaurants JOE'S (!) And attractions.  Always a smooth stay when we are there.
Rating: 4
Text: Room is good for 2 plus a child or two. Three adults is a no go. That hide-a-bed is insanely uncomfortable. Had to put mattress on floor. Great location. Use a parking app, half price around the corner. Provide dinner and breakfast, both were well stocked and better then the average hotel breakfast.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was centrally located and provided easy access to some nice restaurants and good shopping. The breakfast buffet was also pretty decent. However, we did have some negative issues. After being told at check-in that our luggage would be brought right up, we sat in our rooms for about 30 minutes and had to go back down to get our bags ourselves. We also had issues getting our room cleaned on the second day. We called for service at about 4:30 pm and were told someone would be right up. We called again at about 5:40 when no one had shown up yet. Finally, after no response by 6:15, I went down in person. They finally sent someone up. For what we spent on our stay, I would have expected better service. I give it 3-stars for the great location, but we will not be staying here again, unfortunately.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a beautiful modern suit with a small kitchen and living room and a beautiful bedroom and bathroom. I loved that the windows open, the view this time was not the greatest. The only thing missing from that suit is a large jetted tub and a grand shower, the space is there. Overall it was very nice.
Rating: 5
Text: Great location with everything within a 15 minute walk. The rooms are clean and well organized. Everything looks brand new and flawless. There is complimentary hot breakfast and dinner and an in door pool and gym! I was so impressed with the hotel and it has to rank in the top 5 hotels I've ever stayed in.
