Hotel Indigo Chicago Downtown Gold Coast
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent hotel in a great Gold Coast location! Not lavish but not overpriced, either. Staff is nice, great little bar in lobby, and the restaurant for breakfast is good. Rooms are quirky, colorful and quiet -- not the same-old same-old. Only down side was the bathroom. Teeny tiny -- no place to put your stuff and weird shower set-up. Otherwise, thumbs up!
Rating: 5
Text: Hotel Indigo is my favorite place to stay downtown. Aside from the great location to many Chicago attractions, it is also many comforts and amenities that make a several day trip away from home very comfortable. The rooms are very clean, comfortable, and decorated in a way that sets it apart from many other hotels. The hotel staff is very courteous and helpful each time we stay. My only complaint would be that the parking at the hotel is quite expensive and it takes the valet drivers a long time to get your car to you. We definitely add 15 min to our planned schedule every time we choose to park here. The hotel itself is always exceptional.
Rating: 5
Text: I've stayed at this hotel twice within 12 months, and I would go back there any time! The staff at the front desk are very courteous, the rooms are very "colorful" and clean. I've got only good memories with this hotel. If you're an early bird, Lake Michigan is only a couple of blocks away to take a walk for a beautiful sunrise, but also North Michigan Avenue is in perfect walking distance. If you don't have breakfast included, go out, take a left and on your left side (same building / block) there's a place called "3rd Coast Cafe" an awesome place for breakfast!
Rating: 5
Text: It's a great hotel. I stayed for a medical school interview in the area. It's not super fancy but has everything you would need during your trip. The staff was accommodating, kind, and helpful. The room I stayed in was clean and spacious and everyone was really professional. There's a bar, spa, and restaurant. I didn't really take part as I was not in town for long but would definitely come back to this hotel if I'm in Chicago again.
Rating: 2
Text: We booked this through an Airline to receive eventual points for our stay. 8 months later we never were given our advertised points by the hotel. The room was small but, very clean. There was a long, slow, and tedious check in process which resulted in many people standing for hours. I had asked about an early check in prior to booking and was told no problem however; I still had to wait when I arrived and was not allowed to check in early. I ordered a brownie sundae from the kitchen which took forever. In fact it was 40 minutes even though the restaurant was empty and there were only two patrons eating at the counter. By the time I got it the ice cream was melted. The location was great but, I'd look harder for something else next time.
