Hotel Felix
Rating: 5
Text: Great stay. I requested a fridge kind of last minute, they had it for me. The room is very very clean, and I absolutely love the rain shower and the scent of the soap products they provide. Friendly concierge. Comfy bed. Very quiet. Room is very small but perfectly fine that way as far as I'm concerned. Located close to whole foods, a great little raw vegan restaurant and a liquor store. Everything I would need in walking distance and public transportation was incredibly easy and reliable for someone like me who hadn't used it in a large city before. All in all, if/when I come back to Chicago I will definitely stay at Hotel Felix again :)
Rating: 5
Text: Such a cute hotel! The location is central and the staff are extremely nice! I was running late to check out because I was stuck on the other side of town so I called explaining everything and they completely understood and didn't charge me any extra fees. The rooms are modern and cozy. Very relaxing place to stay at Chicago!
Rating: 3
Text: It's a pretty boutique hotel, I didn't like the hallway had a funny smell but the room was clean, we got early check-in without paying extra charge, free cup of coffee in the morning. No problem with noise from other rooms. Big TV which is great if you're traveling with a toddler, bed was comfortable and big enough for the three of us (hubby, daughter and me). Valet parking was quick and a very reasonable price considering you don't worry about looking for a parking spot in Chicago and you can get in and out as many times as you like. Since the hotel is near to a lot of stuff, you only need the car for very specific things.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice location close to a whole foods. That has a parking garage on top of it if you don't want to pay 60 dollars for hotel parking. That parking is self and for 24 hours it is 46 USD. Rooms are a bit small but comfortable. Good location to core power yoga and running if that is your thing.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was nice, came with free parking for staying there. The staff was very accommodating. The shower was amazing. However, the sink drain was broken, the toilet had difficulty flushing. We booked for 2 Queens, but the beds were clearly Full. The room wasn’t soundproof so we could hear any yelling and cars outside, so sleeping was difficult. The curtains also didn’t close all the way in our room so we had light we didn’t want. For the price, things like this should not have been an issue. I understand that the location of the hotel isn’t anyone’s fault and noise is noise, but then at that point is shouldn’t be so much for not having the basics we expected.
