Hyatt Regency Chicago
Rating: 5
Text: It was an absolutely amazing weekend. The hotel is beautiful and the staff are simply amazing. The concierge upgraded our room from 2 full to 1 king. Probably to benefit the many guests that were coming in for the game, but I was upgraded for free all the same. The bell service and valet were also amazing. The hotel restaurants were all pretty expensive and had a dress code, so we did not go to them. Although, they do have a place called the Market. It is more like a store than anything. You can purchase bagels and sandwiches as well as bottled beverages and much more. They also serve hot drinks like coffee and chia latte. As well as cold blended beverages for the iced coffee lovers. I will be staying here at any and all future Chicago visits. Well done Hyatt Regency Chicago staff!!!
Rating: 2
Text: Rooms were clean and location was great but one employee ruined the fun vacation atmosphere that we were looking to keep going. 
When we were going to leave we had our bags held in a luggage area until we were ready to head to the airport. I only had my Card on me and after using cabs and tipping door men, I had no cash left. The bag man gave us a very rude and degrading tone when we got our bags and I apologized for not having cash. He still continued to be upset and was not courteous at all. My girlfriend became upset and the more I thought about it I was upset too. I'm sure he gets paid hourly and gets tipped a majority of the time. Tipping isn't mandatory and all he did was take our ticket and we spotted our luggage. Just because he's unhappy and a bag man doesn't mean he literally had to be a D-BAG!!! 11/05/17. The time was 3:30pm.
Rating: 4
Text: When I first purchased this hotel I was unsure about how it would be. It had 4/5 star rating but had never been to Chicago before. When I arrived I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel. Not only was it gorgeous but it was huge and had different places to get food and there was a convention center under the building where a meeting was happening. The staff was super helpful and even upgraded us which was incredibly appreciated and kind of them. It made me extra happy to stay here. Our room was beautiful and had a view of the river but was also high enough that it was quiet and felt private. The only down side that I could find is that the restaurants are very expensive and looked like they were amazing so I left each time to get food. Other than that, a great stay and hoping to stay there in the future.
Rating: 4
Text: I wasn't staying there as an overnight guest, rather I was there for a three-day conference. The hotel is absolutely huge. The first floor seems to have lots of restaurants and bars in a big open space. There are multiple Towers to this hotel expanding across streets. Our conference was down on the third floor below ground level. Conference facilities seem to adequate but nothing to write home about. The catering they had for the conference was decent. I would consider staying there as a guest, I'm sure the rooms are nice. Prime location right of the river off of Wacker Drive.
Rating: 5
Text: Here the Becker Health IT Summit.

Hotel staff was amazing when I checked in. He was patient, accommodating, and welcomed me. 

Alvin in security was engaging and helpful when I asked him for directions. He engaged me in conversation and even asked how Houston was doing, extending his thoughts and prayers. 

This will be my go to tho it's expensive. However, worth every cent of comfort value
