Inn of Chicago
Rating: 3
Text: It's a 3 star hotel so expect 3 star quality or lack there of.  Location is great though!   One staff member was really nice and upgraded us to at top floor suite which we were so grateful for.  But carpets are pretty dingy with spots all over.  That was the extent to our good customer service.  Everyone else was just okay.
Rating: 3
Text: This isn't a five star hotel however the location is great. I would say this is actually the perfect location because everything is walking distance from the hotel. The staff members were not excellent just alright. The cleaning service was great. The room was alright but not great. The bathroom does need some work. Overall because the location was perfect I would not say this hotel was horrible because it wasn't as bad as other people said. But I probably wouldn't book this hotel again unless there was a promotion going on and the prices were better.
Rating: 5
Text: As I read the reviews I was utterly perplexed.  I found the Inn of Chicago a fantastic little "find" in the heart of everything.  

The lobby was warm and welcoming, the staff was cordial and friendly, the room was spotless and nicely decorated, the bed and linens were clean and crisp, the location PERFECT.

Besides the tattered carpet in the hallways, this place well above what I expected and a steal for the price.  

The SkyView Terrace was an unexpected surprise.  

I don't know if others have either unreal expectations, inexperience in travel, or just like to complain; I just don't see it.  

Hopefully I'll get the same rate the next time I stay, and I WILL DEFINITELY STAY AGAIN!

Thanks for a great couple nights.  

Dad and Dog
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed 3 nights.  The price was decent, $122. Rooms were nice and clean. Bed was comfy. Service was good.
  No soda machines that I saw. Ice on every floor.  
  Elevators are small and slow.
The location is great. Goto spot hero app for parking. The hotel charges $55, I paid $22 for a garage a block away.
   Overall, a nice place to stay at a decent price.
Rating: 5
Text: This place was super comfy.  I slept so well.  It was cozy and a bit small but really really clean and the staff was super nice.  If want to enjoy a hotel trip others may have more offer BUT if you are trying to enjoy the city this is an AMAZING spot.
