InterContinental Chicago Magnificent Mile
Rating: 5
Text: Great location, the service is great and very friendly, but the rooms are not as I expected. They are run down, looks dirty in some cases. I expected a impecable room for the price and location.
Update(a day later) 
Today I walked into my room and found a beautiful note apologizing for the room and letting me know that there is another room ready for me If I wish to change.
This is an excellent service that could be consider the wow factor. Great service and recognition is hard to find.
Thank you for response and taking the time to consider my post as a suggestion for improving the experience of staying at a nice hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: When we first arrived at the Intercontinental, we were warmly greeted by Will, the bellhop.  He greeted us with a smile and his warm and friendly demeanor.  He not only started our stay off right, but anytime I ran into him, he would take the time to have a conversation with me.  

We checked in and were greeted by the nicest people at the front desk.  Unfortunately our room was not ready, so we went to the bar while waiting for friends to arrive.  I went back a while later and spoke with Billy B., who was the such a  pleasure to speak with.  He inquired about our room and got us checked in faster than what I thought it would be.

Next up was Keenan who brought our bags up to the spacious, clean room.  Keenan is the coolest!  Anytime I ran into Keenan during our stay, he greeted me with a huge smile and never forgot my name.  No matter what I asked for, Keenan made sure to get any request fulfilled immediately, even when i told him not to hurry.  It was raining the day we checked out, and Keenan  literally held an umbrella over me while we waited for our Uber.

The room, the service and smiles we received from the Intercontinental staff made our experience a truly wonderful one and we will definitely be going back to stay.  The rooms were super clean, the beds and pillows were just like being at home and the cleaning service was impeccable. 
Will, Billy B., and Keenan are truly wonderful, classy gentleman and I'm looking forward to my next stay because of them.
Rating: 5
Text: Great service at the front desk. There was a long line, but they were fast and efficient. Rooms are very clean and surprisingly spacious. A few bar options that have great atmosphere. Both quiet laid back scene and then the Michael Jordan bar is a loud, fun scene. Great location in the city with lots of shopping and restaurant options.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful hotel with amazing service. From Amanda at registration to Calvin the doorman, every employee offers the friendliest service and is helpful in every way. 
The room was clean and spacious with fabulous city views. 
Don't forget to check out the chocolate bar in the lobby.
Rating: 5
Text: Great staff who really stepped up and took care of me when I had some room issues! On top of that, the building itself has an amazing pool that's been maintained with its great art deco character. Will definitely be back!
