Kankakee South KOA
Rating: 4
Text: It's a nice place, nice people, but where we are, we barely get a TV signal and can't use the satellite due to being buried in trees. Also, we're not able to use the Internet for some reason though the signal is good.  The dog park is covered in dog poo because people haven't picked up after their dogs, which is annoying.  There's a nice game room and laundry room. The little store isn't way overpriced, so that's good.  In general, it's a really decent, pretty place.
Rating: 5
Text: Would like to say this campground is the worst, so there would always be open sites for the spouse and I.   However in all fairness to Rob and his Staff,   i must say this is one truly great campground.   All the sites are 4 star and most 5 star.    Fills up on weekends, so make reservations.   They have hay wagon rides,  kids barrel train rides, and movies on the weekends.     Also has a small general store, with  a pool, and  coin laundry room.   i have met numerous campers there and every one was polite and friendly,  pet friendly wit a large fenced dog run.   Any type of site your looking for,  its here, from tenting to huge motor homes,  with electric, water and sewer on about half the lots.
Rating: 5
Text: Restrooms and showers looked clean and renovated. Also in offer for the K9 travel companion is an fenced in little dog park. Staff is friendly and accommodating. Definitely a nice place.
Rating: 3
Text: The campground itself was fine. But it was very loud. Lots of foul language on the playground and basketball court. Not a place to really relax or take young children. Campground staff was informed of the rowdy behavior and foul language.  We put up with it for 24 hours. They did nothing. I finally told the foul mouthed people to stop myself . Probably will not go back.
Rating: 5
Text: First time camping in our camper.  The owner helped us with leveling, and making sure that we were good to go.  He taught us a lot.  He also let us borrow a 30 amp cord, so that we could plug in.  Kids loved the basketball court and the pool.   They also have a movie shack.  The kids liked the ride on the barrel rides.  It was the perfect place for us to "test" our camper.   We could not get our heater to work and the owner knew of another person staying there that worked on campers.  He got the heater going in no time. We have also stayed here with a tent in previous years.  Staff is very friendly.  We will visit again.
