La Quinta Inn & Suites Chicago Tinley Park
Rating: 5
Text: We booked a room here and the people were all so friendly. The lady running the front desk and the maintenance guy Richard was great anytime we needed something they were there to help. I recommend to anyone to stay here.  Thank you again La Quinta for a great stay.
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed here for 2 days for a job orientation. The staff was friendly and very helpful including the van drivers. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is, because the housekeeping could have been a little more thorough with their room cleaning. Overall it was a pleasant experience.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff was very nice and accommodating. That was the best thing about my stay here. First problem, key cards had to be swiped often before they worked. There was barely enough lighting to get dressed for the wedding. The door would not close unless you manually pulled it shut. The full length m mirror was partially covered by the dresser and a chair. I tried to call the lobby, but I couldn't because the phone didn't work. Told the front desk, it never got fixed. Breakfast was okay. When checking out the front desk asked how was my stay. I related all my complaints and they refunded my money for the room. I wasn't expecting that.
Rating: 2
Text: I'm going to start with the positive,front desk staff was very pleasant. Continental breakfast was a plus, although it could use a better selection, beds were so so. The Bad - Housekeeping is not that great. There was hair and crumbs and dust visible on the mattress and night stand *UGH*. I stayed 3 nights, and every morning the same breakfast, by the 3rd day I was no longer interested. The 1st room I was given, the toilet wouldn't flush, the 2nd room, I found a 'bug' in the mattress (I always check), however I wasn't sure what bug it was, but wasn't staying to find out, again I was moved to a room that resembled the others. I feel like for all this I should have at least been upgraded. If I wasn't so tired, and booked with a 3rd party, I would have left and stayed elsewhere. The final room was fine, but all in all I honestly feel like I paid way too much to stay here. I originally tried to get into the holiday inn, but they were booked. I personally do not think this hotel is 3 stars, more like 2. Between the dogs, cats, poor housekeeping, rooms that desperately need to be updated and rowdy crowd on Saturday, I definitely will not be staying here again.
Rating: 4
Text: I enjoyed my stay. The room was clean and good sized. Breakfast was good, but not extensive. The staff was all kind and helpful.
