Lake Holiday
Rating: 3
Text: Campers and employees are great. Management leaves a little to be desired. A great place for adults to camp. To much parties for kids and parks and playgroup not kept up at all.
Rating: 3
Text: Over all nice place . My only complaint is that everyone owns a golf cart and their is to many minors driven them like its a Indy 500 track. The one time I went there a inncdent occurred where some kids hit a younger child walking by. I would hope staff will get more strict on the golf carts. If not I probably won't be heading back there. I'm going back this weekend to give it another shot if I see those carts flying around. I will bring it up to managements attention and if I see nothing is done i will not be returning there again. I will update on this post .
Rating: 3
Text: The pools are nasty cloudy.  I think the lake is cleaner than the pools. The water slide is not maintained.  My son said he had to physically pull himself down the slide,  because the slide wouldn't slide him to go down on his own. They have really cheap kayaks with canoe paddles instead of kayak paddles. The beach is nice though.  I'd update my review if they maintain thier facility better.  
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to own or rent a camping site. Lots to do. Camping, swimming, bbq, crafts, walking, waterslide, recreation hall, outdoor movie ampitheater, concerts, dances, arcade,  basketball, tennis, a few playgrounds, and more. Pet friendly. Good security and everyone watches out for each other. My family has been coming for a few yrs now since we bought our own lot. The one problem we run into is, that there's not enough time in a weekend to enjoy this campground. I hope you enjoy your vacation here as we do.
Rating: 1
Text: Reserved a site a month and a half in advance of our arrival.  The full amount was charged to our credit card the day I called.  What ever happened to a deposit? Place was so horrible, we left a week and a half early.  Loud party place with nooo rules enforced!! Had to have air or a fan running in order to sleep at night.  Pay attention to reviews!!
