Lake Alexander Campground
Rating: 5
Text: This is a family owned park situated on a 100 acre farm in a beautifully wooded area. Partial hook ups only. But the ability to have a site close to the woods, and nowhere near anyone else. Idyllic setting. No dog park, but there was a HUGE mown meadow near my campsite where my Doberman could run. Wished I could have stayed longer.
Rating: 3
Text: I took a day trip here with a friend as I couldn't find a lick of info on this campground on the net. This park has been around for many years. It took me a few moments, but I recognised it. At one time I camped there with the parents and it sported a full out camp store and mini golf. The place was booming.
Since the original owners retired, their kids scaled the campground back. The camp store is closed for the foreseeable future and the mini-golf is no more. All the sites in this grandpappy park are still there.
Seasonal sites are at the front of the campground around a small pond and weekender sites are spread all the way back to the Kankakee. The shower-house and bathrooms are still available as is the rec hall from what the owner told me.
The park winds around a farm and a pond at the front and then eventually coils into  the woods of the Kankakee river front. Some roads are gravel and on approach to the river front (and the boat ramp) turn to mostly dirt and are quite a bit rougher.
Sites vary from sunny to partial shade and then eventually full shade as you progress further in the park. Most sites are grass, pretty spacious, with water and electric on posts. Sites have picnic tables available. Firewood is available at the office. I would imagine the fishing would be great there.
I did not spot anywhere to swim.
This park is unique in that the sites that are half way to the river-front are really surrounded by thick woods, yet still have electric/water... but are not over-developed by any means and progressively get more primitive as you approach the river.
Plan accordingly and call ahead. The owners were very pleasant when we spoke, but their focus is more on their farm then the campground hence the fact that they simply don't advertise much. Many of their campers are "next gen" return customers. They do have a sign posted that read "no tents."
This does not apply to tent trailers (pop-up) campers which seem to be ideally suited for most of their sites.
This is a simple campground that's pretty dated, but there is enough interest for me (as a place to get some peace and quiet on a weekend)  to return to this park and post a more detailed review later.


Rating: 5
Text: 
