Majestic Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: Great hotel. Great price. Location good but a little bit outside of center city. However still much in the East Lakeside neighborhood. Rooms fine for travel/business for one person but would be a little small for two unless just needed for sleeping.
Rating: 2
Text: Though I expected this to be a nice, older, well kept hotel, I have found little to help me understand why my stay has been so crappy.
For starters, Daniel has no business being employed by this hotel.  He knows how to check people in and bake cookies, is friendly, but not a helluva lot else.
When we arrived, the heat wasn't on in our room.  Daniel turned on what ended up being the Air Conditioners and told us to just keep increasing the temperature on the units until it got warmer.  We asked about the radiators and he told us they don't work and aren't used anymore.  There was a tiny little vent on the wall with a dial and it said Heat Only.  We used that and it was the only thing that was dispersing heat in our room.  It was in the low 30's outside with a strong wind.  We spent the first night and the next morning freezing.  Daniel was supposed to tell Chris that the heat wasn't working so he could come and fix it.
Daniel forgot to tell Chris and until we returned around 1:30 pm the next afternoon to see the new desk person, we didn't have any heat whatsoever.  Chris came up within 5 minutes after we alerted the front desk that we didn't have heat.  He told us that the AC units were AC and Daniel was wrong and that the radiators do and are supposed to work to provide the heat.
Chris said he was going to turn on the radiators and come back in 45 minutes to check.  He was here within 45 minutes and still a problem with the radiators producing heat.  When he returned, he had two portable space heaters and they were pumping out warmth within minutes.  Chris was wonderful, personable and deserves a raise.
The best aspect of the hotel thus far has been the beds.  They are soooooo comfortable and I got an amazing night sleep -- one of the best ever in a hotel.
The cookies are a nice treat late in the afternoon.  The continental breakfast was adequate, although there was something wrong with the hard boiled eggs as they tasted like vinegar. 
Found bugs crawling down the wall below the TV in the bedroom area of our suite.  The bugs looked like centipedes.

Overall, this hotel shows its age and needs significant remodeling to be worthy of the extremely high rates.  Its a boutique hotel, but there are few amenities that make it qualify as a boutique hotel.
Unless you can get a super deal to stay here, I don't recommend staying at this hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Historic hotel in a quiet neighborhood, with reasonably priced garage parking around the corner.  Many nice restaurants within walking distance.  An easy 6 block walk to Wrigley Field and the Addison red line train.  Grocery store 2 blocks away.  Friendly and helpful hotel staff. 

Hotel has 4 floors and has an elevator.  You do go down 4 or 5 steps when you first enter the hotel.  Our room was smaller, but very comfortable and clean. Nice mini bar with drinks and snacks, including a couple of $15 bottles of wine.  Basic breakfast included... Cereal, fruit cups, yogurt, Danish, muffins, bagels, coffee, tea, juice, etc.

For a hot breakfast walk a few blocks to Anne Sathers.
Rating: 5
Text: First time staying here, I loved it! We had the sun room suite, plenty of room with a fully stocked mini bar, 2 TV's, super comfy bed. Within walking distance to Wrigley Field(10 min walk) Located in a quiet neighborhood. The staff is excellent! Will definitely stay again when in Chicago. 
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed one night here. We had three adults and a baby. Our room had two queen beds and a separate sitting room with sofa bed. There's a mini fridge and microwave. The place is definitely older but had a great look. We did have a sitting room carpet that was stained and looked dirty. It was very hot that night and our ac kept the rooms perfectly chilled. Cookies in a lovely lounge area were a sweet idea. The continental breakfast was fresh and tasty. Parking was the hanguo, as it was forty dollars for 24 hours and was a three block walk away. It was very hot out but the walk was ok. In the winter that would be much more difficult. The staff here are wonderful, helpful and friendly. Daniel from the front desk went above and beyond and made everyone feel welcome. A definite difference from the cookie cutter check in at other places and been too. The neighborhood is very pretty and there are shops and restaurants within reaming distance. Definitely a positive experience.
