Motel 6 Merrillville
Rating: 4
Text: Comfortable room and bed.  Stayed two nights in cold weather and found the accommodation warm and mostly quiet. Lots of TV channels to choose from.  Had an issue with the toilet but it wasn't a showstopper.  There was also a long shift changeover at 3 pm that delayed check in by 15 minutes.
Rating: 3
Text: Front desk was excellent. Had no remote in room and he brought one down right away. Housekeeping not so good. Stayed 3 days never had any except for Sunday while we were gone someone came in took out the old towels and replaced with new ones. But that was all-no glasses didn't take out garbage. Same night at about 8pm after a long day someone came buy yelling housekeeping but I was too tired to deal with them. These 2 women were unbelievably noisy for the next 1.5 hours in the hall. I know they have a job to do but why did the first one earlier in the day not do it? Everything else was pretty good except that a couple of times in the hall way I definitely smelled smoke.
Rating: 2
Text: I was definitely pleased at the price for the rooms we booked and how easy it was to reserve the rooms. The actual rooms were a bit disappointing-
 bathroom was not cleaned well, both my child and I have a foot fungus from showering in this room
-bedding was worn and stained
no comp breakfast
paid for wifi  ($4.99)and was shut off after only 7.5 hours,unable to connect again after 8am ( was paid for a full 24 hours- no refund offered)
puddle of urine beside toilet
room keys did not always unlock doors- doors stuck or jammed when trying to open
hallways smelled like marijuana
Could hear noises from other rooms and in hallways -thin walls/no  noise barriers
Rating: 3
Text: Room was neat and clean including the bathroom. Bathroom was missing toilet paper which I got from the desk. No big deal. What bothered me was the light smell of cigarette smoke in the room. I am sensitive to that smell and it kind of "bothered" me during my stay especially at night.
Rating: 4
Text: Desiree was a friendly, courteous and professional host. She took good care of checking us in and making us feel welcome. The room was clean and what we expected. I was surprised not see any shampoo/conditioner in the bathroom. And the $5 premium wi-fi kept disconnecting. But, overall, we enjoyed our short stay.
