Motel 6 Gilman Il
Rating: 4
Text: The best thing about the place was the price. It is almost half of any similar joints in the area. The other positives are the clean room, comfortable bed and available mini fridge and microwave and a good WiFi connection.

Why only three star. Very sparse amenities. No closet (just hangers in open),  smallish bathroom, no toiletries except a small piece of soap., no coffee maker and coffee in lobby was bad and obviously no free breakfast. 

Overall, it is good for what you pay for and a clean and warm place to stay.

Update: I am changing rating to 4* for locational convenience. There are multiple gas stations, Denny's, McDonald's, Pilot (excellent travel center) etc. Also, the motel is within a few hundred feet off highway 57. The conveniences you realize when you land up at 11 PM in the night and want to get something to eat or if your gas tank is almost empty.
Rating: 3
Text: Gilman is a very small town and we stayed there when we attended a country concert at the Ford County Fair about 20 miles away.  The motel was fine.  Nothing too fancy but for the price it was okay.  It is very close to eating establishments and the check in was easy and the hotel personnel was friendly.  I think the room could have been a little cleaner for my taste, but the bed was comfortable.
Rating: 5
Text: everything was perfect, i liked the way they had the room set up with the little table, chair etc it was clean and fresh.most motels don't have enough  electrical connections for 1 item let alone 3, and you filled the bill.
Rating: 5
Text: I stay here whenever I come home. There is reason I do, they are always so very accomodating. I like the look and feel of the rooms. They have the sweetest staff.  Always awesome!!! I cannot rave enough about them.
Rating: 1
Text: I stay at motel 6 almost every weekend, and I've never had any serious issues. The first thing I noticed was the stale smell to the room. The bath towels were very yellow and paper thin, dead bugs on the floor, two moldy coffee cups in the microwave, when the vent is running in the bathroom ; it made the room smell like sewage.  The floors were so dirty my feet were black. Okay, so I go in and clean (because obviously they don't) next thing, my dog starts breaking out in hives. So, I go out and get some benadryl as my husband gives him a bath. Guess what? Dog is covered in fleas. My dog is 9, and has had one flea in his life.  I sat there and picked the fleas off, one by one and killed them. Tv channels are very slim pickings. You have a better chance of finding a channel selling sex toys (yes, it's true), than a news channel, or anything of decency for a family. 

Positives: the washer and dryer were very good (not taking fleas with me)

Microwave and refrigerator in room

Never saw any live bugs on floor, besides a spider.

Close to McDonald's,  burger king, dairy queen and truck stops

Quiet for the most part, but walls are paper thin.
