Oak Lake Family Campground
Rating: 5
Text: We loved this campground.  Great for kids,  so much for them to do.  They had a blast.  The campground is very clean and well taken care off. Every staff member we met was very friendly and helpful. They seem to really enjoy their jobs.  Love the extra activities and themes on the weekends.  We will definitely be back.
Rating: 5
Text: Best thing we have done in a long time. It was clean and the staff was great. We will be back soon!
Rating: 4
Text: My family and I have been coming here for about 5 years now.
Lot of activity’s for the kids to do. The website is up to date.
They are strict on the rules, but I like that. The only reason why I gave a 4 is I feel the $15 bracelet is a little overpriced, or they should have a frequent buyer coupon for non-seasonal guest. Shower rooms are cleaned daily. Sites are big. Beach is nice. Plus you can order a pizza from town and they deliver to the campground. We enjoy coming here and will return.
Rating: 2
Text: Hi We stayed at Oak Lake Family Campground August 2, 2016. BEWARE OF EXTRA CHARGES!!!!!!!!!
 It was a Tuesday and we were charged weekend rates $50.00, more because we were only staying one day. We were never told ahead of time that we would pay extra for only staying one day. We arrived at 11:30 and had to pay an extra $20.00 because check in was not until 3 pm.  Then we paid $15.00 per child to use the campground lake. So for one day we paid $ 245.00 to stay and play.  I would like to have known up front  about 
all the extra charges. We had to bring our own sheets and clean our cabin to get our fifty dollar deposit back. I will not return.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great family place for camping.  As for the reviews that show a low number of stars/complaints, is there a campground you go to that you are allotted everything for free??  I have never seen a place like that!  If there is one let me know so I can take my family there on the cheap!  The owners are super nice, the staff is super nice, and they do have FREE activities for the kiddos.  The beach is wonderful and the water is great.  Will definitely go back again!
