Red Roof Inn & Suites Monee
Rating: 3
Text: The staff was friendly and really enjoyed the courtesy call once we were in the room for a while to make sure everything was good. The room was clean, and the bed was comfortable. Thought this hotel visit would surpass my expectations. While sleeping in since on vacation there was construction being done on several rooms around us. When asked if we wanted the second or third floor we just wished that they would have advised us that the third floor has rooms being renovated. Missed sleep because of it.
Rating: 2
Text: 1st room we were put in was on the 3rd floor and it was horrible! Could smell smoke immediately even though it was smoke free. Then noticed a lot of things needed repair. Also, very tight space inside, no rroom to maneuver. We complained so they put us on the 1st floor which was much better. Still a bit tight but no smoke smell. This room had a large jacuzzi tub in the bathroom and it was difficult to step into it to take a shower. Also, slippery inside so did not feel too safe with it. A/C was noisy in both rooms. We would never stay in a Red Roof Inn again!
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed at Red Roof Inn and Suites Monee with my family and cats and would recommend others to stay here. Mostly because it's cheap and allows pets which was the main reason I liked this hotel among others. They had a indoor pool but I didn't get a chance to check it out. They also had free breakfast with a variety of options which was nice. The only problem I had with my stay was that to shower they gave very small bottles of shampoo and conditioner. I ran out with 1 shower and the rest of my family couldn't shower. Overall though I was happy with my stay.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this place zero stars I would. After an entire day of traveling and driving we stopped here around 2:30 AM. As soon as we walked in our room you could smell smoke. The signs clearly say no smoking but there were newports on the trash can along with other garbage. The bed wasn't even fully made, you could tell someone had been sleeping there. Hair on the sheets, smelled dirty. The bathroom had a dirty rag on the counter and an open bar of soap laying on the counter as well. It's like someone was in here and left right before we got up to the room. I am completely disgusted
Rating: 5
Text: Honestly the nicest hotel in the area. And it's only about 10$ more that all the other places.super clean, the pool is nice and their free breakfast is amazing. They have a waffle maker. I wouldn't stay anywhere but here in the area
