Red Roof Inn Merrillville
Rating: 5
Text: Everything was great, from the staff at the counter to the refreshing lemongrass smell when we walked it the room. The room was clean and cozy and everything seemed updated. We couldn’t have asked for better. First time at this location and we would definitely go back!
Rating: 4
Text: Our stay was well-worth the price we paid. Room was comfortably large enough for two, bed was comfortable, amenities were sparse but unnecessary for a simple overnight stay anyway. Cleanliness of the room was good, with a few minor exceptions that are the only reason a star was docked. Staff at check-in were pleasant and efficient, and for a simple economy room, we were definitely satisfied.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is NOT WORTH ONE STAR!!!  It touts "newly remodeled" and we were not sure what had been remodeled.  The room smelled musty; the bathroom had a portion of the wall which appeared to have been eaten away by mildew/mold.  The grout in the shower tile was also dirty. There were no room amenities like a blow dryer, coffee maker. Heck, there were barely towels enough for two.  We checked in, stayed about an hour in the room, went to dinner and LEFT. While it was budget-friendly, it was SO NOT WORTH IT!!  The manager sent a personal email of apology for us not being satisfied, yet did NOT try to rectify our unhappiness by refunding our money.  WHAT A WASTE!!  TRAVELER...BEWARE!!!!!
Rating: 4
Text: I have to say that I'm very impressed with the renovations. They exceeded my expectations. I generally stay in 3* + but hotels were sold out this particular weekend. The first room smelled of cigarettes so we asked to switch and the manager happily obliged and even brought us the keys. Unfortunately the second room did as well, so we just dealt with it, BUT she brought us air freshener which was nice. It's a motel, you can't be too upset. Rooms were clean, no sign of bugs or anything in either room. I guess housekeeping didn't come because we were staying 2 nights, but when I called, the front desk staff said they were gone for the day, but came and made our beds for us and brought linens and tissue (how cute). Staff was amazing and friendly. Beds not the comfiest, but for $69, be grateful. Would stay here again if necessary.
Rating: 4
Text: I mean you get what you pay for right? Well in this case, yes, but it wasn't a horrible stay. It was what I expected for the very affordable price. My child's father, my daughter and I stayed there for one night as we visited his sister for her graduation. My only expectations were for the room to be clean, no loud neighbors and the convenience of being in an area where I could grab a gift and a bite to eat. So all and all it was a nice peaceful stay. Nothing fancy but exactly what I expected and the plus was the staff was nice!
