Residence Inn by Marriott Merrillville
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is awesome! Clean, spacious rooms and amazingly friendly staff! I have stayed at this Residence Inn a few times recently and they really do have amazing people that go out of their way to make sure you have everything you need. I was a bit late for the dinner they offer, but when I walked through the door, they offered me dinner and a drink, which is just what I needed after a day at work! I would highly recommend this hotel!
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice place with all of the amenities and space that a business traveler needs. My room is huge, two rooms with a well equipped kitchen, full size refrigerator and an air conditioner that really does the job - I like my rooms cold. There's a pool, hot tub, nice exercise room, a full hot breakfast and a meal/sizeable snack most evenings. I'm very pleased with this place.
Rating: 1
Text: I was there in July for a week and returned August 15 because John was very pleasant. John was forced to quit. I travel 30 days at a time and extend up to 90 days. This time I noticed many things wrong. 
A lady got bed bugs in room 320. When she told the GM (Matthew Baron) he did not follow through. I read a review that it happened to a lady two months ago. This means the problem is not solved. 
The dinners are limited. On hamburger night they ran out of lettuce and tomatoes by 6:30 when dinner goes until 7:30. Fruit is not available for breakfast on the weekends and they run out early during the week. 
The pool is cold. More cold than other hotels. The spa broke over a week ago and it is still not fixed. A  group of  teenagers showed up with speakers and played music. When I told the front desk I was told they go there yearly. Mom just stood there. I pay them $99 for 30 days. This is a steady income for them. Cutting corners, staff hours and not fixing items generates a bonus. I feel the GM is after a bonus. When I mentioned why I was leaving no one could blame me. A sign that there is some truth to my guess. I stayed long enough.   :(
Rating: 2
Text: Not for families! Business ppl yes wonderful hotel ppl were great... except Sarah she is an awful person rude to my kids! At 7 pm we were told to quiet down or leave. Customer service isn't for her... maybe the laundry room where she doesn't deal w people is a suitable place for her!
Rating: 4
Text: It is just a few turns off the exit. Friendly staff that was able to accommodate with efficiency a minor mix up about the number of beds we expected. Breakfast was fresh and well stocked. Breakfast included eggs, sausage, oatmeal, cereal, waffles, bagels, juice, milk, and coffee. The rooms are spacious with a kitchen area that includes a coffee pot, dishwasher, stove, and refrigerator. They have a pool, workout room, and an outdoor fire pit. Overall a nice value for the money.
