Rodeway Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Loved it. So many improvements made. Monica, Alaska and Jessica are the best to work with. Housekeeping also very friendly.
Rating: 1
Text: Asked for a non smoking room. I was met at the door by a harsh old smoking smell. Called office and was told there were no other rooms available, but that they would bring the ozone machine to clean the smell out. I was told I would need to leave for about an hour while the machine ran. I took my toddler and left for a few hours. Upon return the room smelled exactly the same. Both lamps in the room had no light bulbs and the glass light covering that should've been attached to the light fixture in the  bathroom was left on the table. I called three times about the lamps and was told someone would come fix them, which never happened. The phone in the room also did not work. After coming to work at the hospital I noticed a bad stale cigarette smoke smell coming from my work scrubs! My hospital has a non smoking policy and I work in critical areas. Embarrassing, especially when I don't smoke! I removed my scrub jacket and hand washed it at work. I called the office at Rodeway and explained that this issue could cause an issue even at work. This is going on 4 days now. They stated a non smoking room would be available that day. Once I finally got into the new room, I felt some relief until that night laying in bed when a man used his key to get in our room!! Thank God I was under the sheets and had the top lock on!! I called and the night receptionist couldn't grasp what had happened and said she would reset my door. Great! I left the room the following morning only to return and find myself locked out too! I'm assuming the manager forgot she moved us to a new room and booked it with that guy, gave him a key and a viewing of me and my son in bed!
What an experience!! I will say the rooms were clean and the staff was nice. Other than that...I'm sure you can judge for yourselves. No one  has offered anything complimentary to make the experience any better either. Nothing other than a pitiful apology. Good luck!
Rating: 4
Text: Place is older and doesn't look like much on the outside, but rooms were nice and clean. Staff were very friendly. I would definitely stay again. Great prices thank u
Rating: 3
Text: It's a nice place to stay. Not too pricy. It's clean and good a/c. It's got the basics and the people here are nice
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent reception desk.  Very friendly people.  Jessica Brown is a real professional.
