Sheraton Grand Chicago
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is top notch. It is huge enough for very large conventions. They have the huge ballrooms as well as smaller conference rooms. The room I had was spacious and comfortable. I wish I had that bed at home. The rooms don't have mini fridges in them when you check in but you can ask and one will be brought to you. Maid service was slow but very good. The bar and restaurants are terribly expensive but you already knew that.
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful intercity hotel. Clean comfortable rooms. Expected price for food, because  you are in a prime location.  Exercise  facilities  are excellent.  The pool is actually  a 45 foot lap pool!  Would stay  there again.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place. Coffee downstairs advertises Starbucks.  Only carry's Pike. Save yourself some money and go to a real Starbucks on Michigan St. instead. .... Coffee here is $3.70 for a small...

The room was spectacular.  The beds are wonderful and the pillows inviting. The shower is amazing: instant hot water and the water jets will blast you through the wall. Lovely!
Rating: 1
Text: My experience sadly was only with the customer service and accounting departments. I made a reservation for a business conference in 2018. I unfortunately had to cancel my reservation and called the hotel 2 days after making my reservation. Almost 2 weeks later I hadn't received my deposit back. I called and was told that the money was never taken out of my account. I called my bank and they assured me it was. 

I can understand a mistake, an oversight but my repeated attempts to connect with accounting was ignored. I left 2 voicemails to which the recording assured me I would be contacted within 24 hours. I NEVER WAS! I emailed and no response. I called the front desk and the attendant was rude and unapologetic. The Manger on Duty was polite, apologetic and took my name and number to which no one contacted me. FINALLY, I tried to call one more time and was contacted to a real person in accounting. She was rude, unapologetic about the refund or the lack in returning my messages and email.  

I emailed the GM and I have not nor do I expect a response due to my experience with customer service at the Sheraton thus far. I will never stay at any of the Sheraton chain hotels.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location.  Very nice view from room.  Comfortable bed.  Friendly and helpful staff.  The rooms are a bit dated, but clean.
