Super 8 Mokena/Frankfort /I-80
Rating: 3
Text: If all you need is a place to sleep for a couple  of days this is the place. Clean and reasonably  priced, don't expect much else. Plenty of dining options within walking distance both local and chain places.
Rating: 3
Text: Clean hotel. Good overnight stay for the price. Not the best but far from the worst. You get a good room for price you pay. I would stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: my husband and I, and our friends came for the concert of 7/7/2017, we couldn't find a taxi or cab service to come and pick us up so I went to the front desk hoping she would be able to assist us. She immediately was concerned about us getting to the concert on time and that we had everything we needed so we were comfortably getting there. She downloaded UBER on my phone for me and helped me get a ride set up for $45.00 cheaper than what the local taxi service was going to charge. She helped us put in my credit card information and everything to ensure we got a safe ride to the amphitheater. She took about 15 minutes of her own time to make sure we got the ride set up and then she also printed our 4 tickets from Groupon out. I tried offering her a hefty tip, but she refused to take it and commented that she is already getting paid to work and help the customers to her best capability. we seen her later that night and to be honest, without her help we would've never gotten to or from the concert. Amazing customer service skills, awesome Attitude and contagious smile. I wouldn't let her go anywhere if I were you!!! She made us always want to stay at the super 8 anytime we we in town
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice,  comfy place.   As far as I can tell very quiet.   I found nothing wrong when I stayed.   However some gusts would not agree.   I guess everyone is entitled to their  own opinion.  Even if I think they are wrong. 
Rating: 4
Text: Was attending a concert at the Hollywood Amphitheatre. Reserved a room online at Priceline. Staff was super friendly even to a person who showed up dressed for a metal show. Room was cute in an early 2000s trading spaces kind of way. Very clean and smelled like clean laundry, not unpleasant or strong, just like sheets without fabric softener fresh out of the dryer. The breakfast was a little thin... White bread and plain bagels, oatmeal, coffee, orange juice, and yoplait. It's cool if they don't do hot breakfast but I wasn't that enthused about the options. Amazing for the price, would definitely recommend or stay again.
