Super 8 Monee
Rating: 5
Text: Currently here at the hotel now with my children. We've been here for some days. The staff is very personable and prompt. Great customer service goes a long way. I made reservations online so I was a bit skeptical, especially since I've never stayed at this hotel before. I got an early check in after calling to see if I can check in earlier than 3. The rooms are lovely and comfortable. The women who work here are adorable and pleasant. I have no complaints and will definitely be back. I wish that I could remember everyone's names but just know that everyone is great and even kid friendly. The cleaning staff had small talk with my children earlier while cleaning ?
Rating: 5
Text: My time at the super 8 was great. The employee Mary was very nice and really helpful. The room was nice and clean. As long as Mary is there I recommend anyone to stay there.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was alot nicer than I thought it would be.  Was pretty clean. Had a little different smell when walking in to the room. But not deadly!  Bed was comfy. Here for only four hours to sleep but  I would definitely come back.
Rating: 2
Text: I had a two queen bed room and one of the bedspreads was stained inside and out. The other  bedspread had a cigarette burn hole in it. The bathroom had not even been cleaned as someone had bad aim for the toilet and the tub was dirty. I did not use the shower and only went in the bathroom with shoes on. You could barely get the bathroom door open because the height of the carpet wedges the door on the carpet. The last issue was with the room door. You could push or pull the door open without turning the handle. You had to lift the door after you closed it in order for it to lock. Once closed and locked, you had to lift the door to unlock and open it. Sorry, although this place has been nicely updated, I won't be back.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff is very friendly and personable.  This a a great value and the room is kept tidy and clean.  The shower is very powerful and high quality and the cleaning staff is available.  I didn't have any concerns with the hotel and would highly recommend this hotel when travelling HWY 57 Chicago.
