Super 8 Merrillville/Gary Area
Rating: 1
Text: First, the floor. If you stood in one spot too long, you started to sink in and had to extract your foot when you moved. It was like a sticky movie theater floor, but it was carpet. The bathroom was dirty, and the toilet seat looked like it had been "cleaned" with dry toilet paper. We used Lysol wipes on every surface and still didn't feel like it was clean. 
Our experience only got worse from there. There was someone playing loud bass music all night somewhere in the motel.  Although the desk clerk tried to find where it was coming from, he was unable to do so. We asked to be moved to a quieter room, but he claimed that all the other rooms were either occupied or reserved, and he politely informed us that we couldn't get a refund when we asked. It was a miserable night, and although the noise wasn't necessarily their fault, at the very least, they could have made sure that the room was clean. Never again.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was about what I would expect from a Super 8. Room was clean. Hotel was older and a bit run down. Every time my husband moved in bed it felt like an earthquake. We only had two towels even though we registered four people and the towels were really skimpy. I did like the white noise from the air conditioning unit, it was nice and consistent and helped to cut out the normal hotel noises. Location was convenient to shopping and dining and close to the sports complex, so I would probably stay again for an overnight.
Rating: 1
Text: We were here for a school function for one night. It started with all of the rooms smelling like smoke or mold. Everyone's room that we went into had smelled the same way, so it had not been just our room. The microwave didn't work, and bathroom cleanness was horrible. Defiantly didn't appreciate the hair and urine found throughout the bathroom. Ceiling seemed to be splattered with some kind of residue. Lets just say we stayed up super late to avoid the bed as much as possible.
Rating: 5
Text: Had a great stay, no issues, the attendant Andy was of great help with booking a second room. I would stay again
Rating: 4
Text: I was treated like I was in prison. They were racist and condecending. I wouldn't tell anyone to stay there! There are roaches and flying bugs in the dark rooms?. The staff doesn't speak English and rudely speak in their language. I guess no one told them it was rude. They wake you up when they want to Early in the a.m. by beating keys on the door jamb loudly. The only reason I stayed two weeks was because I had a ton of belongings. Worst hotel I've ever been in.
