Swissotel Chicago
Rating: 5
Text: I bring my children here usually twice a year as this is our Chicago home away from home. Great crew of people running the place.  I have never had a bad experience with the staff or property.  Great location for Chicago activities.  Awesome rooms and suites with beautiful views. Swimming pool and hot tub is the best. Located 10 minutes from dozens of food and entertainment options.
Rating: 2
Text: Traveled to this hotel twice in two years for a business meeting. Evening check-in staff was less than friendly/borderline rude both times. Rooms were comfortable but nothing spectacular for the price. It was clean and well kept. Leave the hotel to get dinner, there are much better dining options off-site. Room service breakfast was good.
Rating: 4
Text: Great hotel! Beautiful lobby, good location. There were some minor things like a rip in one of the bed sheets and the coffee maker outlet not working (we moved it to a different outlet and all was well). Overall we had a great stay with a beautiful view of Chicago!
Rating: 5
Text: I participated in a jury study that was held in the Montreux rooms. Which had beautiful lighting from the floor to ceiling windows as well as the fixtures that hung from the ceiling. The food was amazing! French cuisine that was still approachable. Whitefish and Chicken Thighs. Roasted root vegetables and a delicious green salad with creamy French cheese can't remember which one. During one of the breaks we had giant Bavarian Pretzels were provided. All the servers were friendly and went above. One of the women had food allergies and they made a meal for her without any of her allergy triggers. Their valet service is pretty pricey $70 for the day. Take public transportation if you have an event here if they won't be providing reimbursement on parking back to save yourself $70 plus tip.
Rating: 5
Text: We loved every aspect of this hotel. Easy check in and out. The bar had great drinks and all the staff was very polite. Our room was clean, quiet,  and well maintained. I would recommend this hotel for sure!
