The Wheeler Mansion
Rating: 2
Text: Although clearly an historic landmark and preserved in (close to?) its original form, the Wheeler Mansion leaves much to be deserved around things you might expect at hotel accommodations.

1. Potable water: When you first arrive (and call the phone number to be let in... Which is sadly the *only* way you find out that an employee is on-premise) they try to offer you a small 12 oz bottle of water. I refused mine as plastic bottles seem not to be worth their (global) trouble. Little did I know that would be the only offer of potable water I would receive the entire time here. No carafe or jug of water by the budget Keurig machine and faucets water is the only way to fill those crystal glasses you get in your room. Potable water -- in a city whose suburban towns have been in the news for extreme pollution -- seems pretty important, and they don't have it here.

2. Staff-less: Got a question about where to have dinner? One of the 20 different WiFi networks with the name "Wheeler Mansion" in it not working? Wondering why your room wasn't cleaned the day before and looking for quick refresher? Then you'll need to pick up the phone -- your own, they don't have them in the rooms -- and call someone to emerge from the servant quarters to answer your question.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice facility. Very nice neighborhood. Very friendly staff. Very comfortable beds. I can't think of any improvement that could be made. Perfect for a romantic getaway.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I stayed at the Wheeler Mansion from 12/21/2016 to 12/28/2016. 

Location is great!  Close to Soldier Field, the museum and aquarium as well as walking distance from restaurants and shopping.

We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  So much more personal and individual than staying in a hotel.  The room was beautifully appointed and extremely comfortable. The bed had to be the most comfortable bed I ever slept in. We were out for most of the day but upon returning to our room it was as neat and clean as the day we checked in.

Breakfast Buffet, with an assortment of hot and cold items was plentiful and very good.  Great way to start the day.

Staff was outstanding!  They were friendly personable, warm and eager to please.  Cognizant of our privacy yet willing to engage in enjoyable conversation.

The entire home was stunning with obvious thought, warmth and personal care in renovations. 

I highly recommend The Wheeler Mansion and intend to stay there again during our next visit to Chicago.
Rating: 5
Text: I went and saw the hotel during the Open House Chicago weekend and it was fantastic to look at all the details of the architecture.
Rating: 5
Text: It was a wonderful experience. The staff met us at our car and offered to help with luggage. The atmosphere was beautiful and the room was very cozy. Breakfast was delicious as well.
