The Blackstone, Autograph Collection
Rating: 5
Text: Best stay I've had since the Ritz in Central Park.

I think that it has one of the best locations in Chicago!  It's 30 min walk to Michigan Ave and shopping.  It's 20-25 min walk to the Museum of Science.  It's a 20 min walk to the Theater where Hamilton is playing.  And there are lots of 4-5 star restaurants nearby.

The rooms have marble floors and plumbing with deep marble basins and very modern showers.  The tub is not as deep as the Ritz's but it's still fine for soaking in.

Make sure you get a lake view room.  The hotel is across from Grant Park (where Obama gave his first acceptance speech as President), and you can see out into Lake Michigan and the Ferris Wheel at the pier.

The lobby is gorgeous. This hotel may not be as tony as the Ritz but it's not too far off and it's half the price.
Rating: 5
Text: I'm so happy with this stay. The room size, design, and bed quality are all great. Big windows and classy furniture and fixtures too. Great location, plenty within walking distance, and a part of Marriott rewards.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed for Valentines Day weekend. This hotel is just fantastic. Great location on Michigan Ave, staff are warm, friendly and incredibly helpful. Rooms and bathrooms are very large. Great views. Hotel in the restaurant has great food and a lovely staff. Beautiful lobby, ballroom, huge fitness center and an art gallery. They allow and are very accommodating of dogs.

Only downfalls: Parking too pricey.
Rating: 3
Text: The best thing about the Blackstone is the staff. They are friendly and extremely accommodating in every department. I arrived as an Irma refuge, after a week of no ac in my Florida home. The Blackstone staff enfolded me in gracious care, even though my appearance and dress were no doubt not the usual they serve every day. They get 5 stars plus. The hotel itself is fine for the older reno it is. The restaurant is superb. The fitness center is well-appointed and has a stunning view. The beds are decent although I'm not a fan of feather pillows. But the staff will fix any small defect. Well, almost...the room lighting is abysmal: badly placed, too dim. The sliding glass bathroom door not only offers no privacy but makes nighttime usage invasive to fellow roommates. And if you're unlucky enough to be a smoker, you're sent out on the street like trash. Oh, and the toilet paper does not say "luxury" but "bus station."
Rating: 4
Text: Renovated and now part of Marriott. On Michigan Ave. Outdoor dinning. Great tapas restaurant Mercat off nice lobby area with seating facing Michigan Ave from second level. Starbucks on lower level accessed by elevators and stairs. Classic old Chicago hotel back in action. Nice walk to Soldiers Field and museums.
