The James Chicago - Magnificent Mile
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed here towards the end of August and had them store my luggage including a little bag that had a bottle of unopened wine in that I put in it right before handing my bags to them.
When I picked up my bags an employee goes look like your bag is leaking and I'm not sure why.

I open up my little bag and the whole bottom of the bottle is broken off in half. All of my bags contents including an iPad and notebooks for a convention happening the next day is soaked. Inside of my suitcase many of my clothes were soaked as this bag was put on top of my big bag and it leaked through. I am assuming they put my small bag on top of my other and it got knocked over and they put it up thinking it was fine.

The employees and manager on site said unfortunately there was nothing they can do and I had a friend ask one of the cleaners to at least spray out my work small bag. I understand no one wants to admit they dropped the bag but no sorry or any compensation at all for the damages? Especially when the rest of our stay was lovely, amazing rooms and we had some good suggestions and bookings from the concierge.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice facilities. Conference rooms were well kept and professional feeling. The room was clean and comfortable. Mini bar was practically full sized.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here for our 10 year wedding anniversary. They surprised us us with chocolate covered strawberries and champagne. It was so so sweet. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The rooms are modern, but they can use some updating. The carpet and the chairs looked a bit worn out. Though overall we had a wonderful experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly staff at check in, room was impeccable. Super comfortable bed. Random highlight: super soft bath robes. The only downside was a good bit of noise overnight, which I think is expected in any large city. Otherwise, wonderful stay...would stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Location was prime. Rooms were clean and modern, just enough for an overnight stay. The 'lil James' service is awesome if traveling with a little one. The bed is so comfy! From concierge to valet service, A++++. Definitely coming back during my next visit.
