The Whitehall Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: I was not able to stay at this hotel due to scheduling mix ups and they were already booked but I still have to give them a 5 star for the customer service I experienced. At Mei's Corner, Sara was absolutely amazing host and genuinely cared as she made me feel better about my situation as I figured out a solution. The valet was also very courteous and waived parking for me instead of charging me for the few hours. I truly appreciate all the help I received.
Rating: 3
Text: The location is great, near the north end of the miricle mile. It is easy to get to and easy to get around the city from. The staff are very nice. The rooms are clean though there are some things that could use an update, the shower curtain is heavy and gross which is an easy change for the hotel to do so I hope it gets done. And the carpets could stand to be switched out.
Rating: 3
Text: Totally not what we thought this place would be when we looked at the pictures online! Our room was much smaller than you'd expect for $200 a night but this hotel is basically on the magnificent mile so they can charge more I suppose. Their service is good though and we didn't complain and demand another room like some others in our group. Also the elevators are very small and only allow 4-5 people at a time in them and there's only two. Possibly the worst part is the parking across the street is outrages at $40-$50 a day ouch!!
Rating: 3
Text: The staff at the Whitehall are very friendly. Be careful about even touching anything in the fridge or snack table unless you are willing to pay for it. Everything is weight sensitive so you will be charged regardless if you consume it or not. The shower pressure and head could use a lot of help.
Rating: 1
Text: Nice location, not accommodating staff! We arrived and were told they couldn't accommodate our vehicle and gave us zero options. Already paid for the hotel room we had to figure out where to take our car, and walk blocks back to the hotel. Wouldn't go the extra mile with anything. My recommendation would be to spend a little extra to get a higher quality staff! 
