The Willows Hotel
Rating: 3
Text: We stayed at this hotel because it was very close to the condo my sister and her family live in.  The hotel is in a decent location: fairly quiet, close to places to eat.  

The staff was very friendly and nice.  There is a place to unload in front of the hotel and they do give you a parking pass with in/out privileges at a parking ramp down the block.

The hotel itself is pretty bare bones.  The rooms are small and outdated and the lobby is also very small.  Things were generally clean but old and smelly.  They have window A/C units and whenever ours turned on cold musty (almost fishy) smelling air blasted into the room.  

There are minimal outlets in the rooms and they are in odd locations.  The room was very dark and stuffy.  The bathroom is pretty old and outdated as well; no counter space, trouble with water pressure and hot/cold water.

The breakfast provided was sparse (fruit and pastries).    There was only one small area to sit at to eat it.  Many people were sitting on benches and curbs outside to eat their breakfast.  We ended up opting to eat our breakfast elsewhere rather than uncomfortably perch on the curb to eat it.

They do provide coffee/tea 24/7 which was nice.

Although this was an okay place to sleep no one in my family wanted to spend any extra time in the dark and musty room and there weren't any other areas to go and sit in.  The walls are very thin so it's very easy to hear the people around you as well which woke us up a number of times during the night.

At nearly $300/night I expected a lot more.   We won't be staying here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Lovely neighborhood for a small, boutique hotel. Rooms are comfortable but no view. Real glasses in room with options to purchase wine and soft drinks from mini bar but no liquor. Nice staff. Breakfast is basic fare with no eggs, not even hard boiled.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice ambiance although our room was tiny. It's to be expected as it was for only one person. The bathroom was a good size with a nice shower/bath and to be honest it had nice shampoo. Parking was horrible, though. Make sure you enter the parking garage from diversey street, not through the alley next to the hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: European style hotel, nice room, with a good view. Very clean and organized, good location, located off the Lincoln park neighborhood. Walking distance to the park and the lake to oversee the skylines of Chicago. Staff is friendly, parking garage is close by and easily accessible. I will highly recommend this place to everybody.
Rating: 3
Text: Great location and exterior but rooms feel tired and bathrooms need remodelling. Needs more electrical outlets in rooms.  Standard breakfast options- could have more health conscious offerings.
