The Homestead
Rating: 4
Text:  This hotel reminds me of some Victorian style  hotels in the UK. It's absolutely good, but sometimes you mention some odd things like a crack in a mirror, door knobs needing a special treatment and so on. 
However it's charming and never disturbing your stay. 
The staff is professional and very friendly. The rooms are clean and comfortable. 
Evanston is a very nice town north of Chicago. In a 10 minute walk you can take the train to downtown Chicago. 
And within another 10 minute walk  you really can enjoy the beaches of the Great Lakes. 
Rating: 4
Text: This is a charming historic hotel.  It is not a chain hotel, so those who prefer chains may be surprised by this place.  First--you cannot park there.  If you bring a car, you can park for $7 a day in the city garage around the corner.  Par for the course in a city, but if you're used to suburban hotels that could be a surprise.  Also, the rooms are smallish and older (though well-maintained, of course), and when you want two beds, you get two twins. Also, be prepared to not have a coffee maker in the room.  We were here last weekend for a girls' trip, and absolutely loved it.  We'd stay there again in a heartbeat.  The location is perfect (a quick walk to the shore, near an L station, but far enough from the hustle for quiet); the staff was very friendly; they have a nice breakfast (and it was lovely to sit outside and watch the locals while we ate); and we thought the room was adorable.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice staff, great restaurant in the hotel, cool aesthetic. The building keeps its historical charm. However this means the rooms are small and a double bed is two small twin beds. Otherwise the place is great!
Rating: 5
Text: First of all, I visited for a four day conference and one word: Location location location! Wonderful place. Very walk friendly to subway, train, and bus stations, Whole Foods, lake and parks and beautiful vegetation everywhere! The showers were extremely tight on the inside (I stayed on 2nd floor) but other than that everything was absolutely phenomenal. Very sweet and friendly staff, people everywhere, dog friendly, clean, and the biggest plus was that free continental breakfast in the am! Yes indeed. 
Rating: 5
Text: Old school feel with great customer service and management. Super close to downtown and lakefront. Very nice patio. Quality restaurant. Parking can be difficult at times but Church Street Garage is close. Definitely recommend. 
