Travelodge Hotel Downtown Chicago
Rating: 5
Text: Super comfortable and a great central location.  An older building with the double edged sword of being near the El Train (convenient, yet audible at night, but very muffled).  It has been updated and very clean and convenient within the central loop.  Close to Millennium Park and many other places.

The staff was friendly and helpful.
Rating: 3
Text: My stay at the Travelodge Hotel was fairly average. Staff was nice enough, the room was not too dirty. I really only had two issues. 1. No channel guide for the TV. With about 40 available channels spread across 1-99, you have to go through each channel one at a time to figure out what's what. 2. The fitted sheet was not a fitted sheet and did not cover the whole bed, meaning my feet kept touching the mattress pad. It was weird but I was able to get over it. On the positive side, the hotel is super close to a lot of attractions and it is very affordable.
Rating: 4
Text: We very much enjoyed our stay here! Our hotel room was clean, and the front desk allowed us to "check" a bag for the day after check out so we could explore before heading to the airport. A word of caution - we ordered too much deep dish pizza and didn't realize we didn't have a refrigerator or microwave for leftovers. On the second of our 4 night stay, we told room service that we were okay without service for the day, and I believe she took that as we didn't need room service for the rest of our stay. Our fault, but we wish we would have communicated better.
Rating: 4
Text: The location is great, and the rooms are nice and clean. The people from the hotel was nice too, and it has a great place for breakfast in the next door. The only issues was the noise. Is close to the subway, so you can hear it since very early in the morning if your room face it. Beds are not amazing neither. But overall it was a good experience! I would stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms were a bit small and some may need some renovating but we were able to get some sleep in comfortably. Bed was comfortable enough and the staff was super friendly. One thing I do wish for is the shower to have a little more pressure.
