Trump International Hotel & Tower® Chicago
Rating: 5
Text: Simply beautiful! Absolutely loved staying here! Spotlessly clean rooms, excellent service and amazing food! Top it all off with a gorgeous view! My husband and I will definitely be back, soon!
Rating: 4
Text: I went to the Trump Terrace to meet a friend for drinks and to catch up. It's a beautiful Terrace that overlooks the Tribune Tower clock and the other beautiful historic buildings surrounding. The food is blasé... nothing to write home about ...when I got there my table was filthy but the servers eventually got it cleaned up and were friendly. Strangely enough, the day that I was there (10/3/17), there was a Madman in the restaurant tearing up the restaurant area... very odd... but I was outside on the Terrace and had no clue it was happening... it's just interesting that he was even able to get up there, past the front desk, onto that floor and create such a debacle. The Terrace to still a beautiful place to meet and have drinks and relax but as far as food goes, there are plenty of other great restaurants in the city of Chicago to eat at.
Rating: 3
Text: I have been here many times including the Grand Opening.  It was the best simply the best..  Service was outstanding, the rooms were clean and the sheets were soft.. Unfortunately Mr. Trump dropped the ball in the few years The Trump Tower was built.   The sheets were rough as if they stopped using fabric softener, the bathroom doors has little privacy as its a sliding stained glass door with a 3 inch gap on the closing side that basically lets you see the toilet directly i don't like that.  The place is clean but to the standards of Trump international hotels not up to par. Basicly the staff is slacking off.  Not saying its still not one of the best places to stay because it is. But I had hoped this hotel would of kept up the high standards that The Trump International Hotels keep
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I had a really fun visit here and met some really neat locals. Sitting on the terrace on the 14th floor and enjoying the view, we landed on a warm, sunny day with Blue Angels practicing for the weekend air and water show. A couple of Chicago beers were on draft, and they had a really nice bottled cider selection from Seattle that wasn't overpriced. Didn't try the food. My wife had a spa day and really enjoyed it. Every staff member along the way was highly professional and friendly. This place definitely has all of the high-scale vibes of a 5-star location. Kudos!
Rating: 5
Text: From the moment you walk in the building you’ll notice something different. The difference is world-class service trained qualified employees who take their job extremely seriously. If you doubt me, just stop by the concierge desk and ask them any questions they will help you regardless of what your needs might be.
