W Chicago - Lakeshore
Rating: 5
Text: We enjoyed this hotel immensely! They allowed us an early check-in and a late check-out. The room looked exactly like the photos. They were extremely spacious and CLEAN. I'm VERY particular about cleanliness, and it was spot on. 

The view from the 30th floor was breathtaking over the Navy Pier. We were walking distance from so much! The Pier, shopping, great food. The location is PERFECT.

The complimentary coffee had ended one morning, but one of the ladies still went and grabbed me a cup (and it was strong and delicious!) The staff was really great and attentive. Not to mention, everyone was well dressed and polished. 

The only downside is the pool. It doesn't look as up to date or polished as the rest of the hotel. I wish they would update it and create a better ambiance. But that doesn't take away the amazing experience. 

Thank you for showing me why people love the W so much!
Rating: 4
Text: If not for the wonderful view and location I would have rated a 3 star. For the price and advertised rating the room is sub par. I even had the upgraded room just under a suite. The bathroom was huge disappointment. If anyone from the W reads this a rainfall shower head should come out of the ceiling not the wall. Causing you to have to stand in the drain to get wet. Bed was comfortable and the view was tremendous. Room service was slow and 28 dollar Cheese tray had about 5 pieces of cheese 6 pieces of bread and some almonds. No vending machines but they do have a small room near check in with a very limited selection of over priced snacks and coke products. If you can get a deal stay here but not at full price.
Rating: 2
Text: I was very excited to stay at such a beautiful hotel. From the moment we walked in the experience was not the greatest. The hotel check-in clerk seemed confused about my reservation and delayed the process of my husband and I getting into the room. He excused himself and failed to tell us why he left us standing there. After 10 minutes, he returned and advised us of why he did what he did. Once we were finally in our room, we later requested a meal off of the menu located in the room. The desk clerk advised us that we had the wrong menu. We requested an updated dinner menu and a toothbrush from room service. After 25 minutes of waiting, I had to place another call and put in my request again. The hotel is beautiful, the room is very modern and spacious, but the customer service I've experienced thus far will be the reason I won't be coming back.
Rating: 5
Text: This is one classy hotel. The views are amazing and service really nice. 
I arrived at the hotel at 12:30 pm, about 3 hours early for check-in, and the hotel staff was nice enough to let me check in. 
Rooms are comfortable, spacious and well appointed. Bathroom is spacious with all the toiletries.
I ordered breakfast, once on the day of arrival and once before check out. I tried the steak and eggs with pineapple juice and a pot of coffee, and eggs Benedict with pineapple juice. Food was priced at a slightly higher rate. I paid $68 for eggs and steak and $36 for eggs Benedict. 
The overall bill was $400 for a night's stay including breakfast.
Also, the hotel has most amazing views of the navy pier and is a short walk away from the main shopping district.
Rating: 3
Text: Beds have very firm mattresses and the blackout curtains do not completely black out the room. Staff would benefit from some hospitality training. The bar serves some wonderful drinks but the restaurant’s offerings and service could use some help. 
Great location with wonderful views.
