W Chicago - City Center
Rating: 4
Text: Great location! I was here for a week for work. Hotel is a bit dated for a W. Check in was being done by 1 person and I had a request before for early check in. Still had to wait 2.5 hrs and no one notified me. I was given a room that smelt bad. Upon request they changed my room which was slightly bigger, but overall a king bed room is tiny and less space. I personally would be spending my money on a newer hotel which has bigger rooms and better service.
Rating: 5
Text: I was visiting my son in Chicago. I loved staying at W. Personnel was very friendly and helpful. Location was great! Rooms were clean and cozy. Bathroom was small but I did not need a lot of counter space and it did not bother us. They could use firmer pillows though but it was not a problem because I stayed there only for 3 nights.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed at W Chicago-City Center for a weekend getaway. This hotel is one of the best as far as location , it is close to must see places . The decor is  amazing- giant lampshade upon entering the lobby. The staff are helpful .
Special mention to concierge Eden Bernal - this hotel is lucky to have her. We enjoyed Chicago and maximized our stay because of her recommendations on which tour to join, and what activities to prioritize, where to go for  best blues bar in town , etc. 
We plan to come back  here!!
Rating: 1
Text: There are lots of great hotel choices in Chicago.  This is not one of them.  The room needed renovation.  When we turned on the air conditioner, it banged loudly.  When we asked to be moved to a quiet room, we were told that we would have to pay more.  We paid hundreds of dollars for four hours sleep.  We won' t be back.

Later found out that they tried to charge us for an umbrella that they loaned us, and which we returned.  AVOID THIS HOTEL!!!!!
Rating: 4
Text: A modern hotel has been placed into an older building. In the lobby this means an Asian fusion restaurant has spilled over. In the elevators a cool blue hue and holographic bubbles. The old bones show once you leave the lobby and you can see where the fresh coats of paint attempt to obscure. The room is a modern wonderland of chic white cabinets, over priced mini bars, and a shadow box illuminating an inspirational quote to help you sleep.
