Warwick Allerton - Chicago
Rating: 4
Text: It was a great hotel and great location. The rooms where very small though. Everyone was very friendly. My only complaint is the elevators were slow and sometimes it took upwards of 5 min to get an elevator. They are doing work to improve those so hopefully in the future it's faster. It would also be nice if the bar were open later than midnight on the weekends.
Rating: 5
Text: I will start my review with two facts: I am a frequent traveler as well as an independent hotelier.

My boyfriend booked a standard room to celebrate my birthday with a visit to Chicago, and I could not have been more pleased. It's not a 5-star hotel, so 5-star attentiveness should not be expected; the other negative reviews give me the impression those guests are simply ill-informed or demand way too much for the price point.

Highlights:
The bartender (Mark? I can't remember, but he has a ponytail) was phenomenal, as are the signature cocktails.

Staff member, Tammy, could be seen throughout the premises and was always friendly.

All of the staff, as a matter of fact, were friendly and happy to help with questions. (I had a lot of them.)

The location is perfect - near all of the restaurants and shops the Magnificent Mile has to offer.

In summary:
Yes, this is an old, historic building; the elevators are slow, and rooms are small, but if you're out enjoying the Chicago during the day, you will not want for much. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was updated and the entire space was clean.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is gorgeous but it is old. And the only reason I point that out is because the evelatpr situation leaves something to be desired. There are 3 small elevators that service all 24 floors. It takes awhile to get an elevator which gets irritating but there is nothing that can be done about it other than planning for it. Leave extra time for you to get places or be willing to hike the stairs. The wedding location is beautiful and everyone is really helpful though.
Rating: 2
Text: Extremely friendly and accommodating staff. One of the rooms we booked was beautiful. The other room on a lower floor was extremely dated and in desperate need of renovations. The springs were piercing in the pull-out sofa bed and the view was of a brick wall. Very convenient location in the centre of the city.
Rating: 5
Text: It was a one night stay, so we barely were in the room except to sleep. The room was on the small side but it fit our budget. I will say the bed was surprisingly short, and I'm only 5'2", so that's saying something. The rooms were clean and had a vintage/modern vibe. Our room was facing Michigan Ave, so perfect location for our needs. Overall it was a great place to sleep and I'd chose it again.
