Watseka Motel
Rating: 4
Text: My stay has been pleasant so far. It has been very quiet and no problems. There are various stores and restaurants in walking distance. The only downfall is no kitchen. But overall, the rooms are very nice and clean. And the prices are great :)
Rating: 1
Text: BEWARE!!!!! I would give this zero stars if it would let me.  Made a reservation at this place via booking.com. Specified I was paying with MasterCard and verified they had 24 hour front desk. I arrived around midnight and had to ring the door bell and knock on the window several times before someone answered. I was greeted by a lady that spoke very little English, I tried to give her my license to check in and she immediately said "no". I explained that I had made a reservation online and wanted to check in. All she could really say was no and kept pointing at the window. Ended up having to drive 20 minutes out of my way to stay at another hotel. I contacted the owner of the property the next day to express my anger and make sure my card wouldn't be charged for missing the reservation. He then told me the lady up front can't work the credit card machine, she can only check in with cash. The owner seemed to not care about my problem at all and made me feel like it was my fault that I could not check in. Overall it was an absolutely terrible experience and I ended up having to pay almost double the price for a different hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: The owners are very nice and the rooms were clean. There isn't a lot of storage space, especially in the kitchenette, but it's more than workable. Pet friendly.
Rating: 1
Text: I travel for work and stay in cheaper hotels to save money and this one by far is one of the worst, got a kitchenette and stove is broken, fridge was full of water and not plugged in, everything has food stains on it, floor hasn't been mopped in a month throughout the whole room, bathroom smells like mold and water reeks of iron, two thumbs down, won't ever stay here again and would never recommend, one star is to much
Rating: 5
Text: Small, clean and good price.
