Acadia
Rating: 3
Text: This is a review for the bar menu. We arrived around 5:30pm on a Friday and had no trouble getting a seat. The two standout dishes of the evening were the Connecticut-style Lobster Roll and the PB+J-inspired dessert. We tried the bar tasting menu, which included canapes, egg yolk ravioli with truffles, roast quail with savory bread pudding, and the PB+J-inspired dessert. We also ordered the cauliflower dish and the famous Acadia hamburger.

I would come back in a heartbeat for the buttery and delicious lobster roll, and we also left with the impression that the pastry chef is very talented. Outside of those dishes, however, we were disappointed by the execution and felt a little surprised that Acadia has two Michelin stars. Many of the hot dishes arrived cold and tasted like they weren't seasoned carefully.

The service overall was excellent. Our waiter did forget to light our candle after we asked him about it, but of course that was a minor detail. I think the Michelin stars carry so much mystique that we noticed those little details more than we usually would.
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent service and great food! 
Honestly this restaurant met my expectations but did not exceed them. It is what you would expect from a Michelin starred restaurant but does not go beyond to really revolutionize the art of food. Overall, if you want to eat great (Michelin starred) food then it is a good place to get started (given the strong/bold flavors are very subtle), but that is it. There are other amazing places where the food can really 'blow' your mind. 
Rating: 3
Text: Great service, presentations and delicate food but not the best taste. We did 9 course plus 3 supplement courses. We spent close to 400 per person and with this kind of money I expect the best from every aspect. During this trip I visited 3 Michelin starred restaurant and Acadia was not the best one. I wish they can work on the flavor so it can match up with their presentation. Good experience in overall but won't go back for a while.
Rating: 5
Text: Sat at the bar. The burger was very good. The environment is nice and the staff were friendly and knowledgeable.
Rating: 5
Text: One of the best restaurants in Chicago (Michelin starred). Terrific chef and great service. Very inventive tasting menu. The bar serves light food that comes from an amazing kitchen - worth trying. A must try in Chicago as it is a foodie destination
