Au Cheval
Rating: 5
Text: When is a burger better than the sum of its parts? That's the question I've been asking ever since I ate at Au Cheval. Nothing extraordinary stands out when you first see the burger. Simple patties, cheese, sauce, without the bacon and egg it's really pretty standard. Even so, once you take your first bite you realize that the flavors all compliment each other so perfectly that you can't find any faults. Nothing leaves you thinking "that could have been a little better". You'll find yourself eating slower as your realize the inevitability that this burger you've now grown attached to will run out. You take smaller bites, trying to procrastinate  further by ordering another beer or another round of fries but still the burger gets smaller. As that last bite sits on your plate, gleaming below the harsh light in an otherwise dark restaurant, you have to make a choice. Eat it and accept that it's over, or leave it as the ultimate display of respect. I chose to leave it; my way of saying "see you later" rather than "goodbye". What an amazing burger.
Rating: 5
Text: The burger was truly the best cheeseburger I’ve ever had. Just so full of fatty flavor. The bacon on top is a must - and the fried egg, too. French fries were thick and salty, and the aioli was flavorful. We also split the porterhouse four ways and it was so so good. The sauce was ‘Thanksgiving-y’ as someone put it, but the meat was really fatty and fell off the bone. Drinks were refreshing and tasty (favorites were the pink vodka lemonade and the secret brew). Waitress was super friendly and very helpful.

Basically everything was made of high quality, fatty ingredients. Best American food I’ve had.
Rating: 5
Text: Came here for a post Marathon meal and was not disappointed. If you’re a couple or flying solo would recommend sitting at the bar. You’re able to watch this very talented crew create burger after burger brilliantly.

Even though they have an extensive beer and wine list we focused on the cocktails. Began with a pickle back (whiskey and a shot of pickle juice) followed by a Hemingway Daiquiri, Bees Knees and Old Fashioned. The list is their take on classics which all went down perfectly with our food.

If it’s your first time here and you’re hungry, highly recommend the double. It’s three patties, cheese, minced red onions and a delicious sauce. It comes with a knife in it which I promptly used to saw this beast of a burger in half. The bread and butter pickles are fantastic and their fries are not to be missed. You will walk out of here completely satisfied.
Rating: 4
Text: Delicious burger, amazing fries, but over hyped.

I really wanted Au Cheval to be my favorite burger place. I wanted to have a religious experience that would force me to drag my out of town friends here. However what I found was a delicious burger (get the egg and bacon) and awesome fries.

It was incredibly difficult to get a table. They have one line which forms for both people that have a table ready and for people looking to add themselves to the wait list. This causes confusion and would be better setup as two lines, perhaps add people to the wait list outside and people that have a table ready go inside?

Our wait ended up being about an hour which wasn't the worst I've seen, but it's still a long wait considering you can get excellent burgers elsewhere in the city without waiting.

Overall I'll come back someday. However this isn't going to be a regular spot for me.
Rating: 5
Text: Best burger in the USA IMHO. It's a heavy burger, add get the egg and pork belly and you are in burger heaven. I bring everybody who visits me there and so far everybody agrees. There is always a wait, but if you go alone or as a pair you can get in a lot faster otherwise around a 45 min wait. The small Au Cheval does not compare. They don't even have their signature pork belly and egg option.
