Azteca Grill
Rating: 1
Text: Was really disappointed this evening with the way the food was prepared, I sat there and watched it being cooked and it seemed like everyone was having a great time in the kitchen, I trusted the order to be right, I got home and was missing chips and salsa, missing the extra hot sauce, missing the fact I ordered flour tortillas with my chicken tacos and i received corn tortillas, I am glad the staff was having a great ol time talking dancing and singing in the kitchen, they need to pay more attention to what people order rather than sit and have a coffee shop conversation. I called the restaurant and it took 45 min for a chips and salsa to arrive, let alone I had to call twice, then they didn't even seem to care to replace the order that was incorrect. Get your stuff together, I order from here once a week and they always get it right, because it may be an off night doesn't mean screw around and get the order wrong. I am to say VERY disappointed in the way I was treated as a regular customer. I will find other places to go unless this place corrects the order accordingly. Unacceptable!
Rating: 5
Text: The food was good and fresh.No minimum order to get delivery. The delivery was fast.
Rating: 1
Text: First off this place is located in wrigleyville aka party town so it's drunk people food which means it's nasty when you're sober I got a suzio chimichanga and rice and beans and an horcahata and it was $20 the rice wasn't Spanish the beans were from the can the meat was nasty and overpriced as hell for nasty food
Rating: 2
Text: Web page menu deceiving. It shows  carne asada  a plate in a photo but it's not served. I had the chicken taco dinner which the meat was dried out. Other people in our party had steak burritos which they said were good. BYOB. Very average food.
Rating: 5
Text: 5 of us landed on a gold mine last night Everything was delicious. I ate the shrimp taco dinner with black beans and rice. Oh it's so good! Everyone was very pleased with their meals.
