Bar Louie
Rating: 4
Text: This is my neighborhood spot when I want to watch a game or get a decent happy hour special. I come here very often on Wednesdays for the $1.25 beer / half priced martini special. And of course they have half priced appetizers every day from 4-7pm.  

There is almost always a place to sit since the space is large, although the top area is blocked off pretty often. I usually sit at the bar, and the bartenders do a great job of serving everyone quickly. The drinks are always made correctly, but I do think they could have a bigger selection of whiskeys.

The food here is also great. I usually get the boneless wings, which come out on a cute little cast iron pan. The chips and dips appetizer is also good for sharing. 

I will keep coming here as long as they have their great happy hour specials and fun environment for watching sports.
Rating: 5
Text: Phenomenal service! I hosted an engagement party at this location and they went above and beyond to make sure everything was perfect. The event coordinator, Amanda, was super professional and answered all my questions and was super helpful especially since I was trying to plan this event from out of town. We had a large party of 30 plus and we were in the upstairs private loft and our waitress made countless trips up and down the stairs to make sure all of our orders were taken care of. 10/10 Service. Would highly recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: I really enjoy Bar Louie! Cheap drinks, and really cheap burgers on Tuesdays. For being a dollar, also, the burgers are pretty good, though of course, the specialty burgers are much better. My boyfriend and I come here whenever we can just for a night out. We love the food, and we also love the ambiance of the bar: not too crowded, not too sports bar-ish, just a fun and cozy place for food and drinks.
Rating: 5
Text: Cozy atmosphere with interesting locals and tourists having various beers and cocktails. Friendly staff and your choice of bar seating or sitting next to the windows.
Rating: 5
Text: We originally went here for the outdoor patio and craft beer, but ended up staying inside for lunch and multiple drinks once we saw the great food selection and interior design. 
Good food, good service, and amazing atmosphere.  Highly recommended.
