Bella Bacinos
Rating: 1
Text: First off, the service here is bad. It took forever for them to make an omelette. The waitress kept coming back to the table to make sure she had the order correct. It was very quiet and the two waitresses were running around clueless. It may be hard to believe, but it actually seemed like the waitresses were helping cook in the kitchen. They would disappear into the back and come out frantic serving food. The icing on the cake was when our waitress messed up our bill and acted as if she was doing us a favor by not charging us the coffee, but it is included in the breakfast. 

The food here is incredibly bland and on the verge of tasting just plain bad. How do you get an omelette wrong? We are talking eggs here. Avoid this place at all costs.
Rating: 5
Text: Cute little restaurant that has some very tasty food but even better service. Francisco, the manager went above and beyond to make sure our first time there was memorable. Also, the owner, bartender and even one of the cooks stopped by our table on the patio and checked in on us! We felt at home and will definitely be back. Great view and reasonable prices!!!
Rating: 5
Text: This is a "gem" of a spot hidden beside trump tower in Chicago. Great staff and met the owner.  It's a family business so  cool it's not a chain.  Best pizza I ever had!!
Rating: 2
Text: We were looking forward to a great meal due to overall great reviews, however, had quite a poor experience. The restaurant was not very busy, but it took us a while to be served by our waiter, and he was fairly rude throughout our service. We ordered the mushroom rigatoni and it was so acidic it tasted like stomach acid or vomit- no exaggeration. Also, we ordered the lasagna of the day, which we were told was 4 meat, and there was absolutely no meat and just mushrooms. We attempted to tell our server, but he didn't give us the time of day. We ended up each taking a few bites of our food, paying, and leaving. Maybe they were just having an off day, but we will certainly not be returning. Pros: great location downtown.
Rating: 4
Text: The tacked-on “Italian Bistro & Pizzeria” is the first clue that this location of Bacino’s goes well beyond the “heart healthy” thin and stuffed pies that put this Chicago chain on the map. The decent breakfast selection includes waffles and omelettes, but we’d recommend going in the afternoon or evening for one of the nine pasta plates and, yes, the pizza.
