Chef Klaus' Bier Stube
Rating: 3
Text: Had a 6:30 reservation for a group of 18. 7:30. Still waiting. 8:30. Still waiting. Offered a round of free drinks. 9:00 finally seated - at two tables instead of the one large table we reserved. Took forever for the food to arrive and we were not even offered menus.  The food was great, but not worth waiting over three hours for.  We watched several groups of 2, 6 and 8 get seated while we waited and waited. Entertainment was fantastic.
Rating: 5
Text: We were visiting friends in the area and we wanted to get some lunch before we left town to go home. We travel a lot and we really like eating at "local" places that have some character,  and this place has it in spades! As my wife and I both have lived in Germany, our hosts suggested Chef Klaus's and we were very glad they did. My wife had her standard Jaeger Schnitzel and I had a German beef sandwich. They were both very good, and we would love to go back the next time we are in town.
Rating: 4
Text: Authentic German and great live music. My whole family loves this place (even the kids). If the Nazi’s won the war, this would be every restaurant in America... you’ll see what I? mean when you get there. :)
Rating: 3
Text: No offense to the readers, as a former chef I very rarely give 4 stars and know very few restaurants that deserve 5. Though, this is a very good restaurant. I have only been here twice, but nothing was disappointing about the meal. For whatever reason we started with the raw oysters. 4 of the 6 were fresh and good blue point oysters. 2 of them were on their way to turning. Still, that's our fault, who the hell orders oysters at a German restaurant? Aside from that the schnitzel and Goulash dishes we got were very good. We sat at the bar and the bartender was very nice and humorous. Prices are a little high for the eats, but all in all, you can enjoy a nice atmosphere, nice beers and good food!
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible service. Waited 25 min for waitress to take our order. Never got our salad, never got drink refills, sides were cold. Had to ask twice for bread. Hardly ever saw our waitress. Been eating at the Bier Stube for the past 25 yrs including the one in Frankfort and in Peotone never had service this bad. Check was $130.00 and I'm not sure I'll go back. So disappointed.
