Denny's
Rating: 4
Text: My wife and I have eaten here a few times.... The food has always been good, well-cooked and promptly delivered to our table.  Refill service and table seating can be slow with no apparent relationship to how busy or staffed they are.  If they could work on their service/staffing issues this would be a first rate Dennys.
Rating: 1
Text: Driving cross-country, we were tired of fast food and waited to find a Denny's, looking forward to sitting down and to the usual good service.  However, while the food was typical good Denny's food (when we finally got it), the service at this Denny's was the worst we've ever experienced, virtually nonexistent.  Upon entering the restaurant we stood at the front desk for five minutes, totally ignored, and saw only one waitress running around handling everything in the restaurant.  We saw no other staff.  Finally a hostess (manager?) came out from the back to deliver a check to a table.  She made eye contact with us ... and then headed toward the back again, ignoring us.  We waved our arms and she came over.  We were shown a booth ... and then proceeded to sit ignored for twenty more minutes.  By that time several other staff members had appeared, mostly walking in and out from the back and standing around talking while that one waitress continued to do most of the work.  We couldn't tell who was supposed to be doing what because when the other staff members did do anything, there didn't seem to be any clear division of labor: at different times different people seated customers, bussed tables, rang up checks, etc. -- all while ignoring us.  We were on the verge of walking out in disgust when finally we caught the waitress' eye and waved her over.  We felt bad for her because she seemed to be swamped and stressed.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent! I admit I went in expecting a long wait given how busy they were and slow to seat people. However they handled it well! Didn't take long to get my food once seated. Plus it was cooked to perfection and exactly how I ordered it. Great Denny's! ??
Rating: 5
Text: This place has greatly improved. The manager Ashly is a wonderful loving person and I personally was blessed to spend some time and chat with her. She strives to satisfy her patrons and provide a friendly atmosphere with quality food and service.
I work a dedicated route here and usually eat breakfast here 3 to 4 times a week.
Rating: 1
Text: I'm here quite a bit. Service is very very very below poor. Sorry ladies you ain't getting no tip from me. The only way I even come here is to sit and visit with friends. I thought maybe after the remodel it might get better, but no. Service is beyond poor. It's obvious the management don't care it all bleeds down from the top.. I do apologise for a crappy review, but it is what it is..
