Famous Dave's Bar-B-Que
Rating: 4
Text: The best tasting BBQ ribs I have ever had. We always order naked ribs. The chicken was also very good. The sides were tasty. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is the service. One of us is diabetic and we asked for some crackers before we got the meal...and you guessed right ... we did not get until it was pointed out. 
Rating: 4
Text: Only bad part of our visit was that we were waiting at the hostess stand for a couple of minutes before someone helped us. Our food was also apparently slow to be served, because they gave us $5 off and free dessert. Not that we had noticed or were in a hurry to  eat, but we didn't argue. Food itself was great; basic BBQ menu but well prepared. I had the spare ribs, excellent; my wife had the cedar plank salmon, good; my son had the beef tips, good. Free dessert was the bread pudding, incredible. Be warned: just reading the calorie counts on the menu is enough to give you a heart attack.
Rating: 2
Text: I will say the food was amazing!! The only reason why I'm eating it so low was our server. Between her comments about her baby, ignoring us, and making comments about how she didn't want to be there I don't know what was worse. When we first got there she said how she wouldn't eat anything on the menu because her baby wasn't feeling it.  We had to ask the host on 2 occasions to please get us refills. What was the worst is we waited for 10 minutes to get our check and it was like there was no one in the whole restaurant. When our server came back she made a comment that she was cleaning in the back so she didn't notice that we were done. The food was amazong but a bad server ruined our experience. We may try this place again due to the amazing food and the bang for your buck. The server we had definitely needs more trainning.
Rating: 5
Text: I've come to this place several times and it has always had a very chill atmosphere. Friendly staff and good food.
Rating: 1
Text: I'm definitely gonna keep making the drive to the one on L street because of the customer service. We ordered a platter and was told they were gonna call when it was ready to pick up and never got a call. After that I had a coupon for buy one get one half off entree and they wouldnt do anything even though the one on L has done multiple times, Lets keep in mind the platter is about 6 entree. Ill keep going to L street one.
