Franklin Tap
Author: Jacqui Erickson
Rating: 2
Time: 1506140815
Text: My group (6 total) was looking for a place close to us that would be laid back and not too pricey. The food was fine, a little over cooked, but our waiter was terrible. He never checked on us, and when we went up to him to ask for sauce, we had to wait as he slowly poured drinks and watched tv. There were maybe 2 or 3 other couples in the establishment, so his attention shouldn't have been an issue. When we finally got a check, he never offered to split it (probably so he could add on gratuity because he knew he was terrible). When we asked him to split it, he told us to flip the check around and write out what our orders were because there was "no way" he would remember what we got. So we had to write out and tally up our checks, and he still had the audacity to add the 18% gratuity to the individual checks. I only gave it 2 stars because the guy helping him was nice overall. I would not recommend though, and will never go back. There are plenty of other places to eat in Chicago, it's no wonder nobody was there on a Friday night.
Author: Ben Blissett
Rating: 4
Time: 1503445548
Text: We stopped in to get out of the rain and have a drink. Service was good considering how busy it was at the time. Good selection of beers - they claim to have over 100 available. I particularly liked how many local brews they had. Didn't try the food, so I can't comment on that, but what I saw looked good. The only thing keeping me from a 5-star review is that there were only 10 beers on tap. Selection was pretty good, but I'd think a place like that should have at least a couple dozen. Good experience overall - I'd recommend it.
Author: Billy Phillips
Rating: 5
Time: 1499241285
Text: Stopped in for a bit to let my dog rest while we walked around the city. They were so friendly. They brought out a dog bowl and a treat for my buddy to snack on while I enjoyed a beer! Great beer selection. Really friendly staff. I will definitely be back again!
Author: Matt Mottier
Rating: 4
Time: 1505591262
Text: Standard Chicago style modern bar with high top seating.  The food is rather standard and a bit duplicated from other similar bars.  Still a decent place to grab a bite to eat in the south loop.
Author: A Flynn
Rating: 3
Time: 1502707250
Text: Good bar food. They have great mac and cheese. Service is always good and fast.
