Goodfella's Bar & Grill
Author: Donna Van Gundy
Rating: 1
Time: 1505431175
Text: Went there on a recommendation to have the rib eye steak sandwich. Was terrible..probably not cooks fault could of been a bad cut. Regardless. I didn't eat it nor anything else on my plate literally took 2 bites. Bo manager on site and guess what i paid for a meal i never got to enjoy. Sad to say i will not be back. Was my first time there too. Oh well. I don't cause a scene and bartender was nice to offer to call owner to see if she could comp it. Nope i had to be somewhere and was just so disappointed it ruined my appetite. Sorry Goodfella's this is not a happy customer.
Author: Sara Binyon
Rating: 5
Time: 1501792014
Text: The bartender, Kaylah, was very intelligent and welcoming. I been to Goodfella's a number of times and I have never been disappointed. There menu offers a variety of options. I have previously had their pizza and I highly recommend it. Since then I am dairy free and gluten free, Goodfella's was able to accommodate my dietary needs. There is a fire pit in the back area which is cozy. The ambiance is inviting and friendly. If you are in Cedar Lake, you must stop there. 
Author: Bob Sandling
Rating: 5
Time: 1502117685
Text: We've recently become regulars within the last month or so.
Great food and prices.
Yesterday it was extremely busy for an early Sunday afternoon.
My wife and I ordered lunch. It took about 30 minutes to arrive at our table.
A man named Drew (owner/manager) apologized for it taking longer than normal. The lunch was fabulous as usual.
Before we left, Drew brought both my wife and I 2 awesome T shirts!
A great gesture on his part to assure us to come back again. The food alone was our guarantee that we'll be back.
Thanks Drew....Bob n Patty
Author: Gary Heiser
Rating: 5
Time: 1505488463
Text: Their Italian Beef sandwich has an outstanding taste and they are very generous with the amount of beef they provide.  In fact, it is a lot to eat for one person, a great deal and is highly recommended.  We are frequent patrons so we can add that they do well in their waitress picks in that they consistently provide good service.
Author: T H
Rating: 1
Time: 1498483452
Text: The bands playing were great!  I drank four beers on tap..(all Fat Tire) in a few hours...then Half a small pizza (right from the oven)....before I left. (Sausage pep.) Left feeling great! Hour later.... bent over the toilet all night! Couldn't even keep water down!!...Missed work Saturday morning. Stomach was twisted in a knot! Thought I might die!! Bad beer or bad food...idk. Never again!!! I liked the atmosphere. ....but please stick with the bottled beer!! .and definitely skip the food!!!  (Unless you want to debilitate yourself for the next 24hrs.) Was hell.
