Hamada of Japan
Rating: 5
Text: The food and service is great. Honestly, when it comes to Hibachi style food, everything is extremely tasteful. Noodles, chicken fried rice, the chicken is amazing, the steaks are tender, service is always quick. I recommend making reservations because they get super busy during the weekend and hold times could be super long without a reservation. Definitely recommend it. One of my favorite places to go to when I want to indulge with food.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible Service, Decent Food. The chef show is good however the food (steak, rice, noodles, shrimp & chicken) all taste the same because of the flavoring they use - but this i didn't mind. Both times I went the first time me and my boyfriend asked for extra shrimp and steak and the waiter looked at me and said and I quote “girl you so funny” like it was a joke. I was perplexed. Finally once everything was paid I was waiting to get my extra steak and shrimp I asked for and it never came. I was insulted. Was he assuming it was a joke and We couldn’t afford to pay? Either way I didn’t find it funny. But I let it go. The second time we went (today) we asked for extra again. The lady repeated back to me and we verified twice my order but however when being served by the chef we didn’t get extra I literally had to walk over to the cashier spot where all the servers were and asked where was our order of extra at and she started acting as if she didn’t understand me or I didn’t ask for it the first time, I kindly and patiently told her again my extra order. We were waiting for almost an hour along with some other guest sitting with us - who were just waiting for a SPRITE (and who were complaining some of the food was burnt which I’m not one to be picky about food but agreed it honestly was). I’ve also heard stories from other people how they went asked for extra and never got it and how slow and bad the service was. We will not be returning and will happily find another Hibachi grill. Which sucks because despite the bad experience I really liked this spot, but because of the service I won’t be returning. I’ve worked in the food industry in the past and can understand how it can be but I also know what good service is, and they failed horribly at this. Hamada’s please get it together!
Rating: 3
Text: Food was fairly good, very over priced for what you get. Had to seek out someone to explain the menu and I feel like they tried to take advantage of you not knowing the pricing of the entrees. I did like them bringing out the carry out containers and bags right after the cook finished, it was like they was rushing you out. Could have been a lot better. To bad that this was my first experience.
Rating: 2
Text: The service was great. The staff was friendly and speedy. However, two of the 4 people in our group have food poisoning right now. The two people that have it ate from the same sushi platter and started experiencing the symptoms at about the same time. Again the service is great, but proceed with caution.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent Hibachi Grill Japanese Restautant!  Excellent steak, delicious noodles, awesome soup, and great sorbet (or ice cream) for dessert!  A little bit pricey, but the food was delicious!  Would highly recommend!!
