Haymarket Pub & Brewery
Author: Corey Jensen
Rating: 5
Time: 1502372836
Text: I really like Haymarket. It's in a cool building in West loop, nice ambiance.The wait staff was friendly and quick. The beer was good and loved the variety. We went to Haymarket knowing they had mostly pub type food, so we were not surprised when we saw the menu and got our food. That being said, the food was really good and presented really well. Do not let the fact that they have pub food fool you, its upscale pub food. Next time I'm in Chicago, I'll be back to Haymarket. 
Author: Andrew Merchant
Rating: 5
Time: 1500570407
Text: This place is excellent. It has good beer (not sure why someone said it was crappy in a review). The food is great. And the service was even better. We flooded this place with a group of about 40 people and they did an outstanding job keeping up with everyone.
Author: Lynda H
Rating: 5
Time: 1503686937
Text: What a great place for beer and wings. Big selection and large variety of their own draft beer. The wings were meaty and tasty! I had a Bratwurst on a roll too. Divine! Although I don't really watch sports, they had big screen TV's playing the sports channels. The bartenders (I ate at the bar) were super friendly and attentive and very knowledgeable about the beer and food. The prices were very reasonable and the atmosphere was comfortable for enjoying an evening out. I visited twice. I wish I had found this place sooner into my visit to Chicago! It's definitely a favorite that I will be suggesting to friends!
Author: Adam Johnson Jr
Rating: 4
Time: 1497408759
Text: The food has been great. Loved The Riot sandwich and sweet potato tots! The flavor of the pulled pork was beyond what I expected. Very unique and delicious. Visited 3x during my business trip. Enjoyed their beer. The atmosphere is nice and simple. The staff is friendly and attentive.
Author: Simeon Vogiatzis
Rating: 4
Time: 1499787039
Text: This place is epitome of solid brewpub. Extremely solid bar food - personal favorite are the fried cheese curds. Huge tap list of house made beers with enough variety sure to please everyone. Service is always attentive and friendly.
