Hilton Chicago
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel is located very centrally, right on Michigan Ave. It was. Wry close to walk to talk the L to many Chicago attractions and landmarks like Wrigley field, Willis tower, the bean, the pier, the planetarium and more. The staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. The hotel is gorgeous with elaborate designs and features like their grand stair cases, chandeliers in the ballroom, and fountains. The rooms were spacious and clean with great views of the city. I would definitely stay here or attend events here in the future.
Rating: 1
Text: We had a block of three rooms. They couldn't put us anywhere near each other. My in-laws rooms had ants, like a lot of ants. Our room was fine. But I checked my statement for my credit card last week and found that someone else had charged almost $80 to my room. How is this possible?!? They told me they would look up the receipts and sort it out and get back to me in 2-3 days. It's been a week and no contact. I'm likely going to have to dispute the charges and figure out it another way. The location is nice and the hotel has historic beauty,  but it's just not worth all of this hassle.
Rating: 5
Text: I worked a private event at the hotel that covered multiple floors and can say that the Hilton is gorgeous. I live in the South Loop and have walked by the hotel multiple times but had never been inside- it gorgeous to say the least. The staff were extremely accommodating and friendly to myself and team members. All of the rooms we used were clean and fully stocked at all times with anything we asked for. I would absolutely come back as a guest and will be referring family and friends to stay here during their next trip to Chicago.
Rating: 3
Text: Maintenance items to address: I’m a Hilton Diamond member. As a person who travels as part of job, I’m leaving this review as balanced and unbiased.

I have stayed at this hotel many, many times. All of my stays are for a minimum of 10-12 days. These stays are always part of a business trip and with a group. 

Parking is pricey. $75 per day - valet. 

The service, attentiveness, and attitude of the staff is always spot on.  No complaints with the staff. 

The hotel itself is getting a bit tired. It definitely needs freshened up.

The biggest complaint I have is losing the executive lounge. Why take the lounge out?

It’s a grand hotel and has always held a special place in my heart but she needs some attention.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is easy to access from main street. Interior is clean and welcoming lobby. Very open space, surprisingly they have an entire hair salon downstairs! Along with some cool anaxj shops and 2 gift shops. The pool is clean and gives you a great overlooking out to the park and lake. Room was comfortable and secure.
