Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab
Rating: 5
Text: The food here was absolutely incredible. It was expensive but you would expect that from a high end restaurant like this. The service was great and the atmosphere was amazing. It was very crowded but that means people like it there and they are getting good business which they deserve. I will eat here every time I visit Chicago, no matter how expensive it is. It is worth every penny
Rating: 5
Text: Most definitely the best meal I had in Chicago! The servers were extremely professional very detailed oriented. They were precise and very accurate in their description of the menu items and in their delivery.  Make sure you save room for dessert!
Rating: 5
Text: Every single item I put in my mouth was excellent! The steak was top notch, grilled to perfect live-fire. Try the hash browns you won't be disappointed! Mac and cheese was creamy and the pasta wasn't over cooked! I had the seafood salad to start it was a wonderful blend of texture and flavor and the perfect dressing! Try this place it's worth every penny!
Rating: 3
Text: Would have given this place 4 1/2-5 stars but I'm disappointed in them tonight. I dine in and the food is great I order carry out from time to time and tonight I'm not pleased with the food. Looks like it was thrown together and a lot of additives were missing like the butter for the bread. The scampi sauce was skimpy for my stuffed crab shrimp. The potatoes seemed to be skimpy plus they were cold as well as the shrimp. I've had better so I know they can do better however I'm disappointed. I know it was late but who doesn't like a good late night meal? If it's not worth it don't sell it. You don't want to lose a customer!
Rating: 1
Text: The worst experience ever. Our waiter used horrific profanity to his assistant server Ivan. More than once. A family with small children dined next to us. Was heard by many. As an educated professional, I truly am appalled and my evening was ruined  along with my guest as well. Found this restuarant to be one of the top 10 of Chicago.  Never again.
