Kingston Mines
Rating: 5
Text: This place rocks. Bands were great. The BBQ. Ribs were excellent.  The atmosphere of the decor fits just what u picture in your mind as a cool blues bar. There u have it, if u love the blues, this is a place for u.
Rating: 1
Text: A friend of mine got kicked out tonight for no reason and the bouncers were unreasonably rude. They tried to move us away from her and force us to stay by blocking the door despite our insistence to leave with her. It was a big group of girls and we felt incredibly uncomfortable around the two towering male bouncers, particularly because the female manager was egging them on to badger us out of the venue. We’ve been there many times and now don’t feel comfortable recommending it to anyone we know
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely amazing place!!!  The dual stages were spook much fun.  The music never stops and the drinks are so reasonably priced and they just keep coming.  I'm 44 and I would be hard pressed to remember having a better time in my life at a venue.  I will be back every time I get a chance.  Amazing job!!!!!
Rating: 3
Text: Used to love this place. The switching of stages is okay, I usually just stay in one side because I don't want to keep going back & forth. Last time, I was disappointed when I ordered food because their portions are much smaller now but somehow cost more? (ordered sweet potato fries) Then the waitress seemed annoyed because I got my drink from the bar instead from her. Never buying food there again, actually not sure if I'll ever go back.
Rating: 2
Text: As a regular here (at least twice a month) I was disappointed with the food on the past two Thursdays I've been. There seems to be something different in the kitchen because the food isn't the same on Thursdays nor is the taste consistent. I love coming here Thursdays Fridays and Saturdays because my favorite cook is in the kitchen, but now no longer Thursdays..I recommend ANYONE comes on the nights he works! Don't know his name but I know he has dreadlocks and is very polite and professional, just based off the short interaction we had when he had a so called break/breather(which lasted all of 3 minutes). You guys should have him there as often as possible! There was a gentleman that claimed to be in charge of the kitchen, but he was very rude and arrogant and dismissive when I inquired about my mystery chef. I will go ANYWHERE he's cooking! Look forward to coming to the Mines tomorrow for some quality food!
