Lalo's on maxwell
Rating: 3
Text: Really good food and a fun atmosphere at night with margaritas and mariachi bands, but the service is the slowest I've ever experienced. The last time I went, a one hour meal turned into two hours. First, they took one person's order wrong, then it took over 20 minutes to correct, and we were still charged full price for it. Then, it took a good half hour to get boxes and the check after everyone was finished eating. The first time I went, service was slow as well and our large party couldn't get the check split at all. Service is the only downside.
Rating: 4
Text: I always have some enchiladas and drinks. The food and margaritas are par for a Mexican restaurant in the US. The wait staff were very good. Karaoke was a blast last time I was there. It's a good floor for doing songs by yourself or in a group.
Rating: 1
Text: I am never returning  here for dinner. It's literally some of the worst reoccurring dinner service.  Every time I go,  the hostess behaves very arrogantly (it's always the same one, don't know her name, she's usually there when I attend Wednesday's, Thursday's, and Friday's). The first time I tried waiting for a table, she interrogated me on whether I was really going to eat dinner. I'm not sure why that would even be a question because it's a restaurant right? So if they rather earn most of their money from selling booze (explains the security guards) then just close the kitchen and call it a club. There's no reason for a hostess to intimidate customers who are simply asking to be seeking to be seated. The second time I tried having dinner for a friend's birthday. Again, I was interrogated over whether I was actually going to eat. She finally signed me up for a table, and then conveniently forgot to tell me that my entire  party (who were driving from the suburbs) needed to all be present so that I may be seated. Because they weren't present when the table was ready, I lost our place, and I had already waited over an hour and fifteen minutes. Honestly, if I knew the entire party had to be seated at once, I would have popped into another nearby establishment to wait for them. The third and last time I went to dinner, I went with my co worker after work (9:30p). The hostess seated us on the dance floor.  Busboys kept clearing out tables around us so I asked to be moved to another section. However, our waitress refused because apparently the restaurant can't have my bill transferred to another waiter (makes no sense). Our waitress referred us to the hostess, so I tried asking her, and she was of no help. Our waitress that night was very slow and kept forgetting small things we ordered like limes and water. She never even bothered checking in. It took forever to get her attention in order to obtain our bill. The waitress finally brought our check, but didn't bother to return for the payment. I was very overwhelmed at this point, and decided to just walk up to the register to cash out. The hostess was at the register when our waitress gave her my card and asked her to cash me out. Instead of apologizing for the delay, the hostess glared at me, gave my card to someone else, and then walked away. I'm not sure what's up with employees here, or what type of reputation this restaurant is after, but I wouldn't encourage anyone else to try and find out.
Rating: 3
Text: Decent, I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could... not bad but so many more authentic places available.
Rating: 4
Text: I came to celebrate a friend's birthday.  Great atmosphere.  Kid friendly.  The service was very good and fast.
