Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Rating: 1
Text: I have to say I am extremely disappointed, I flew to Chicago for the sole purpose of having Chicago's famous deep dish pizza for dinner and well my personal pizza was not cut and had absolutely no flavor... my husband and son shared a large pepperoni pie and each barely ate a slice... (for a 14 year old who can eat a whole dominoes pie by himself the pizza has to be truly terrible for him to barely eat a slice he does give thumbs up for the amount of pepperoni on the slice.  I'm truly sad to have spent enough money to buy 6 pies back home and be unsatisfied.
Rating: 5
Text: Best pizza in the northern suburbs based on ingredients and flavor. Deep dish and thin crust are both amazing. Delivery times are usually longer than estimated. Best to just call ahead and pickup.
Rating: 5
Text: I was hesitant to order, considering the reviews regarding wrong orders and double charges. I ended up ordering online for pickup to avoid those issues. Ordering online was easy. I was actually impressed that I could order plates, forks, napkins and such also. When I arrived, I was greeted warmly and my order was confirmed. They told me I just had to wait for the salads, which was 3 minutes tops. As I walked out, I noticed my 3 cans of root beer were missing. Easy fix, but again, if I had gone delivery, no telling.... By the way, this location is take out / delivery only, there is no dining area. The deep dish was amazing! Perfect temperature, thick sausage, cheese for days. The salad was super fresh and portions were huge. I would definitely come back for more!
Rating: 2
Text: I will state right up front that I dislike Lou Malnati's pizza, and deep dish generally [Pequod's being an exception]. For as much as I am not a deep dish fan, their thin crust is way worse. If you are a big deep dish fan, Lou Malnati's is known for their deep dish, so you will probably like it. If not, then their non-deep dish pizza just flat sucks! (They use that gross chunky tomato sauce.) I don't eat their pizza, I always order a beef sandwich (which is no better than Rosati's, who has better pizza as well) when we order, which I find sub-par compared to Buona or Portillo's. At least Rosati's, who makes a better pizza, offers fries (not nasty Lay's potato chips) with their sandwiches. I can sort of understand why some people may like Lou Malnati's. I will never be a fan. My brother LOVES this place. Upon its mention, he will excitedly shout out "OH, Lou Mal's" and go "oh-ho-ho..." and "oh-oh-ho-ho-ho-oh!" often dropping to his knees and dreamily shouting out the names of various Black NFL players. But that's him, go figure... I will say, that the location itself is interesting. They have a long winding hallway leading to the rear parking lot, suitable for hanging up all manner of frames.
Rating: 5
Text: Saved Valentine's Day dinner with a 5-Star customer service experience to resolve a missed delivery.  Our favorite deep dish pizza back in our good graces.
