Lou Mitchell's
Author: Teri VanDyke
Rating: 5
Time: 1508693869
Text: Waited 20 minutes and totally worth the wait. Accommodating and informative staff, lovely people. Huge breakfast food. Egg white omelet was delicious and huge. Real maple syrup on the tables. Eggs Benedict-incredible. Fresh donut holes from a wicker basket, served by a cute little lady,  while you wait. The hostess was wonderful. Chased us out the door to ask why we left so quickly...we told her we saw the line and didn’t want to stay at the table. That made her smile.
Author: David Garcia
Rating: 5
Time: 1508073385
Text: a very unique diner. donut holes when u walk in, great service. food is a step above a regular diner. waffles and pancakes are good. all egg dishes served in a skillet with potatoes. biscuits and gravy are solid. if u are looking for a diner with some character come here!
Author: Donald Browning
Rating: 5
Time: 1502149532
Text: Best waffle I've ever had. Both the pecan waffle and the bacon pecan waffle are great but I'd say just pecan is better. Super friendly and efficient. Crowded but not uncomfortably so. I would recommend this place for breakfast and I will for sure be back. The two times I was there I had two of the friendliest waitresses. 
Author: Karla Padbury
Rating: 5
Time: 1504883549
Text: 2 egg breakfast is actually 4 eggs so unless you are super hungry '1 egg' breakfast will be plenty. Everything I've had has been great and the staff is friendly and helpful. I am usually by myself so I sit at the counter. Somehow a box of donut holes finds its way home with me nearly every time I visit. Oh! And they sell bread if you find you like the toast and want to take some home too. 
Author: Charles Reeves
Rating: 5
Time: 1507663730
Text: Well...it was an interesting place as it is at the starting end of historical ROUTE 66(But never claim that to an Angelenian). Huh Great food offerings and my breakfast meal was just right and the service was top notch!!!!! Truly..a must do when in the WINDY CITY OF CHICAGO...
