Majestic Star Casino & Hotel
Rating: 2
Text: I do not know how this hotel is ranked at 3 or 3.5 stars.  The beds were really comfortable, but the rest ofnthe room had issues.  First we had requested a non smoking room, it was confirmed as non smoking and yet it reeked horribly of cigarette smoke.  There were several burn marks on the bathroom sink, so if this room is no longer a smoking room but was at one time, it needs to be overhauled cause the smell hasn't left.  Next there was a decent sized gap next to the tub and wall that looked like it had been caulked multiple times.  The curtains did not offer any sheers just the blackout blinds which meant either no outside light or all of it.  Lastly we walked from the hotel to the casino, about a 5 min walk.  Hallways were dirty, tons of dust and food were caked on the floor.

As far as service and the staff if I could rate them separately I would give them a 5.  Everyone was no nice, friendly and helpful!  What this hotel lacks in cleanliness and upkeep it more than makes up for in its high quality staff service.  

Still I am going with a 2 rating because these other areas of opportunity are so abundant.
Rating: 1
Text: The Majestic Star has been around for over twenty years. Both boats need some cosmetic improvements, but the staff.... for the most part unbelievably friendly! Unfortunately, the last visit to Jackpot Java was not pleasant. I stood in line for 10 minutes and was told they didn't have any hot dogs or polishes ready. Terrible! And was also told they run out of hot dogs all the time. I wasn't offered anything for my inconvience. Thumbs down for my last visit.
Rating: 2
Text: I took my wife to the buffet on crab leg night. That was on 9-9-17.  The crab legs were salty as hell.  We didn't enjoy them at all.  We notified the manager and she stated that the crab legs come that way.  I will say that the fried chicken & fried catfish were good and mashed potatoes.
Rating: 1
Text: The rooms are over priced, especially for Truck Drivers, two towels in a room that sleeps at least two people, when everyone knows a woman uses two towels to shower,  No fridge or microwave in the room, have stayed in cheaper motels that had fridge and microwave, the choice of coffee in the rooms is nasty,  will go back for the casino, but won't stay in the over priced motel again, very disappointed

Now about the way over priced Buffet, 
Where was the shrimp?!!! Two people being charged 70 plus dollars for the buffet and one doesn't even eat crab legs is a bit much, the crab legs cooked with the crawfish and clams were NASTY!!!! The crab legs on the far end were cold, definitely won't be eating there again, not for that price
Rating: 4
Text: Room was fairly cheap and clean. Our room was facing the lake, so that was nice to get to see. We just stayed overnight here one night on our trip to Chicago.
