Maria's Packaged Goods and Community Bar
Author: Ritika Mane'
Rating: 4
Time: 1508775224
Text: Pretty solid place here. They have some good craft cocktails and decent seating. I went to the patio for lack of space and then moved outdoors cos the inside was so loud. It's a general bar. I found the bartenders a little short and not really friendly but they gave me what it needed so minus points for that. The bar doesn't have table service so you have to get your drink at the bar and eventually bus yourself. I had the corpse reviver- I liked it since it was fresh and not super bitter. Plus point- they let the people from pleasant house next door serve you so you can have a drink and food together.
Author: Rick Leitch
Rating: 2
Time: 1505281051
Text: Hipster central and pretentious whiskey selection. I'm just not that sophisticated or trendy. This is not my scene. If you're an aspiring actor, working in a call center, and dress like a bike messenger, you'll love this place. Everything tastes great, food and drinks. I would not consider it a good value.
Author: Sam Svita
Rating: 5
Time: 1505485730
Text: I really enjoyed this bar. Such a nice neighborhood/homey feel to it. The bar tenders were all super friendly. They had an extensive craft beer supply. 10/10. Will be back!
Author: Jo Brill
Rating: 5
Time: 1505175295
Text: Great beer -- try the Marz Splash -- and if for some reason you want even more wow than the regular menu, drop in on a Monday. Come 5 pm today a guest "grill master" was cooking up freshly homemade sausage --- sooo delicious. His associate/girlfriend/chef added mango salsa and yogurt-coconut chutney. A unique taste event. I'm still swooning.
Author: Dan Carp
Rating: 5
Time: 1502977490
Text: Would have loved to stay to hang out at the bar proper, but my visit was purely to grab a cold brew to bring back to our vacation stop to enjoy with dinner.  I was overjoyed to find a couple of coolers filled mostly with beers I'd never even heard of (coming from the East Coast)!  Quality selection of local beers with friendly folks in the place.  Very good stop!
