McCormick & Schmick's Seafood & Steaks
Rating: 5
Text: Great food and great service.  Went for my birthday.   Was treated great by everyone there.  This was my first time at this location.  I will definitely go back.
Rating: 1
Text: This place was the worst restaurant experience I've had in a long time. Our server was totally miserable. Barely spoke and acted like we were bothering her. It was very clear she did not want to be there. Perhaps she was forced to work the patio when she was supposed to go home.I don't know but she was not happy. We sat on the patio with another couple. She came over and her first words to us were not hello but "so do you want drinks?'" We ordered bottles of wine and appetizers and when they came had to hunt her down to get forks to eat with. Then we ordered our main meal and I was brought the wrong dish ( I ordered salmon and got shrimp) so it had to go back. The rest of my table had their food and I had to wait for mine to be made. 2 other people at the table had ordered steak. One rare and one med rare. They came well and med well. Again we had to hunt her down for some cutlery to eat with. I finally got my dish and it was average to say the least. The steaks had to go back too. They were so over cooked. I understand mistakes happened but this was just horrid from start to finish.
Rating: 5
Text: The service, wine, steak and shrimp were great. No complaints. And the price is great for the area!
Rating: 4
Text: Ordered small size portions of mussels and shrimp kisses. The portions we're much more than expected. Delicious, too. Especially the shrimp. ? Dined in the dining room during happy hour; a bit on the noisy side.
Rating: 2
Text: I'm bummed that the restaurant lived up to the reviews. The service is indeed terrible - I believe they have a staffing or organization problem because there simply weren't enough waiters/bartenders to accommodate guests in house. Waiter kept apologizing for delays but still only came around every 15-20 minutes and our food took forever. My salmon was pretty good, but expected it to be better for it being their signature "Scottish" salmon. Salads and sides were poorly plated. My boyfriend ordered his sirloin steak medium and it was extremely chewy. We're normally not picky, but it was really tough to eat.
