MingHin Cuisine
Author: Rusty Shackleford
Rating: 5
Time: 1505705771
Text: Great food and great service. Upscale but also familiar chinese food. We ordered at least 15 different items between dishes and appetizers to share and I can say you cant go wrong with anything you get.
Author: Quan Le
Rating: 2
Time: 1508697949
Text: Many Chicagoans that I met have seen this place as one of the best Chinese restaurants in Chicago. It was also beautifully decorated and upscale look-alike. We got into here for a take-out dinner on a Thursday night. It was predictable that the restaurant had got busy the moment I came. After using the tablet to order the food, we were waiting around twenty minutes for it to be ready. 

We had the Crab Meat Corn Soup for the appetizer, which turned out to be fair and unimpressed. The Kung Pao Beef is original, though, its taste was sweeter than I could imagine. I used to have this dish elsewhere, but they were all not tasted like this. It was much better as pouring a little soy sauce into it. The Beef with Zucchini in Black Pepper Sauce was bland, greasy, and lack of seasoning, sadly. I hardly recognized there was black pepper sauce in it. 

The meals come with two boxes of rice and tons of condiments, including duck sauce, chili oil, hot sauce, sweet and sour sauce, mustard, and soy sauce. I even had no idea which sauce to go for which dish. The price was acceptable as the portion of all the food we ordered could feed four adults sufficiently. Probably, I should have a revisit here, but apparently not for getting the meals that we had.
Author: Angelica White
Rating: 5
Time: 1502845406
Text: One word: fantastic. This restaurant will be an obligatory stop for any future visits my family takes to Chicago. Incredibly diverse menu, wonderful bubble tea, the best orange chicken I've ever eaten in my life. Generous portions & everything the five of us got was top notch delicious. Loved it!!! 
Author: Rod Merritt
Rating: 5
Time: 1505689808
Text: This is it, based on reviews, and they were right. A great chinese restaurant in Chicago's Chinatown. I am tempted to say it is the best around, but can't simply because I haven't tried all of them here yet. But food was perfect and staff very helpfull and attentive. This restaurant is huge, and the downstairs filled up quickly anyway by around 6 PM. The menu is expansive, so thank goodness it is on tablets where you can scroll through the descriptions with pictures which you can zoom in! Then you just order from the tablet.
Author: Thilini Sandamali Pathigoda
Rating: 5
Time: 1503153011
Text: food is delicious here. Place is beautiful. Wine is expensive though. tea, seafood, beef, pork, everything were very tasty.  They have private rooms in Chinatown restaurant which are great to have a giggle and a chat with your friends. Place is packed with people, better to prebook.
