Next Restaurant
Author: Carolyn Roberts
Rating: 5
Time: 1506354995
Text: A once in a lifetime experience I am so happy to have had. Beautifully and creatively presented dishes. Wonderful, friendly, knowledgeable staff/servers. And for someone like myself who does not often eat fancier dishes such as caviar, it was great to expand my palette. We did the wine pairings, which was a perfect add on, however the amount we were given was a lot and we were quite tipsy at the end. Maybe only a mouthful or two should be poured, and if you want more you leave the glass in front of you, and if you don't you put it off to the side or something along those lines. All in all it was amazing!
Author: Georgia Burke
Rating: 5
Time: 1502231078
Text: Always the most enjoyable evening.  Take a break from making decisions and relax while in the hands of an unbelievable group of talented people.  The service is always my favorite part.  Everyone working there seems to enjoy presenting and serving the food as much as we enjoy eating it.  Love it!
Author: Theresa Wilkerson
Rating: 5
Time: 1508610677
Text: The Ancient Roman dinner was one of the most interesting meals I've ever eaten, and the beverage pairings were delicious and well considered. The service staff were very well informed about the cuisine, and a kitchen tour was gladly given upon our request.
Author: Katie Sabino
Rating: 5
Time: 1497633622
Text: My Mom and I were lucky enough to get a reservation for the Hollywood menu. What an amazing and unforgettable experience! I'll be honest - I didn't love every course - but the presentation and showmanship behind every course was a masterpiece! SO fun!
Author: Brendan Bremener
Rating: 3
Time: 1498445146
Text: It was good enough taste-wise. However, I found the majority of the courses to be too dependent on inedible props, often utilizing huge complex dioramas featuring only a couple bites of food. I attended the cinema-themed dinner, and just to run further with the analogy, the experience as a whole was similar to seeing a highly anticipated film that had amazing special effects but lacked the similarly amazing plot to match. The service was amazing.
