Old Town Pour House
Rating: 2
Text: I'm writing this review solely to help out any fellow vegetarians who may go to this restaurant. While I appreciate that there is a veggie burger on the menu, don't get it. It's big and mushy, tastes like straight mashed up black beans and it's drowned in ranch. Completely not worth it. Get a salad without the meat instead. Our waiter was nice, and I'm sure they have better options for meat eaters but if you're vegetarian, steer clear of the veggie burger.
Rating: 5
Text: Large craft beer selection! Music selection was awesome while I was there! Staff were friendly and helpful. Loved the TV setup, big and easy to see from anywhere but not overwhelming. Atmosphere was more relaxing than other bars and pubs in the area.  I really liked the overall look and feel of this place. Grilled chicken sandwich was excellent.
Rating: 4
Text: Great selection and friendly staff. The bro vibe doesn't fly with me though, that's why it's only four stars. Having a guy spit his beer all over the counter next to me to the cheering of his Bros was not an ideal experience.
Rating: 5
Text: One of the better spots in Chicago for craft beer -- and that's saying a lot these days. From the big upstairs to the game room downstairs, the beer selection is astoundingly expansive and good. And spirits, cocktails and view and food ... what a great place.
Rating: 1
Text: I went to the old town pour house twice now, and had awful experiences both times. Will never go back and make sure my friends / co workers don't come here either. First off , thome food is DISGUSTING. I got the veggie burger and it tasted like warm dog vomit with a cookie dough texture ..... the bun was rock hard & the veggie burger was just pure Mush with no taste !!!!!!!Second off, we ordered fried pickles and the busboy or food runner or whomever brings out our entrees first asked us if everything looked okay and. we were like uh we ordered fried pickles but it's ok... next thing we know the server (who was my server last time too . Who was an awful server both times) says he forgot to ring the pickles in and he just rung them in for us and he expedited them. Excuse you! We don't want an appetizer now?? We just got our entrees?!? Then He even charged us for the pickles!!!!!!!!!!!  Worst customer service honestly , do NOT come here. Do NOT do NOT do NOT.  go to the vig!!!!!! They have amazing good with AMAZING customer service!!!! Old Town pour house doesn't care about your experience or the food you consume.  They should also ensure their servers write down orders and not Act like they can remember everything in their heads.  Awful place. Awful food. Awful people.
