Plymouth Restaurant & Rooftop Bar
Author: krystal tyo
Rating: 1
Time: 1505601502
Text: Save your money and time! We're visiting here and thought a rooftop bar would be fun; we were wrong! Our server was very sweet and would probably do better elsewhere because the food was disgusting. Fries were undercooked,  wrap tasted like it was moldy,  and the drinks were so watered down and WAY OVERPRICED! I'm sad that this place was so gross as it was the first place we visited when we got here. . Now we know where to avoid. Bummer.
Author: Chris Cordes
Rating: 3
Time: 1508444743
Text: Solid place to watch a game.  Our group, in town for a convention, was in need of place to watch a sports game and ended up here after not finding success at other places.  The bar was good, solid.  However, they did pretty much kick everyone out once the game was over, which was ok, but still not the greatest.  Overall would go back but not rushing back there either.
Author: Ted Eliakis
Rating: 4
Time: 1501504164
Text: Great roof top Bar Grill.  Only had drinks but the food menu looked real good.  good place to meet with friends or come out as couples for affordable drinks and appetizers.   Had a good time. Will be back when in area.
Author: Rebecca Schwab Peoples
Rating: 1
Time: 1500940738
Text: SAVE YOUR RECEIPTS... THEY STEAL!!!

My bill was padded without my authorization and I was overcharged.  I was in a private party so the gratuity was included ($3.95 on a $22 bill).  I chose not to add any additional gratuity (due to the horribly slow service).  I specifically crossed out the "Additional Tip" line and wrote out the total.  However, Donna (the server listed on the receipt) chose to steal from me and give herself an additional $5 tip without my authorization.  She apparently thinks she deserves a $9 tip on a $22 bill...

Save your receipts and check your credit card transactions ASAP.  They are most likely stealing and padding everyone's bill - counting on people not checking or remembering what their total was.
Author: Nicholas Cecchi
Rating: 1
Time: 1504466730
Text: Terrible food, terrible service, 3rd-rate view.

No doubt this was a cool spot 20 years ago but now there is life in the loop and much better options than this.

To elucidate: ordered a burger. Bottom bun was so soggy it was inedible and other than the hamburger patty, the other ingredients were an undifferentiated flavorless mass.
Friend ordered chicken tenders... They looked like cardboard and apparently tasted the same.
