Smith & Wollensky - Chicago
Rating: 5
Text: Smith and Wollensky is a must try if you are looking for a great steak house with a unique experience. There are two floors to this restaurant. The upper floor consists of the bar, indoor seating (with no river view) and outdoor seating (very minimal river view). The lower level is the more desirable seating option. If you are booking a reservation for a special occasion ask for the lower level seating that is closest to the windows for the view. This is the most scenic view where you get to watch the boats pull into the Chicago Winery on the other side of the river. In terms of food the steak is pretty good but what stood out most in the meal has to be the “cup of bacon”. This is an appetizer option that is a must try! The bacon is this lean beef bacon that is made specially just for their restaurant. The bacon is so good that it will make you think all other bacon you have previously been eating is fake. “This is how bacon should always taste like!”
Rating: 1
Text: Pretty sad how the horrible service here can ruin a good name like Smith & Wollensky. It was obvious the server wasn't even listening to me when I ordered because I asked for a bottle of wine and he brought over a completely different wine from another part of the wine list. When I asked him to correct it he told me the wine I wanted wasn't available. When do restaurants update their wine lists? Once a year? The server even put his hand up to get me to stop talking at one point. Really, really awful experience. The manager did try to make it right by comping the wine I eventually got but the experience was totally ruined already. Go to the location in Houston instead, they're pretty cool. Or literally any other restaurant because they might actually listen to what you order.
Rating: 3
Text: Smith & Wollensky should be 5 stars. I am shocked. I have been to the NY and Boston restaurants and they were easily 5 stars. Our waiter was very nice.... When we saw him. He was way overbooked. My 24 ounce bone in rib eye ordered medium rare was about 16 ounces and medium well. Granted they offered to bring me a new steak, it should never have been delivered that way. I kept it. Ate it. But is was far from what was ordered. These are the reasons this one gets 3 stars. The rest of the meal was about 4/4.5 star worthy. We won't return to the Chicago S&W again. Way better options in Chicago. Sadly disappointed.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to dine for any occasion . had one of my best Valentine's day dates here. After dinner we were invited down to the lounge for some wine and cigars. Hospitality at its finest.
Oh and the Porter House Steak along with the South African Lobster tail was a signature satisfaction I have yet to forget about. ( they dont come together,  I had to order two entrees)
Rating: 5
Text: No matter what anyone says, this is THE steakhouse in Chicago. Excellent service & food! Pricey...yes but totally worth it. Very beautiful view of the marina if you eat outside on the patio. Great for a romantic evening.  This is a "must do" if u are in Chi-town! I strongly recommend 
