The Publican
Author: Eve Chou
Rating: 5
Time: 1503862635
Text: The space is so open and airy. Service is friendly and accommodating. There were some hiccups but it got fixed. The pound cake was baked to perfection, the buttery goodness topped with fruits, hazelnut and ricotta. The bacon is a must and their eggs are soft and fluffy. The meal is so tasty and definitely a great brunch place.
Author: Idris Evans
Rating: 4
Time: 1505188673
Text: The food was excellent and worth the wait. That said, the kitchen isn't all that fast. I got pretty hungry waiting for my meal, and to see the server for the first time. The place is also pretty loud, which might make a date difficult. Small quibbles though. Try the monkfish - it's divine. I'd gladly come here again the next time I'm in Chicago.
Author: Joe Campbell
Rating: 4
Time: 1504473604
Text: This restaurant would get 5 stars, the food is excellent but the wait staff is "not so" excellent. Ask the waiter for a recommendation and he has nothing to offer. 

Ordered the side order bacon, excellent! Coffee, pork shoulder all 5 star.  Pound cake was a little dry but passable. Yorkshire pudding was just OK, description on the menu makes it sound great but the dish is just so so. 
Author: Chris Lazar
Rating: 3
Time: 1500590166
Text: Wasn't anything special. Food was good, price was expected. They were super delayed for us even though we were one of the last tables they were serving for brunch.

They also had booths open that they didn't prioritize handing out over the family-style long table which was very loud and impersonal. They did, however, move us upon request which was appreciated. 

All-in-all it was okay. Wouldn't care to go back but wouldn't put up an argument if people were going again.
Author: Vince Panepinto
Rating: 5
Time: 1501199297
Text: I went here for a late brunch this past Sunday with some friends, and we all were really impressed. As a vegetarian, I was a bit apprehensive on what I could eat, but there were actually more options than I was expecting, and they weren't the typical lazy veggie option that's pretending to be high class (can we get a break from portobello caps, please)? If you're vegan, options narrow down a bit, but I'm sure if you call ahead they'd prepare something tasty for you (staff here were super friendly). Anyways, two of us got the summer squash egg dish, which was absolutely amazing. Their coffee was really great too, had no problems drinking it black. The carnivores really enjoyed their plates, too. It does get loud here, so you'll have to use your outside voice when talking to your group. Definitely recommend getting reservations. 
