The Purple Pig
Rating: 5
Text: Came here the other day on a whim and would definitely recommend. The lines were a bit long for us, but the food was worth the wait. Everything tasted so good and the cornbread is to die for. Sitting on the patio was a little chilly so make sure you have reservations for inside if you don’t like the cold. Also, there are only two unisex bathrooms for this bustling place so plan your sitting accordingly.
Rating: 1
Text: EDIT: FROM 5 STARS TO 1 STAR.

I originally gave this place a five star review after I ate here, but when I was going through my receipts after my Chicago trip and comparing it to my credit card charges, I saw that they tried to double my tip and overcharge me. I left my original review below in case you still planned to eat here, but make sure to check your credit card statement afterward.

----

Had an amazing experience at The Purple Pig! It definitely isn't cheap by any means, but it is an affordable high-end restaurant if you're looking for a nice night out.

They are a little pushy and rushy simply because there's so much going on at once in the restaurant, but at least the food came out pretty quickly.

The Bone Marrow and Beet Salad and Pork Jowl were amazing foods that were both excitingly new and still delicious! These three dishes made the whole wait worth it The fried pig ear was alright, but a little too oily and nothing to balance it out. The tuna was a major disappointment because it was too salty and there was barely anything on the plate.

While there were some dishes that we didn't like, I'm still giving it a five star review for these innovative dishes that are hard to find anywhere else. It was about ~90 for a good filling meal for three people!
Rating: 4
Text: Fantastic food! We asked for suggestions and our server picked all his favourites for his. He even gave me a delicious wine pairing. As we'd finish one dish they'd clear and bring the next immediately which was great. The lag between the 3rd and 4th dishes was almost 20 minutes though and we didn't really want it at that point. Only the smallest disappointment to an overall amazing experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing experience, bone marrow is a must have!! If you have just one dish, this should be it, with the jerky a close second. The rest were awesome as well, with the exception of the beef shoulder which was just fine (tasted just like well cooked home prepared shoulder, nothing exceptional like the rest of the dishes).
Read that there's a long line during busy hours so we came at 1730 and had plenty of room, though when we left there was a line forming, so if like us you hate lines be sure to come in a bit earlier since they don't take reservations.
Rating: 5
Text: Located in an assuming place, which makes it evident that it's the quality of the food (and amazing and friendly service) that draws in the eager clientele. Sharing style (and even communal with huge shared tables) is heartwarming. Come with a warm and inclusive attitude, an open mind and palette. You will not leave disappointed. Had the bone marrow, octopus, fennel three ways, beets with goat cheese, duck prosciutto, jamon, pork and bacon pate and of course, the short ribs. Chasing it all down with their recommended wines and some bourbon. A good night in Chicago.
