The Berghoff Restaurant
Author: Chris Cordes
Rating: 4
Time: 1508352666
Text: Very good German food.  The beer is great (their house brand).  There is a good selection of food and varieties.   It was a bit more expensive than I thought it was going to be, but it is high quality good.  Recommend it to anyone in the area.  Good for dinner, lunch or happy hour.
Author: Katie Shankster
Rating: 4
Time: 1504737489
Text: Nice restaurant with a lot of history.  We were visiting from out of town and picked this because it was the oldest restaurant in Chicago.  We each ordered a beer, which were good, and burgers.  Partner had a burger with bacon and I had the lamb burger....both tasty!  They bring a bread basket out with different types to snack on while you wait.  Service was mediocre at best.  It was later at night when we went, and the restaurant not packed, so not sure why it was slow.  Overall a good experience though.  Definitely worth a visit!
Author: Holly Hanson
Rating: 5
Time: 1502908617
Text: This is one of the oldest restaurants in the City of Chicago. I came here with my grandparents as a child (a long long time ago) and I keep coming back for good reasons.
Outstanding food and drinks.
Outstanding service.
Lovely atmosphere and location.
They are re-working the main bar right now to make it a bit larger, so I can only assume business is good, for good reason. Cheers!
Author: Uri V
Rating: 5
Time: 1505358324
Text: Great place with a lot of delicious choices. I don't eat pork thus eating German cuisine can be challenging but they had many non pork items on the menu including sea food, chicken, duck. I had an orange glazed duck and it was amazing. Highly recommend for business dinners.
Author: Ron Ramsden
Rating: 5
Time: 1509011116
Text: We had a business lunch here with 22 people.  The food was quick and we all ordered off the menu and they handled it very quickly.  Root beer was great as well as the german food (I would tell you what I had but would spell it wrong).  Thank you for a great dining experience
