The Scout Waterhouse + Kitchen
Author: Kessashun Arthur
Rating: 5
Time: 1508034788
Text: This place has a very classy atmosphere and serves high quality sports bar dishes. It's apparent that they put effort into making excellent food. It's a good place to watch sports as well, but they don't show a very wide spread of games. Wonderful experience nonetheless!
Author: J G
Rating: 2
Time: 1506387070
Text: I use to love this place. But after being served warm beers and not getting what I ordered I was severely disappointed. Told the staff nicely one bar back was sympathetic, but his manager offered no solution. I never complain about food service. But warm beers, bad service and over priced sum up this loud over priced locale. Maybe I'll give them one more chance, but I'm weary and perhaps you should too!
Author: Corey Becker
Rating: 4
Time: 1505317528
Text: Seems a bit confused about what kind of bar it's trying to be. Kind of a jack-of-all-trades kind of place. Good for groups and watching sports. Good food, but not amazing. I would call it a safe bet for just about any occasion.
Author: Thomas O'Neill
Rating: 5
Time: 1507911838
Text: Great bar for watching sports. They must have 20+ TVs and a wide open layout. Food was very good. Bloody Mary was top notch. Friendly staff and good service.
Author: Yogesh Patel
Rating: 1
Time: 1501817671
Text: This place was extremely rude and very disrespectful. It was raining outside a lot, the bouncer asked me and my wife for our IDs, so I attempted to get our IDs out and apparently as I was getting our IDs out, we were "blocking" one of the doors while I was still trying to present our IDs, just like the bouncer had asked. The bouncer hastily pushed us in through the revolving door because apparently we were in the way and made a smart/rude remark as he hasted us through the revolving door. When I attempted to speak to the manager, the bouncer confronted me again inside and was extremely rude and aggressive with me and my wife. The owner/manager without question, failed to listen to my complaint about how his bouncer was too aggressive towards us and proceeded to ask us to leave without any reason. 

I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. They are a disgrace to businesses and do not value their customers. I am ashamed that a place like this exists in such a modern and forward city. Please avoid this place if you have any questions about it's validity. You will not regret it. The pizza shop across the street is much more welcoming.
