115 Bourbon Street
Rating: 5
Text: Fast seating, fast, friendly service. Servers were all fun and talkative. It was Sweetest Day and they were giving single long stemmed roses in various colors to all ladies, even little girls got roses! The food was fresh, good quality and came out nice and hot. The only issue was each course came out quickly, so we didn't have time to enjoy our appetizer before our salads arrived and again with our entrées. Everything was clean, including the ladies room.
Rating: 4
Text: The best Cajun food ever!  Red beans and rice delicious! Huge screens to watch games on.  Several bars within this huge place. Luv the patio seating and great service.
Rating: 5
Text: Haven't been there in about 8 years give or take... Although much has changed inside the memories and amazing fun are still there. They could use some nicer bartenders though I'll tell you that but other than that I recommend this place to anyone looking for a fun night out.
Rating: 5
Text: I want to thank KAYLA, our waitress, so much for making my mom’s retirement party one of the best parties we ever had yesterday! 

Kayla knew exactly when to come over and check on us, and what to recommend when we asked for some specialty drinks or cocktails that weren’t exactly on the menu. They didn’t have any banana liquor for BBC, but the vanilla liquor worked out perfect instead, and it was a hit among several guests, including my mom! She and the other gentleman were on point with making sure everything was going okay so far while the time passed by waiting for more guests, and then making sure everyone was taken care of after all of the guests had arrived and the clock struck 3.

I don’t recall ever having service quite like what we had for a long time around here! Kayla definitely deserves a promotion for her outstanding work, her professionalism, and how personal she was with everyone. Thank you Bourbon Street, and thank you Kayla! We will return for any parties we host in the future, and recommend 115 Bourbon Street to all of our friends, guaranteed!
Rating: 3
Text: Nice place.. Just always to crowded for my liking. All though I do always have a good time here! Seen OAR here and the sound was pretty good for a bar. Great place to see a band up close and personal.
