24Grille
Rating: 4
Text: Our Bartender was amazing! She was on the go and doing a great job the food was awesome! Some of the wait staff was extremely lazy though. Could use a few new employees.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice. My wife and son surprised me with dinner and a room at The Westin Book Cadillac Hotel. The experience was great. The meal was delicious. Tiki wings were so good. Philly cheese steak flat bread was very tasty. My wife really enjoyed the sweet potatoe cheesecake with pumpkin spice ice cream. Our waiter was very pleasant and attentive. Our bill was pretty hefty especially after the pomegranate margaritas! But so worth it for a beautiful birthday meal......
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this restaurant 0 stars that would work perfectly. Went there Saturday Sept 16. 2017 to celebrate my boyfriends birthday. Everything started off so well but everything went down hill from there. Z was our waiter but we really don't know what happened to him because he never checked on us. He was too busy working on the tables around us, making sure they were ok.It was one point in time where he actually stopped at our table and looked at it and kept walking.  We asked for bread at least 5 times and he kept saying, "well guys we're working on that" but came out with bread for 2 other tables. But this was after waiting with just water for over a hour. Oh and not to mention I reserved a table for 10 people  two weeks prior to coming to the restaurant.  We were moved because a party of 14 came in which we didn't mind. But on top of all that we split the bill 3 ways, then I look at my bank statement randomly and looks like I've been charged for the entire bill, along with  everyone else was still being charged for their portion. So I'm expecting ALL OF MY MY MONEY BACK today when I call. I expected this restaurant would be amazing because it's inside of the Westin hotel so you automatically expect more but NO! It was sad because the guy that was giving us water was the one who was taking care of us. I'm not sure if Z was new or not but I don't think that 24grille should give him more than one task at a time. I'm not sure if he thought since we're young we don't know much but trust me we watched everything that was going on around us. He never apologized...he just said that one person take care of the check normally. We then explained to him how we wanted to split it. Clearly he didn't know how. I wasn't going to complain because that's just not how I operate, I allow others to make their own judgment. But when I realized I'd been over charged along with everyone else then we have a problem.
Rating: 3
Text: Excellent food!  Excellent service!  Bartender gave the perfect recommendations for food and beer. Beer selection is great. Tacos are insanely good!  My new Detroit favorite.
Rating: 2
Text: Not a very good experience for some of our 1st time visitors...Our service was EXTREMELY slow, true we had a larger party of 12, but still for larger parties usually the servers have help. We had to ask several times for drinks, she took one order at a time. It took forever to come out. We ordered drinks after the appetizers and had to ask for a drink menu, which we should have been offered since it was such a question about the drinks...our food came out and yes indeed atleast 5 of the 12 had cold or lukewarm food. And to top it off a couple of us ordered bowls of soup and cups of soup and they were the both the same size. When we brought it to the waitress attention, she said that those was the only size they had left, (HUH) and we didmt fimd that out until we asked. So we ordered a bowl, got a cup and were charged for a bowl. The manager did come over after we requested her to, (only to try to justify our complaints as being invalid, but later saw that we weren't jus a party of complainers, but jus ppl look for good service and food at the same time) because our issues were gettin out if hand and our waitress seemed as tho she didn't understand our issues...she back and forth about the temperature of our food. We didn't find out that she was the only server until after our issues had gotten well out of hand. We asked for our bill and sat an extremely long time waitin for our bill and carryout containers as we watched the waitress goto other tables and do several other things except bring our bill so we could leave. All in all the resturant is very elegant and clean, food is nice and presentable, but they need some work in the service department whether it be the kitchen, servers, management or all the above. The waitress never made an effort to ensure we had a pleasant dining experience bc she was gonna get her tip whether she did good or not bc gratuity was included already in the bill. That's really sad, I'll never eat at an establishment where gratuity is already included bc that limits your service in my opinion from this experience alone. We ate. We paid. Forces gratuity and were still leavin hungry, SMDH! Good night!
