400 Olive Bar & Grill
Rating: 2
Text: 400 Olive did not impress during my work lunch today. The steakhouse burger was over cooked, very thin, and had an overall bland flavor. The french fries were small in stature and quantity. The presentation was nice but that doesn't cut it with underwhelming food. The waiter was friendly and stopped by the table several times. However, during those visits he didn't refill anyone's drinks. There are plenty of better options for food downtown, don't waste your time here.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice breakfast buffet
Rating: 2
Text: Had: Tortilla soup ($6), margharita flatbread ($13), strawberry refresher drink ($4.50), shrimp pasta ($8), seared salmon ($24)

Food was pretty good, and plated well. But seemed extraordinarily expensive for what we got. We spend $70 (including 15% tip) on lunch for 2 which absolutely did not qualify as an elegant or high class dining experience. For that price, more than the flavor of the food matters. 

Service was amateur at best. Nothing blatantly wrong, just very unsophisticated. The woman who seats tables was apparently the only one available to take our order. I've had more polish with a waiter at a Chinese takeaway. She didn't know the items on the menu, didn't know what to recommend, basically, didn't really know how to interact with a customer outside of writing down what they said. The soup came first, and the other appetizer (the flatbread) was brought out along with the entrees. 

Will not return. Probably only acceptable if you're staying at the Hilton and find it convenient and can expense it. For the price, it was a disappointing dining experience.
Rating: 3
Text: Maybe it was just that we went here on Thanksgiving, but I expected a lot more from the restaurant inside of a Hilton.  The food was ok, nothing great, but ok.  The prices were expensive, especially for what you got.  

The service was poor though.  Maybe it was just the holidays, but it seemed like we had the porter as our waiter.  As a waiter you go up to the table and take the tables order, you don't do it from across the room.  Some in our party were getting served their desert, while others in the party were still eating the main meal.  Kind of feel rushed when someone is trying to take your desert order (from across the room) while you are still trying to eat your main meal. 
Rating: 2
Text: Food was good waiter was great but the setting sucks.  just a bunch of tables set up in the lobby of the hotel.
