5 Spice China Grill
Rating: 1
Text: This was the absolute WORST Chinese restaurant in Springfield. They supposedly win a cashew chicken cook off but I think the judges may have been stoned or bribed because the food was absolutely aweful. Too salty, over sauced, pretentious and disgusting. The egg drop soup looked like sewer water with chunks and corn. I had the peppers teak which was way too salty and garlicky.  My husband had the broccoli beef which again, too much sauce, salt and garlic. The egg rolls were put on a plate and covered in a drizzle of 3 different sauces which made me not want to eat them but, since we paid WAY TOO MUCH for all the food, I tried to muscle them down. My parents ordered the cashew chicken which had maybe 3 cashews in it and was drenched in a unconventional sauce that isn't normally on cashew chicken. My kids wouldn't even touch their sweet and sour chicken because it was way too salty. Needless to say, I would want a recount t on that vote and maybe a recall on those judges. We will NOT be back.
Rating: 4
Text: One of the better Chinese places in town. Very consistent so it's always good. I have never ordered anything that I didn't like and they accommodate pretty much any dietary needs. Would highly recommend. 

Cheers!
Rating: 4
Text: Good food. A step up from regular Chinese food. Sushi is very good. Restaurant is starting to show some age, but still has a good atmosphere. Service was good.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give them no stars I would. They didn’t give me my change, then they tried to tell me I gave them the exact amount. The ginger sauce did have the lid on it, so all the sauce spilled in the bag and leaked on my car seat. Then the food sucked. It was a big waste of money.
Rating: 5
Text: Five Spice is our families main Chinese food stop. The chicken is good, the rice is great and the lobster style Rangoon is a must. Expect a wait if you go through the drive through because they make it fresh. Also be warned that if you have a black credit card the receipt booklet makes for the perfect hiding place. I am constantly forgetting my card there and having to go back.
