A Taste of India
Rating: 5
Text: So so good. I get take out from here all the time. Perfect for vegans/vegetarians and meat-eaters alike. This is my favorite restaurant in town, and I believe the only Indian food in town. They are always really nice and polite. The wait times can very. Their bread is amazing. They have "American" fare options as well if you bring along a picky eater.
Rating: 1
Text: food and quality is very bad. Big dispppionment. Waste of money.
Rating: 4
Text: They are very pricey, but the food is spectacular.  It really is worth it, the staff is amazing and the portions are generous.  Just wish they had some more affordable menu options so I could enjoy it more often.
Rating: 1
Text: Minus -5 star ? Simply went to this restaurant and amazed, I never ate that much bad food in any restaurant. Mix vegetable they simply boiled and put, dal ?, was that really dal? Rice, today I believe about plastic rice. It was hard and really so little. Chicken dishes I don’t know what they really want to make. Chutney they put the green color in that chutney ?????. Naan some of burned and some not cooked. Chicken tandoori one is very hard and other is watery. For billing we have to wait for 10 min. No one will entertain you. No toothpicks. If I can rate them negative I really do that. Will not refer anytime. I read all reviews while eating in one review one customer wrote that they were not agree for freshness of their food and said they don’t know why only Indians having problem with their food, yes because only Indians can differentiate the taste, poor Americans how they can tell no this is not Indian food because they don’t know the real taste, and they will say good only. One good suggestion, close the restaurant or change the cook. And cook fresh food everyday.
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing food, everything is always made fresh and to taste. You can now even do online web orders and schedule pick up through the BeyondMenu app on your phone!

The staff has always been nothing but kind and polite when I arrive. Lovely restaurant run by very lovely people! A must visit!
