Abigail's
Rating: 3
Text: If you read a lot of reviews from here you’ll see a bunch of five stars, a handful of ones and a smattering of ratings in between. There’s some consistency in the bad reviews — the people and the way they treat you. And, there’s consistency in the good reviews —the food. Here’s my take. 

First off, you’d better have reservations. I called about a week before our arrival and spoke to the owner/chef. She seemed hesitant about making a reservation, then offered up 5:15 at the ‘little round table up front’, or 8:00. I opted for the 5:15 at the little table, rather that eat at 8 -- based on the reputation for good food. But... it sure sounded like we were getting stuck in a sub par spot. 

When we arrived at 5:10, they were clearly not ready for people. The chef was the only staff member we could see and she was busy behind the counter tending to a number of pans prepping for dinner. We eventually got her attention and she stopped what she was doing to ask if we had reservations. She almost seemed disappointed that we did, and pulled herself away from prep to look at the hand written list of reservations. After being asked to repeat my name a couple times, she said, ‘Oh yeah, the little round table up front.’ We were seated and she went back to work. The table was small, but really not a problem. After a couple minutes, some younger people walked in and chatted among themselves and then with the chef, then headed for the back. After a couple more minutes, it became evident these guys were the waiters, and they were leisurely getting their act together for the night. After a few more minutes (around 5:30) a young man came and said the menu would be ready in a few minutes (waaa?) and took our drink orders. 

After a few more minutes, the waiter dragged over a poster-sized a dry erase board on an easel with the menu handwritten on it, and we set about making our selections. I felt a little rushed as I tried to figure out what to order (there were probably 15 options on there) because others might be waiting on THE menu. It was an interesting menu with lots of good sounding choices.  While we waited, we were treated to front row seats of the chef in action. Couldn’t hear what was being said, but I’ll say the body language and facial expressions between her and others back there weren’t ‘good vibrations’. 

The food was pretty slow getting to us,  but it was excellent. I had lobster ravioli and my friend had sirloin with mushroom sauce. The waiter, who turned out to be the owner’s son, was attentive and polite after he got into the swing of things.  

But, the overall vibe—from time I made the reservation to when the meal arrived—just wasn’t right. Chef: find a way to be happy and engaging. Get the staff there on time and treat people like you’re happy to see them (including your staff). It's cool that the menu is apparently so fluid that it is being written while your customers wait, but maybe get a little ahead of the game and print a few off in advance. You’ve got the food covered, time to fix the rest. In the meantime, I’ll pass on another visit.
Rating: 1
Text: I was appalled by My experience here having heard how wonderful this restaurant is. What we saw was downright disgusting and these kind of problems are developed over time by not caring about sanitation. My wife and I popped in for lunch and as we were waiting for food she pointed out that nobody was wearing gloves as they cooked. As I played closer attention i saw someone preparing a pie, touching his face and then touching the food. Then he licked 3 fingers and then used that hand to move a bun in the oven out of the way to put the pie in! My wife even saw the main cook lick something off of a spoon, rinse it off and set it back down on the cutting board! The server was handling the menus and then handling food without washing in between. We paid for our tea (which tasted very strange) and left.
Rating: 3
Text: First off, this should be considered unbiased as I paid for the meals in full and left a very fair tip to the waitress  (Owner). 
The recommendation for this establishment came from the Co owner of a local BNB. We were not made aware of how truly quaint it really is.  The restaurant is based on local,  farm to plate, fresh everything.  While this,  in my experience was true,  I think the people that come to this establishment should know the following: 
1: Expect poor service,  the owner is the hostess, server and cashier.  It took 20 minutes to get our 1st drink served.  
2. Expect a VERY rustic environment.  The bill I left with surpassed 3 star restaurants only based on food.  Drinks are high as well.  Especially on volume.  
3. The "Chef" while young,  and the owners Son was skilled and fun to watch him work so many stations while being so young.  
4. The food;  there was no knowledge of the food (EVERYTHING) being prepared fresh,  salads,  soups,  EVERYTHING.  If this was brought to our attention in the beginning we would not have felt so impatient.  The menus were hand written for drinks and desert and the food menu was on a dry erase board that was difficult to read.  A quick word document typed up on a 30 dollar ink jet would be a magnificent add on for this company.  
4 a) The salad and tomato basil soup were exceptional.  Both,  again made from scratch to order. 
4 b) I ordered the rib eye with sautéed onions and Swiss atop. It was by far the worst,  most fatty piece of "steak" I have ever paid for,  $18. It came with instant mashed potatoes and garlic asparagus.  
4 c) My date had the lobster,  scallops and shrimp ravioli. It was delicious but came ala cart for $19
5. Desserts: They had several home made desserts available but we chose the gooey butter cake.  For both of us it was the best part of the meal.  As a side note a few couples came in just for the desert to go while I was there.  
In conclusion,  the meal took to long because you had virtually 2 people running the place and with that said I would have rated it higher if I didn't get violently sick from the under cooked horrible piece of meat I was served and if there were an urgent care closer than my bed n breakfast bathroom I would have gone,  QUICK.  BOTTOM LINE,  I do NOT recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful, exceptional, food, atmosphere and service. Visited while on the Katy Trail. Don't miss this dining experience! !!!
Rating: 1
Text: This place has been nothing but horrible service. The owner is very bitter and really doesn't want your business and just wants to be left alone. She has always treated me and my family horribly when we go in there. Definitely wouldn't recommend if you want to go somewhere and be treated with respect and treated like your business matters.
