Acquaviva Winery
Rating: 5
Text: From the wine to the food to the service everything is great. Our daughter got married there and they did a grest job with that.  Have recommend them and will continue to do so
Rating: 5
Text: (This review is based on the restaurant in Sycamore)

The acquaviva winery was such a joy to go to! 

As a lover of Italian food, I was not disappointed by the gnocchi at all! The price was very great for the food which was being served to us. 

The wait was very nice! The waiter was very professional and sophisticated and it was well worth it. I personally say I will be a return visitor.

My only downsides were that the decor didn't fit the theme, and it wasn't packed, but the arrangement felt like it. Either way, the food makes up for that in a tenfold!
Rating: 4
Text: Wine was descent, the food and service was absolutely incredible. Will definitely be back here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Beautiful art work throughout the venu with a nice view of the vineyard across the road. However, I found it puzzling that even with reservations for a wine tour and being told that the waitress "ran to the store :-/" a number of people who came in after us received a tour first. Their tour lasted about 30 minutes. They decided to give my boyfriend and I a private tour that lasted about 10 minuets (4 of those minutes we spent just standing near the machine where the wine is bottled). We weren't greeted as "friendly & cheerful" as the other guest. After we finished dinning in, I needed my food boxed. A younger gentalman asked if he can take my plate and box my food for me, I asked if I can do it myself only because when we originally arrived he gave us the most unwelcoming look I've ever seen and honestly I did not feel comfortable with him boxing up my meal, he insisted. After he brought my meal back (boxed up) he gave that same unwelcoming look as he walked away. I said thank you when returned my food and his response was "um hummmm" (amazing).  As a precaution, I threw the remainder of the meal out. I have a strong feeling that the young man in one way or another tampered with my meal. I'm sure the end goal was to make us not want to come back :-( luckily for me, I'm not easily detoured. While I mostly willl never support their business due to the fact that it was made very clear we were unwanted, our business was not needed, and they took so many extra steps to make us feel uncomfortable instead of putting that same amount of energy into giving us a great experience. But not all was bad, there was one male waiter who picked up on the tone that was being set and took time out from servicing his tables to chat with us a little (really nice guy). I enjoyed our 2 hour drive more so then anything. But I think I would have rather spent my birthday around more POSITIVE & FRIENDLY people. I'm sure if you fall into the proper "category/group" you'll enjoy your experience... ;--)
Rating: 5
Text: Great tour. Wine is always good. We were recommended here by the lady who owns Ela'$ Wine N Slots in Midlothian. She could not stop raving about it during our tasting at her place. She is definitely right this place is beautiful!
