Afternoon Delight
Rating: 5
Text: I've been coming to Afternoon Delight for over 20 years everytime I'm in Ann Arbor.  You walk in, grab a tray, are greeted by friendly staff, pick out a great sandwich and drink and get a trip to the well stocked and fresh salad bar.  The food is great and the service is fast.  I recently had the Super Club, pictured here and it was very tasty.  The portions are ample size and I often cannot finish my entire sandwich and take 1/2 home for later.
Rating: 5
Text: The atmosphere, service, and food were fantastic. I had a salmon waffle and my husband had a Mexican omelette and both were delicious. The homemade bagels and muffins were also amazing. We would definitely stop there again next time we are in town!
Rating: 5
Text: Great food and amazing service. The line was a bit long, but it was a game day. Would definitely go back should I return to Ann Arbor.
Rating: 2
Text: We are here on Thursday at 11:30am for grabbing brunch. It's now 12:00 noon on the dot. So we waited for 30 minutes and finally left.

A waitress told us they were switching from seating to cafeteria style and that we should wait at the counter and they will start in 5 minutes. That was half an hour ago.  There was a family in front of us who asked them again saying "we've been standing here for 45 minutes...whats going on?"

The waitress said, sorry, we are running a few minutes behind schedule.

I love the food at afternoon delight! I have come here at least once a month for the past couple of years. But... this is ridiculous.  Seat the people until your cafeteria service begins.. don't make them wait standing there. Or just tell them that it will be very late so they can decide and leave. Don't tell them 5 minutes to keep them waiting.

I hope it's just this one day that this happened. 

Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic experience catering my daughter's first birthday. There were many satisfied people at the party - they loved the food. Tom and Joanne  were awesome in helping me order a bunch of vegan food for our party. Thanks again!
