Against the Grain Brewery and Smokehouse
Rating: 4
Text: The food is delicious. Premium ingredients, well prepared. We had the truffle fries, which were greasy and savory and not overdone like some dishes can be. We also had the sandwiches, and the barbecue there definitely does not disappoint. The beer selection is also top notch, with many different styles sure to please most palates. Seating was a bit crowded - this place is very popular on game days. Send a friend to get a table early!
Rating: 2
Text: This was our second visit to Against the Grain. Our first was on a Sunday afternoon when they were serving brunch. We weren't expecting it, but it ended up being really good and so we decided to come back this evening. Tonight was NOT a good experience. Even though it's  Friday night it hasn't been busy at all, but we've waited excessive amounts of time on service, our food came out before our appetizer (they forgot to ring it in), and when the beer pretzel came the best part was the mustard - I don't recommend the beer pretzel or cheese (and my husband LOVES cheese, but he wouldn't even eat it. Our order came out wrong however we didn't complain because we had waited so long and were extremely hungry! Overall this second experience was  seriously disappointing. The beer was good, and the my husband liked his burger okay, but that was it. I think that it could be good here based on our first experience, but it isn't consistent.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food on a changing menu. Beer to satisfy all tastes. Hard to beat their smoked meats. The BBQ nachos are hard to top. Vegetarian friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: First time in Louisville...passed this place while heading to the Slugger Museum. Great brisket and cold yummy brew (WHIM - Hopped Out). Sat on the patio in the 78 degrees and it was wonderful...music was on point (coffee shop style)! Would definitely come back....
Rating: 5
Text: By far the most well known craft brewery in Louisville, and for good reason. The tap list is all produced here and rotates often. They have something for everyone, and plenty of bourbon as well! Food is fantastic and smoked in house, try the jerky! Staff is friendly and will take good care of you. Beer to-do available on site and there's a huge patio.
