Airport Steak House
Rating: 1
Text: The interior and atmosphere was very nice, but the food was not worth the price. The quality is seriously higher at Applebees.. Seriously. The steak that I had was cooked correctly, and was tender but not really what I would expect from a filet. The rice looks microwaved, our server even recommended against getting the rice but it came with my wife's dish. My order was not correct which the server says was a communication issue but I felt that I was pretty clear on what I wanted. I ordered the baked macaroni and cheese as a side with my dinner and wow, what a disappointment.It was seriously watered down and had no taste, it was extremely bland. When I brought this up to the server she said that she "didn't know what to say". I know that the waitress does not prepare the food, but I expected better customer service. They also charged us 75 cents for cheese and a dollar for bacon bits on my wife's mashed potatoes. I can't believe they nickle and dime so much on the little stuff when they charge so much for the entrees. When we received our check, I asked for the mess up with my meal to be credited (a staggering three dollars) and the waitress was very clear that she did not want to credit anything to better our experience. I had to clearly say that I was not paying for it and she agreed to credit it, but even after agreeing to credit the three dollars she wanted to argue about who made the mistake. For an appetizer and two entrees our total was over $55. We could have went to Applebees and done the two for twenty, had better customer service, more variety to choose from, and better quality food. I have never left a negative review before but I am shocked by the appalling customer service. The waitress never offered to comp part of the meal or get the manager to help us leave happy. It's like she has never had anyone complain before, she just stood there speechless that we were not pleased with our meal. We are not going back.
Rating: 2
Text: There are obviously shill reviews used to get this place an average of 3.5. 
 We kept trying but the cuisine is terrible at the Airport Steakhouse.   Nice atmosphere that's fairly quiet.  Don't bother with the Alfredo, the pasta was overcooked but worse was the sauce.  Chicken Parm:  Terribly overcooked.  Stuffed chicken breast was horrible for my Wife and I tonight.  It was pre-sliced so the cook had to have known how tough and stringy they made it.  Cutting it down smaller was literally a matter of sawing at it with the butter knife they supplied as cutlery.  Are they microwaving pre-made meals?  It's sad to leave a $50 meal in order to get a chicken sandwich at a fast food chain.  It is unlikely this place will stay open unless they make serious changes to the food preparation and even then they will have to advertise this fact.  I hope they do because it would be a nice, quiet place to have dine.
Rating: 5
Text: It was awesome!!! I luv they're food so much. It was so good!?
Rating: 1
Text: Unique place, tasty food...yet sadly, a bunch of con artists. Website displayed Sunday brunch for $10.99 per person. Seemed like an awesome place and price to go for group lunch. Took some of the family and friends there and had a great time until we got our check. We were charged $17.99 per person; no one was sure why, so we all checked the restaraunts website and found the same quote of $10.99 for Sunday brunch. I speak to the female manager (disgustingly rude) and she promptly tells me they run "holiday pricing", even though this "surcharge" was not posted anywhere on the website or inside the restaraunt. She also has the audacity to blame me for the mishap and shouts at me over large groups of people, even though I was respectable and calm the entire time. Finally, the same manager informs me that the pricing "isn't her problem that it's not listed in those locations," wow.

Food 8/10
Service 4/10
Customer service 1/10
Business ethics 0/10

I highly suggest anywhere else in town, as Airport Steakhouse must be being managed by previous Enron executives. [0/5 stars]
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent meal and Sofia was a wonderful waitress.
