AJ's Burgers & Beef
Rating: 1
Text: Wrong order the first time we visited them at the restaurant. No quality assurance at all. We were the only customers in there, during Summer. They had one job and they failed.

After lots of persuasion, my boyfriend agreed to buy from them via HungryBoiler. Wrong order once again!! The order was printed 100% correct on the invoice and receipt.  The food was just not what it said on the receipt.

Called in to AJ's asking for a replacement. We don't want a refund, we want the food that we ordered and we want it very soon (we already waited for an hour for the wrong order). Guess what? Manager said he could get the food to us asap but he would want the wrong burger back. Wow!! We were just appalled at the whole experience and the request of the manager.

Quality is average. If you would go over to triple xxx (about 50 ft away), they offer better service, better quality food, quick service and they never got our orders wrong.

Stay away from this restaurant. If I could give them 0.5 stars, I would.
Rating: 2
Text: Inside, half the tables still had debris/crumbs present.  There were only two patrons besides me so It wasn't busy.  I ordered a burger and fry and had to answer a bunch of crazy questions like type of cheese and bread, etc.. so I was really excited thinking it was going to be extraordinary.  For $10, I received a burger that was thin, dry, and had no flavor.  There was no condiments nor dressings such as lettuce, tomato, pickle onion etc. on it although I didn't specifically request, I just assumed it would be dressed with something.  Essentially, I found nothing unique or exceptional about this place.  It costs more than a McD's yet has poorer quality food.
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic food, terrific place to work, and the staff and management are like family
Rating: 5
Text: This place is not a 3.9 stars at all, such an unfair rating. All of the complaints on here don't even seem to be AJ's fault! Great food, exactly what you expect when you walk in to restaurant. Smokey atmosphere from the grilling burgers coming from the kitchen, amd the smells wafting into the seating area. I recommend this place to anyone making their way to the area. Oh, and the food is outstanding! All around awesome experience. My wife went to Purdue and took me here many times when I would visit. When we go back to the WL area, definitely coming back to AJ's!
Rating: 4
Text: I really like the food but I always take my food out. Don't like the environment!!
