Al's Steak House Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: I would not order the chicken cordon blue because it was very processed, and oily. Salad bar is great, and atmosphere was nice. Staff was outstanding! Prices $16 per entree minimum average of $20 per person,  but you will be stuffed from salad bar has lots of pastas dishes as well. French onion soup was terribly salty.
Rating: 3
Text: Clean, neat atmosphere. But as a steakhouse, their ribeye was a terrible cut, with depression era flavors, salt and pepper... I was expecting more from this place. We got fried appetizers, and you could tell by the breading they they were frozen and place needs to change the oil in the fryers. It's not a bad place if you have no tastebuds. Their bottle beer was awesome.
Rating: 5
Text: The decor and atmosphere is old school but not out dated. You could dress up a little and be romantic in the curved booths, but there might be a couple in tank tops and shorts next to you. We have been enjoying the Sunday brunch, but would not go on a holiday. The menu includes a lot of beef, including hard to find beef ribs. There are plenty of other options also. We haven't been there in the evening in years. 
Rating: 1
Text: This place is clean but the service absolutely terrible. I ordered the Thursday night special which was half rack of ribs with french fries, the salad bar, and a cold Budweiser, because they didn't have Dos XX. The server was pretty old and thought I wanted a full rack of ribs but I literally pointed at the menu which was the special. These people think because you're from out of town that they can just sell you what ever. That's not the end, when I mentioned it to her she said I had ordered the full rack I said no ma'am I ordered the special which was a half rack then she said she was going to fix it but I had to give her what I did not eat. I had only eaten four small ribs the manager never even attempted to speak to me. Do not recommend you waste your time here.
Rating: 3
Text: Food was mediocre.  Place needs some updates like new chairs for mine had no spring left and the carpet is very worn out.  The service was good.  The low playing music was ok if you like elevator music.  Sorry but this was my true feeling about the place.  I will not be recommending it nor will I go back.
