Al's Chickenette
Rating: 4
Text: Not as flavorful as some reviews indicated.  Actually, the potatoes had zero salt. The chicken and gravy were good don't get me wrong. The livers were a bit overcooked but the ranch dressing made up for that. The cherry pie was yummy and my husband seemed to enjoy the ice cream. Elisha stole the show though. She is very cordial and attentive. The food was brought to the table fast and hot! My 4 star rating is mostly based on service and the experience of being taken back in time for brief moment as we sat with greasy hands listening to the local farmers carry on about the modern day struggle of farming. The experience was well worth the short jaunt from the freeway.
Rating: 5
Text: I've been to many places that claim to specialize in fried chicken. However, on a road trip you have to try local places so we took a chance on Al's. It's a bit of a drive from the interstate but hey, we had time.

It was well worth the drive. Even though it doesn't look like much from the outside, and the small parking lot needs some serious work, I highly recommend you make the trip. They claim to make the food fresh in house, and it looks and tastes like it. The breading on the chicken was crisp and tasty, and the chicken itself had flavor. Too many times you get good breading but bland chicken or worse, bland breading and chicken. Not here. The pieces were good sized, too. I had the Big Al, a two piece dark meat meal, which comes with two sides. I was expecting at best a drumstick and wing, both scrawny. What I got was a drumstick and thigh, both good sized. With the mashed potatoes and gravy and corn, I was full. Of course, they have pie and there's always room for pie, especially home made pie. Get the triple berry pie warmed up. Trust me on this.

Another pleasant surprise was their offering of one breast with two sides. Most places won't do that, and that's what my wife likes. So, happy wife. Another score!

Jess, our server, put up with our questions with a smile and still provided great service.

Then there's the interior. It's kitschy. It's old. They've been in the same building since 1949, after all. But it adds to the charm. When you combine it with the great food and great service, it's hands down one of the best places I've been to for fried chicken ever. 

Do yourself a favor. Check it out for yourself.
Rating: 5
Text: Despite what others have written, I am a SALT~aholic! And having my meal come to me "lightly seasoned" is GREAT! 
They have their hearts in every meal!
I absolutely highly recommend this Chickenette! ??????
Rating: 5
Text: What a gem! Great homemade food, spotlessly clean, and friendly staff. The chicken on the outside was made by the owner's daughter as was some of the art in the restaurant. Really enjoyed every aspect of our visit.
Rating: 4
Text: Mixed experience. The service, pie, and fried liver and gizzards were rather good. The fried chicken and mashed potatoes were under seasoned. Charming atmosphere.
