Alamo Drafthouse Cinema
Rating: 5
Text: Where do I start? Friendly and great service.  Awesome location, right in downtown KC next to power and light.  If someone is talking they kick them out!  If your like me and you like to get to the movies early they have clips, related to your movie, to watch while you wait. Some are pretty hilarious! They have events going on all the time. Honestly if you haven't been bc of the price, I understand but you might just have to save up! Trust a movie enthusiast when I say ITS WORTH IT!!!!!
Rating: 3
Text: A fun atmosphere to go see a movie. The seats are comfy and I like the arrangement. The food is about average, I was hoping for something better with the prices, but it was still good. Pretty neat place to go if in you're downtown KC but there are some things that need updated and the prices need to be lowered for me to want to continually come back.
Rating: 2
Text: Got to my seat the movie already started so I would go on the time it says. Me and a lady shared one bottomless drink and one bottomless pop corn, came in a non Togo cup and bowl, so you can't take it with you. I spent half time thirsty even when I finished the first drink by myself. Shouldn't have to wait for a drink at all, not being picky it's the truth. The popcorn arrived with my first drink and it was cold and no extra butter/salt which wasn't the problem, so I ended up getting three refills of pop and no refills of popcorn. Very sad, the staff was okay and seats were decent had very good potential.
Rating: 4
Text: Great place to see a new movie or a special screening! Comfy seats, large screens and some fantastic specialty movies. Plus the bar is fun. 

Stick with ordering the bottomless popcorn and beverages, though. The prices for what you get in the food department are not great. The menu used to be good, but now it's more appealing to eat at the food court at Target.
Rating: 2
Text: A decent experience for a movie theater. I placed a food order with my party and it took 20 mins longer for food than any others. The food was nothing special and a bit of a disappointment. The burger was sloppy and not well made, the fries were on the colder side. And my girlfriends chicken sandwich was very dry with little to no toppings. The drinks are on the small size for the price and not too special. The seats were all cracked and breaking apart and needed reupholstered. The film quality itself was good the audio sounded like something was rattling occasionally but not too noticeable. Be sure to watch where you park. Only certain lots will they validate. 
