Alexander's Steakhouse Peoria
Rating: 2
Text: I have been to a few top rated steak houses with USDA Prime 1 grading and Alexander's in my personal opinion does not stack up to that level. Steaks are sometimes on tough side and cannot cut it but with a very sharp knife. The salad bar is the best in the Peoria area bar none, with fresh items that are refilled constantly. The famous Long Island drink that was their local favorite signature drink, well it's premixed tasting and just sweet with no kick like they used to serve 10 years ago. This used to be my all time favorite place to dine, but not anymore after it's decline in quality in my comparison to other choices now in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: Third time here and it never disappoints. Opted to have my steak cooked for me, but there are large grills so you can cook your own just how you like it, if you prefer. They cook mine to perfection each time so I just let them continue! Excellent salad bar as well. I've had the same server each time and he's just excellent, but all staff seem attentive to their tables. Can't wait for next time. There's a 3lb steak on the menu!!
Rating: 5
Text: This place never fails. Hands down the finest steaks around. Pricey for this area but you get what you pay for. The only negative was having to ask for butter and sour cream and receiving little of either.  No huge deal, I didn't come for the potato.  Salad bar is always well stocked and fresh.  ( Though the greens could stand to be a little less wet )
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place. Stop by a couple times a year for special occasions and I'm never disappointed. The salad bar is top notch and the Long Island iced teas I could live on! They have a grill your own option but you can also ask them to make it any way you want (typically the route I go). Casual, laid back and great food.
Rating: 1
Text: Before going to Alexandra's Steak House, for the first time tonight, I read a bunch of reviews. Most of the reviews where positive. Well I'm guessing for the Peoria area, this is one of the few steak houses, that's not a national chain. With that said, I can honestly say, Alexander's Steak House, is a WASTE of money! I had the 12 ounce Ribeye, as did my wife. It was thin, very fatty, NOT flavorful! We had their "chef" grill the steaks. For that "convince" we where charged  $4.00! What a freaking ripoff! Now we could have grilled them ourselves, and not been changed. If I wanted to grill our steaks, we would have stayed home and grilled! Don't waste your money or time!
