Almost Home Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: The Decour and atmosphere is very pleasant! Food was amazing and service was outstanding. I have eaten here couple times now and have never been disappointed. Servings are abundant, but save room for dessert will you be very disappointed. Definitely an upscale restaurant but worth the added expense.
Rating: 4
Text: The food's pretty good here. It's not my personal favorite but it is a personal favorite of a lot of my family. Sometimes it's nice to sit down with a white tablecloth and act like a civilized human
Rating: 2
Text: Where should I begin....staff was much more interested in the ball game than serving us. We sat with drinks for 20 minutes before anyone took our order. Waitress came up asking if the mixed drinks were ours when she hadn't even took our order yet because she was so preoccupied. Finally ordered and got our appetizer, the artichoke spinach dip. The chips were incredibly stale to the point it hurt to chew them. Dinner came about 15 minutes later which wasn't bad. The strange thing was that there was one other table of people eating while two other people just watched the game. They weren't busy at ALL. Dinner was decent, although I did voice my disappointment a bit in a very passive way. The result was the waitress dwcided to refill my fiances glass with every sip she took and completely ignored me. Seriously. I sat there with an empty glass for the rest of dinner as she avoided me like the plague. I'm typing this as I'm STILL waiting for her to run our card so we can leave with an empty glass and a 25 minute wait after finishing our meal. She's too busy watching the game and after working an 11 hour shift, I just want to get home. Hopefully sometime tonight! Won't be coming back.
Rating: 5
Text: I can't say I've ate much off the menu but what I have ate I throughly enjoyed.  I'm  extremely fond of the broccoli soup. It's just a good overall place to eat with a nice and cozy atmosphere.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice place to hangout. You can enjoy live band music with your drinks.
