Amber Rose Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: A wonderful mom and pop restaurant serving made from scratch Eastern European food. So far, everything I've had at this restaurant has been exceptionally good. Also, a fantastic old time vibe. An added bonus is that the restaurant is listed in Haunted Ohio as a location that is very haunted by several ghosts. Definitely a 5 star experience!
Rating: 5
Text: Everything about this restaurant is fantastic. The food is incredible with German and Eastern European food (there aren't enough places that offer this fare). The service is top notch and the building is historic and provides a great atmosphere. Definitely go here if you are in the Dayton area. I lived in the area for over 20 years and didn't even know about it. I was finally taken here by my father who told me that generations of my family have eaten here. I intend to continue the tradition. 
Rating: 5
Text: WOW! Went there for the Dayton Restaurant Week menu and I was absolutely blown away by the main course. We tried the blueberry ribs and they most definitely did not disappoint in either size or taste. It was a big slab a ribs cooked perfectly with a sweet-tangy bbq sauce that had a hint of blueberry (rather than a blueberry compote or anything heavy like that). The mac and cheese that they were paired with was also incredible!! Ask for a scoop of ice cream to go with the dessert course, so delicious! Also one of the largest wine pours for the price I've ever seen. Looking forward to going again to try their regular menu!
Rating: 1
Text: Dirty kitchen. Nasty staff. Servers are full of themselves and not as great as they think they are! Full of greed and lies! Owner is a clueless,verbal abuser! Women that works upstairs is just in the way with her big butt!! Got riped off when was in training. Got paid server wages with out making tips. The child who trained me had no clue and blamed me for her ignorance! The "Manager"lol!
Rating: 4
Text: I've enjoyed dining at Amber Rose many times. I love their Eastern European and Italian cuisine. The cabbage rolls are my favorite, but the German and Polish sausages are equally delightful. A friend who joined me raved over the beef stroganoff. 

The interior ambience is very appealing,  especially the bar and back-bar, which are simply gorgeous. The bar top is imported Italian marble. The beer selection is not extensive, but satisfactory. 

The only downside is that the open room of the old house produces an unpleasant din. Overall, great dining experience. 
