AMF Town & Country Lanes
Rating: 5
Text: Great bowling alley with affordable prices and great customer service. Several years in a row we celebrated New Year's Eve here with my group of friends, and it was always a great time with great memories. I would recommend them to anyone looking for a good, fun, wholesome activity with family or friends.
Rating: 2
Text: The website said they had $2.50 games on Sunday. I went up there around 1 o’clock. The guy at the counter said that doesn’t start until six. I said I’m sorry I didn’t see that on the website taking blame for miss reading the ad. He then snapped back “well it’s on there!” I wasn’t challenging him. I was acknowledging I may have missed read the ad. I left and came back at six. I walked up to the counter and found out they only had four lanes open at that price because the rest of the alley is full of leagues. Those four lanes are already reserved for people already bowling on them.   I asked the person working who was different this time why they advertise a special when they don’t have any lanes available and she was really rude back. I completely understand that league play is what keeps bowling Alleys open but I wouldn’t have gone up there if I knew there was only four lanes and at the earlier time the person at the counter said nothing about it.
Rating: 4
Text: Helpful peeps. Had some lane probs but staff was quick to fix.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could chose to put -5 stars I would. I have been at this bowling alley for longer than any worker there currently. I have been an employee myself. Aside from that, there are 2 employees that have the common sense to work there. There is a sweet lady who works Sundays for sure named Linda. So helpful even when I see management sitting down eating a burger and fries. Another is Maggie, who is a parent to bowlers and is a kind hearted lady who always checks on you when you need something. With that being said, the only person in management that I can even talk to without dumbing my words down for them is Dan. The other managers cannot run a bowling alley the way it should be. They have made great progress on decorating and fixing the Lanes, but customer service is worth more than the nicest building. I do not respect managers sitting or standing outside blocking doors on numerous occasions blowing smoke into faces as their customers walk into a family friendly building. I do not appreciate bowling in the show me state games and having my lane break down several times, just for the manager to say "we will watch it and make sure that it's actually breaking." I PROMISE IT IS BREAKING. IM THE ONE BOWLING ON IT. I do not appreciate seeing managers, mechanics, or assist managers watching the front desk associates bust their butts just because "it's not their job" to put up bumpers or get drinks. I do not appreciate having the ASSISTANT MANAGER working in the kitchen telling me to not order food because he is 25 orders behind and then serve everybody in line behind me. Just because I am a consistent league bowler does not mean you get to use that against me and walk all over me. I do not appreciate walking up to the bar, when the ASSISTANT MANAGER there, watching him leave when I show up, and not come back to serve me my $6 bottle of beer (he saw me at the bar numerous times). Just because I am a league bowler or consistently go into this building does not mean that I have to wait longer than others, I do not get to be given attitude every time I need something. I am a paying customer, just like everybody else. As for other issues, the new manager Rob is a jerk. If you have ever met him, he thinks he can treat you however he wants to just because he knows you. He belittles workers and old customers. The prices are infrickensane. $6.00 for a single game and $4.00 for shoes. I understand you need to make money but jeez, I would walk out the door if I saw those prices. Personally, I do not come into this place anyone outside of league season so I can get reasonably priced game. $18 for 3 games just to practice for upcoming league, that is not the way to get league bowlers to buy more. It is worth the drive to Moberly or Fulton or even Jefferson City. Cheaper prices, cheaper food, friendlier people. Those bowling allys  might not be as nice as most people want then to be, but better service and cheaper prices are what matter.
Rating: 5
Text: My boyfriend and I went there on 6/17 for our 5 year anniversary because our previous plans fell through. When we got there we were assisted and treated so kindly by a woman named Maggie. She asked us what brought us into AMF Bowling and we told her of our anniversary. It did take some time for her to check on us every once in awhile since we were the only ones in the bar area and we noticed that she was working the bar, the food area and the front desk. Maggie made our evening as special as it could be for us. She was working her butt off at getting us beverages and food, along with assisting everyone else too. I did notice 2 other men working ( or at least had an AMF shirt on) but they were just standing around while she ran all over the place (literally sweating) trying to assist everyone. She really deserves something special for all she did, she even bought us a pitcher of beer to congratulate us!  If it werent for Maggie im sure the service would have been bad. A BIG thank you to Maggie at AMF!!
