Amish Acres Restaurant
Rating: 1
Text: Terrible service last 3 visits! No chicken this last time. What's happened? If you want me and my husband to come back you'll have to to give us 2 free meals to redeem yourself.
Rating: 1
Text: My friend and I did a weekend package that included the dinner. This was our first visit.  Everything was great, wagon ride, tour of Amish home, and the Sister Act play.  However, the dinner  was the worst food we had ever tasted. My friend and I was very disappointed.  The chicken was not done.  The sage dressing was horrible. The ham was old.  Before we got our meal, my friend requested fresh apple butter, because the one one the table was old, so the waitress took the Apple butter from the customer table who had just left and gave it to us, really?  Thank God we had snacks in our room.  We thought that was so unsanitary.  We travel too far to come and get NASTY food.  I do not Think REAL AMISH food is NASTY.  If we ever go back to Nappenee, we will NEVER eat at the restaurant.

Totally Disappointed
9/16/17
Rating: 3
Text: We did the theater dinner package. The show was ok, not great (The Mouse Trap). Dinner was also ok, no great. It's different than it used to be, mashed potatoes were fake, meats were all dry. The bread dressing was very good but that was pretty much it. We probably won't go back. Das Essenhaus has much better food!
Rating: 1
Text: The restaurant had one line that took care of 1) purchases from the store  2) people leaving the dining area  3) people wanting to sign up to enter the dining area.  We were told upon leaving the dining room to stand at the end of the line (after someone else was taken care of just in front of us).  Within a few minutes of standing in line, a customer leaving the dinin g area was checked out then two more were checked out.  Needless to say, we were very irritated.  We had to stand in line for 15 to 20 minutes in order to pay for our meal.  There should be 2 cash registers (one for the store and one for the dining area).  There should also be a separate area to sign up to be seated for dining.  It really spoiled our day.
Rating: 5
Text: Our food was amazing, cooked to perfection!  We were seated promptly and the service was as good as it gets.  Can't wait to go back.
