Anvil Restaurant & Saloon
Rating: 2
Text: Atmosphere is weird as all get out, but the catfish I had was flavorful and crispy. The bar area is decorated with clown memorabilia (that's right, clowns) while the rest of the restaurant is gorgeous, with old, exposed brick and historical pictures of the area. So if you can sit facing away from the bar area, it's almost like you're in a nice little restaurant with a good theme. Service is mediocre, don't expect to receive any items you ask for besides your main course, and you might not receive all of the main course items, either. The owner has reportedly/repeatedly scammed customers out of money, and will often overcharge you for a drink at the bar (like I said, avoid the bar). Overall, the food is acceptable. Onion rings are meh, like all of the onion rings in this town. I'm mostly disappointed that all of the restaurants here have such good prospects and opportunities to be fantastic with wonderful atmospheres, but each restaurant has let me down in a different yet disappointing way. I will probably return, if only for the fact that the only place in town that hasn't disappointed me yet is McDonald's, and a girl can't live off fries alone.
Rating: 5
Text: This place was awesome! The food and service was great.  Descent prices.  Good parking. No waiting for a table,  it was also Saturday afternoon, 4:30pm.
Rating: 4
Text: Every once in a while I get to enjoy a last minute lunch date with my boyfriend and we often pick Anvil because we have such a good lunch there. I never have any complaints about the food! My favs are the onion rings, fried mushrooms, liver dumplings and most definitely the mushroom burger!! Usually good service (occasionally slow but not usually) as well. It is a little pricey compared to most places in town ($35 for our lunch: 2 burgers and an appetizer) and I hate that they don't have Diet Dr Pepper but we continue to go back because it IS good food!!
Rating: 4
Text: Good food and service - not exceptional but certainly enjoyable. Pies were great way to finish off the meal. The onion rings were hyped up a bit too much. They seemed somewhat bland to us. 
Rating: 4
Text: The sirloin steak special was excellent. Bartender was funny. Waitress very attentive. Loved the historic bar and building
