Arcadian Moon
Rating: 4
Text: Absolutely beautiful grounds with water features. Also has a somewhat friendly cat and some geese. There are no dry reds and everything else there is too sweet. The sangria is likely the best wine. Beers are okay, hometown IPA and Brandywine being the best. Does not allow outside food and food there can be pricy.
Rating: 5
Text: I came here for a weekend get a way! Stayed in their suite. Amazing, more than I expected. The atmosphere, hospitality, food, drink was out of this world. I've been to a lot of wineries and this top the list. The staff is so friendly and informative. I'm planning on making this a yearly trip.
Rating: 1
Text: Easily some of the worst beer I’ve ever tried-I couldn’t even finish my flight. Most of the beer, with the exception of the stout, was incredibly under attenuated and flat. The staff were also incredibly clueless about the product they served, and couldn’t tell us anything about the wines they served.
Rating: 1
Text: Flat beer, lots of bug's and everyone is super confused about what they should be doing. Beautiful location and building, but they do a horrible job of utilizing what they have. ALSO, they were out of most of their wines. Cool place crappy experience.
Rating: 2
Text: This post is going to have some good and bad, but mostly good possibility with an overwhelming busy day. Nice ambiance, great location. 

Visited here over the weekend and The food I tried was delicious, so I didn't mind paying the price for it. I was able to sample a little from everybody's plate in my group. 

The wine on the other hand was too much on the syrupy sweet side for me and my lady. We tried the driest wines that they offered and sadly found them very sweet. If you like that disregard. I was disappointed that I was not able to enjoy a glass with my food.

It was terribly busy and the room seemed to fill up fast. It felt like the staff were a little overwhelmed and seemed like they didn't have enough flight glasses to go around. That made people wait too long to taste wine and also congested the tasting room  further. Side note:  not sure how I feel about drinking wine from a shot glass.

If a came back again I could see myself having a good time on a less busy day. I would suggest nix the shot glass flights for wine and possibly add a wine bar outside to spread the people on busy days.
