Ariston Cafe Inc
Rating: 1
Text: I was excited to try this place after reading the good reviews but was thoroughly disappointed.  Everything about the place was good except the food.  The vegetable soup was all tomato other than a small piece of celery here and there with what looked like slices of half a tomato.  It was overly salted to the point I couldn't finish a cup of it.  The salad bar wasn't too bad but the ingredients looked and tasted as though they had been sitting out for quite some time.  For my meal I ordered shrimp with mashed potatoes.  The menu had multiple kinds of shrimp to order and most of them stated they were fried.  I specifically ordered the shrimp that didn't state it was fried and the meal I received was everything it said it was but was also fried.  The meal itself tasted exactly like a frozen shrimp meal you would buy from the frozen food section in Wal-Mart and heat up in the oven.  I tried to finish it but I was unable to.  The mash potatoes were mediocre at best and didn't taste homemade even though they were advertised as such.  The taste was the exact same as the quick mix packets you can by in a store.  When I was done with the meal the waitress brought over a tray containing various desserts to which I declined.  Thought I didn't try the dessert, they looked as though they were the same ones used since the restaurant opened in 1924.  Overall I don't feel the price of $14.00 was very reasonable for what I ate.  The only good thing I can say about the place is that the waitress I had was very good.
Rating: 3
Text: I really wanted to like this place because of the history and small town feel.  Went for the Sunday brunch and the food was good.  Tons of staff on hand running around like crazy not accomplishing much.  No condiments of any kind on tables or buffet so you have to ask for everything from a server.  No extra plates are provided unless you request from a server. I waited longer to pay my bill than to eat the meal.
Rating: 1
Text: The food, service, and atmosphere were okay. The prices were on the high side but reasonable. What I didn't expect was the 30% gratuity that was added to my wife and I's bill, without our permission or knowledge was outrageous!!!!!!!  18% for a party' of 8 was at least printed on the menu. We were blindsided and I think that stinks. The place isn't that great.
Rating: 5
Text: Stopped through on a road trip and had a very tasty catfish dinner and their signature in the house cake for dessert. Lovely people, good food and a true slice of American history. Stop in if you're hungry and you won't be disappointed.
Rating: 5
Text: Good food at reasonable prices in a pleasant environment. The delicious and varied dessert options would rival any restaurant. Wait staff were friendly and efficient. Perfect place to visit on Route 66!
