Arthur Bryant's Barbeque
Rating: 5
Text: Arthur Bryant's is the best BBQ in KC hands down. You get large amounts for very little. Me and two kids eat off of one combo and still have food left for a snack or lunch the next day that's how much food you get. Their beans, slaw and bread. The whole experience is....... you just got to go. ?? Now the only downside is that original sauce do not I repeat do not eat it. The sweet Heat and something rich the other one. But do not eat the original sauce you have been warned. I wish they would just retired that one. But anyways the meat is so good, juicy and flavorful you probably don't even need any sauce. It's so good make sure you grab some napkins you going to need them. ???
Rating: 4
Text: First step to entering the Bryant-Gates debate. Food was good. There was no wait. Great fries. Brisket and pulled pork were good. Had a slab that was tasty. Not the best BBQ ever, but definitely worth the trip and I would eat here again.
Rating: 5
Text: Best burnt ends on the planet.  Good value too!

Update (10/30/2017):  Tried the other famous barbecue spot in Kansas City,  Joe's Smokehouse.  Don't waste your time. AB's wins hands down.  Meat has less smoky flavor.  Portions are smaller.  Sauce isn't as good with fewer options.  Seasoned fries are so seasoned you taste nothing else.  And they're stingy with the pickles!
Rating: 4
Text: One of the big three in KC BBQ. I am faithful to the burnt ends. The wife loves their pulled pork. We order the food to-go but sit in the restaurant anyway. I love the butcher paper bundles in the takeout packages, and it's way more food than I can eat in a sitting. Still reasonable prices, generous portions, and the floors are still (thankfully) slick with grease from all the years.

If only Bryant's could have a little more consistency. It is a hallmark of KC BBQ, and still relevant, but there's several times I've been here and really left disappointed. Despite this, I still come back once in a while. 

The original sauce is not my thing. But the Sweet Heat sauce is excellent. 
Rating: 5
Text: Hey, it's Arthur B's! What's not to love?

Eating here is a must-do! Even if you wind up not liking the food, the atmosphere and tradition of the place alone are worth the visit.  The turkey sandwich is my go-to and it's always tender and moist, with the sauce on the side so I can also dip my fries. Between that smokin' signature sauce, the zing of the pickles, and the authentic flavor of the fries.... It's just always a pleasure!

I definitely recommend eating here. Very few things can bring people together like good food. There is no denying Arthur Bryant's!
