Arthur Bryant's
Rating: 4
Text: Food was good and service was friendly. Fries were pretty good but not spectacular, but the bbq itself is great.

To order, decide what you want from the menu and go to one of the indents in the counter. Ask there, and he will give it to you on a small tray. Slide it down to the register and pay, and seat yourself!

A bit pricey for what it offers, but it does deliver decently well.
Rating: 1
Text: Almost $17 for sandwich, fries, and coleslaw. Went through the drive thru ... Fries were not seasoned and were tasteless but at least they were hot. My sandwich was sliced pork and sliced ham. Both the pork and ham were extremely tough to the point I could barely bite through some portions of the sandwich. My sandwich was simply the sliced meat on white bread that is flavorless and boring for their sandwich. The "original" sauce, on the side, was disgusting. It did not taste like any BBQ sauce I had ever tried before. The coleslaw was acceptable. Portions of this mostly inedible meal were large and the sandwich, fries, and coleslaw could easily feed two people. Overall, I was extremely disappointed. Go anywhere else but this place.
Rating: 5
Text: If you want a great BBQ meal, well here you go. Good eating man, great BIG beef sandwich. Highly recommended.
Rating: 3
Text: I would like this restaurant a lot more if they had table service instead of counter service. I found the staff to be very friendly but a little slow and disorganized. Some of the food was really good, but some was not. My sausage sandwich was huge and very tasty as were the beans. But the fries were soggy and the ribs were not only burnt with very little edible meat on the bones and what was there tasted horrible. There are so many better options for bbq in KC and I will definitely choose one of them next time.
Rating: 3
Text: I've been to this location 4-5 times, each experience has been fairly different. The ribs, though their flavor is pretty good, do not have a lot of meat on them; not the best value for your buck. The BBQ sauces they have are decent, not spectacular. 

The service is awesome though, the staff give you a warm welcoming and do not hesitate to ask if you need anything. Decent BBQ, great service. Better BBQ in St. Louis at Pappy's and Bogart's. 
