Atwater Brewery
Rating: 4
Text: Great beer and delicious food. Great atmosphere for a brewery too. However, the food took forever to come out. Even an order of nachos took like 15-20 minutes. But once we got our food, it was amazing. Fully recommend!
Rating: 4
Text: Good atmosphere and great location. Walking distance to the riverfront, and other nice spots -even Comerica Park if in a good shape and willing to do so after some beers. Staff is friendly and fast. Nice selection of own beers (of course). Food selection is standard, not many different things, although there are some vegetarian options you don’t usually see. Not many pizza options, but tastes great and it comes in a decent size. There are tables outside, like literally on the street which is very nice, and there is also another patio upstairs to enjoy the sun (no food served there, only chips).
I recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: This place was fantastic inside. The rooftop could use some umbrellas. Other than that the service was great and the food outstanding. It wasn't far from hotel by car and probably could've been walked too if you enjoy walking and follow the riverfront. I will definitely be returning here
Rating: 1
Text: The beer was pretty good. Ordered fries, and they never came. The fries that I never received were still on the bill though...lol
Rating: 5
Text: A great find while in our three-month tour of the United States. Atwater Brewery the food was excellent, make sure you try the Vegan broccoli wings and the Falafel sandwich and for dessert make sure you also try the Brownie with ice cream it is to die for!! Location is perfect you can walk to the Waterfront in 3 minutes and then take a longer walk along the waterfront with the Canada border in your view.  Parking is next door and easy to access, even with a 35 foot RV.  Mark the owner, Walter the manager, and Jessica our waitress were phenomenal!! service was Excellent!! and our experience was Awesome!! There is also outdoor seating if you have any lets with you. Will recomend to friends and locals to visit and will visit again. 
