Auburn Hills Marriott Pontiac
Rating: 4
Text: Other than a small glitch in our conference room reservation, my group of 25's stay was great. Very nice hotel with great location. Staff was friendly. Rooms were big and clean.
Rating: 3
Text: Great lounge, great pool... But it's very noisy place. Lots of sounds through out the night from passing cars to other guests walking down the hall. Will not stay again. The staff only became friendly after they realized our status. I guess we will try the courtyard next time.
Rating: 3
Text: I called ahead three times to make sure that my room would be available for late check in (after midnight). I was delayed, and ended up not arriving until after 2 a.m. The lobby was filled with what appeared to be intoxicated party goers from the hotel bar. Someone was giving the front desk a hard time which delayed my check in even further. Once I checked in, I went to the shop to purchase toothpaste. They did not have any available for sale, but the front desk attendant had some complimentary packs available. I got to my room which I felt was too warm. I turned the A.C. down to 65 (the lowest available setting), but the room never cooled to my satisfaction. It was 3 o'clock by the time I finally got in the bed, and I was exhausted. But when I woke up, the bedding didn't look clean at all. The bathroom was also dusty, and in need of new fixtures. The bathroom door was dirty or appeared to have makeup smeared on it. Two of the hangers in my closet were broken, but useable. There were a satisfactory amount of toiletries available, as well as a satisfactory amount of outlets. When I called to request a late check out, the person who answered the phone said that I could check out at one, rather than noon, but that my key would still be deactivated at noon. I ended up getting a new key from Daniel at the front desk, who was probably the most helpful person I encountered during my stay. One gentleman offered to help me with my bag when I was leaving. I believe that he was part of the housekeeping staff. Everyone I encountered seemed friendly and upbeat, just not necessarily helpful. The only one who wasn't friendly or upbeat was the gentleman who checked me in on Saturday night/ Sunday morning. I would like to thank Jessie for being so helpful the third time I called.  I stayed here while in Pontiac for a wedding. I probably would not return to this location if I had to pay full price. 
Rating: 5
Text: My second Marriott in two weeks that has undergone the M Lounge makeover. Very nicely done. The staff is top notch. Rooms are excellent. Food in lounge was good.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay. Although, cell phone calls from room seem to receive interference from nearby power lines. That doesn't seem right.
