Aussie Jack's
Rating: 1
Text: I love stopping here when I travel. Tonight I walked in from a long day on the road to sit down at the bar to grab a bite and the young lady "greets" me with the following:

Her: what are you drinking?

Me: how's it going tonight?

Her: what are you drinking?

Me: how's it going tonight?

Her: what do you want to drink?

Me: no pleasantries first?

Her: no, I want to know what you want to drink.

Me: well if you're going to be rude then I'll take my business elsewhere 

Her: not being rude sir, I just want to make sure I get you that drink 

Me: no thanks, I'll go eat somewhere else if this is how you treat people 

When someone asks how you are doing it's polite to respond with something as simple as "fine." She was blatantly rude and made it a point to ignore my greeting. Small stuff like that goes a long way with me. I will probably never go back there again. I understand this is a military town and there are probably young guys coming in being obnoxious hitting on everything with a pulse, but I was being polite and I do not feel I was treated respectfully.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is worth writing home about!! The food was seasoned to perfection. We order crab cakes and catfish. The portions were filling and enough to take and get filled again. Our waitress name was Dominic and she was a delight!!! She wasn't overbearing but just right we didn't have to ask for anything she met our needs. Very Genuine. Thanks for such a great experience at such a late hour (We came in 10 min before they closed)
Rating: 4
Text: Went here for the first time and we were quite surprised. The waitress was extremely friendly quick to get drinks and food out. My husband ordered a burger, I ordered the catfish, and a children’s chicken fingers. My catfish was perfect and a huge portion, my husband’s burger was good but nothing special, and the chicken fingers were a little dry but good. I think the other negative thing was that our waitress didn’t bring out bread to us like the tables all around us.
Rating: 5
Text: Take this with a grain of salt we showed up at 11:15 when they opened and the  place was empty. Waitress was friendly she gave honest recomendations. chicken wings are okay need more meat on them but tasty.  The crab cake was average at best.  That chicken sandwich was fire juicy and delicious.  If the quality holds during peak hours I'd come here all the time. 
Rating: 5
Text: Food was great. Atmosphere was great. Only four people working with several tables. Service took a bit of time but it was understandable since there were 4 pepole working. Overall it was a great experience
