Avenues Bistro-Brookside
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice place. Brunch Sunday is excellent. Unlimited drinks for$10.00-Mimosa, bloody Mary, Bellini, Bistro Breeze and Pomegranate something.   Order an entree to go and fill up at the buffet- people were doing this. Less than$15., go early 1/2 price. Food is excellent
Rating: 2
Text: Mom and I went on  recommendation from a family member. We waited   short time and were seated. And that was the issue. No service at all for 7 min. So I asked the young lady that sat us could we get water and coffee. Now several employees made eye contact but no one acknowledged we were there until I asked. Then it was another few minutes befor our waiter said anything to us. So not  good experience. We left without even having been offered water. Not good at all!
Rating: 1
Text: 100% the worst service I've ever had at a restaurant.  Refills took 15-20 minutes while the server took care of everyone around us.  Even the manager was rude when we asked for help.  My food was wrong, my husband's was cold and we would have said something but we couldn't get service.  At one point we ordered a round and she only brought 2/3 drinks.  When she dropped them off she asked if the person sans drink wanted one.  Ironically they are the one who ordered the whole round!  I find your happy hour slogan hilarious considering the manager told us there was a drink limit when she refilled our Bellini glasses for the first time after we had been in the restaurant for an hour. 

I wouldn't recommend anyone visit this restaurant.  Try any where else with brunch.  ANYWHERE.
Rating: 5
Text: I've been here about 8 times. I come back because the food is outstanding and the service is excellent! The drinks are creative and wait staff always recommend items that I sincerely like. 

I've had the pork chops. Salmon. Lobster ravioli, chicken and numerous sides and small plates. The bread pudding us a must for dessert. 

Great neighborhood restaurant even though we drove 30 minutes to eat here !
Rating: 3
Text: We went for desserts. The chocolate cake was good, and the bread pudding was okay.  Quickly served.
