Back 40 Junction Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: My wonderful son treated us to dinner.
Where to start? The vegetables are provided by, three, local, Amish farms.
The mashed potatoes had tiny little lumps in them.
Being Saturday night, it is BBQ night. Brisket, pulled pork, ribs, chicken, turkey and prime rib. 
Salad bar, bread bar fresh yeast rolls with, cinnamon butter and APPLE BUTTER, banana bread,and orange bread.
Whats for Desert? I'm glad you asked.
Apple pie, bread pudding with either vanilla cream or rum sauce, butterscotch pie, cherry delight, apple crisp, sugar free cherry pie, peach cobbler, hard dip ice cream and sherbet.

Did I mention that everything is made fresh, from scratch on the premises? Well I guess I just did.

Come hungry. If you leave hungry, well there is something wrong with you.

I highly recommend that you eat dessert first.
Rating: 4
Text: Always enjoy this place. Have been 20+ times as I travel through for work. Not a big buffet fan as the food is generally not that great, but the food here is pretty good. Plenty to choose from. Atmosphere is really unique. Recommend to at least try if in the area. Probably the best restaurant in town (now).
Rating: 4
Text: Good home cooked food on an all you can eat buffet. Prime rib, roast beef, ham, rolls, salad bar, some cheeses, potatoes, chicken, and many desserts. Weekends they have crab cakes, crab legs, and you peel shrimp. Overall excellent food. I'd give it a 5 star if the price was a little more reasonable. The atmosphere is a setting back in time so it's fun to look at all the stuff if it's not too crowded.
Rating: 5
Text: This place has a special place in our hearts. The amount of great food, atmosphere, and great staff is one of the reasons we keep coming back time and time again. This place has so much history built into it, there is always something to look at or learn.
Rating: 5
Text: If you like either trains, life sized carved wood art, vintage signs, or good food and great service.  You should stop and enjoy this and much more in their impressive mortise and tenon architectural styled restaurant.
