Baker Street Steakhouse
Rating: 3
Text: Went out for drinks and dessert for my boyfriends birthday. Our server was less than attentive. Did not offer us a dessert menu as well as not offering us all the desserts available. Then forgot to put in my boyfriends order... another server checked on us more than our actual server...and it was not a busy night. Martini's were good. It would have been nice if the quality of service matched the price you pay at this restaurant.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is awesome!  Baker Street has been my favorite restaurant for several years now.  Every menu item and weekly feature I've tried has been delicious.  But where they truly excel is in service and hospitality.  The kitchen seems happy to accommodate special requests and I love taking advantage of this feature.  Whether you're on a restricted diet or want to try something new, not found on the menu, you can feel confident Baker Street will do everything they can to serve you something special.  They already have a wide selection of excellent desserts (my favorite is the carrot cake).  But I recently started ordering special desserts in advance, and have been so amazed that I will definitely continue to do so.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food, great service. My wife and I got engaged there and the staff made it a very special night. They brought out a free dessert and had written WILL YOU MARRIED ME,in Carmel on the plate. Have reservations for tomorrow night. Highly recommend, fair prices too !!
Rating: 5
Text: Phenomenal food and excellent service are the norm here. Everything I've had is good. Martini Monday martinis are $5. If you like steak try the prime rib (not on the menu). Highly recommended!
Rating: 2
Text: Very over priced for quality. Spent 100$ for just myself. True I had 3 drinks but the one drink was watered down. Steak was avg for a place of this caliber. Service was a little slow. House salad was very sub par. Seriously, a better salad and more flavorfull mashed potatoes would helpa bit. Overall, will not go back.
