Basta Pizzeria Ristorante
Rating: 5
Text: AWESOME Italian food. The best tomato bisque I’ve ever had and the pasta was excellent. Seriously was good but it did take too long to get my first beer. The quality of the food made up for it though. Will definitely go again next time I’m in Iowa City.
Rating: 5
Text: The food was presented amazingly and by a very kind waitress who was impressively good at keeping all of her tables in check and making sure her customers are good to go. The food itself was delicious. We had ordered 2 pizzas, meatballs, and a chicken sandwich between four people, and all of it was delicious to everyone. Having the wood stove oven right there in the shop led for a beautiful display as to how our pizzas were made. One of my companions had stated that he had the best meatballs ever at an authentic Italian restaurant. First time eating here and next time I'm in town for the Journalism conference, I'm eating here again. 
5 stars to you!
Rating: 4
Text: Delicious pizza in a very cute atmosphere.  Great place with friends or a date.  No trouble getting in, even on a Hawkeye game day.  Would definitely go back.
Rating: 3
Text: Honestly, this is a difficult review for me to write. Basta has many good things on their menu. Most of the appetizers are pretty good (their Italian sausage stuffed dates are so good), their pizza is very good (although I like to get the uncommon varieties), and their calamari salad is one of the best salads I've ever had. BUT, their pasta is junk. I've had maybe 5 different varieties of pasta at Basta and they all had problems. I had a four cheese pasta that tasted like gas station mac n cheese. I had the bolognese and it was one of the most oversalted pasta dishes I've ever had at a restaurant. Did anyone even taste it before putting it on the plate? I had a mushroom and sausage special over orecchiette that was just bland as hell. I make better pasta than these people. An expensive Italian place without good pasta... I can't in good conscience give it a good review even though there are other things on the menu that I like.
Rating: 5
Text: It's a very nice Italian restaurant. Pizza is great, personally I'd prefer coal fired oven, but wood is also very good. Very clean, nice atmosphere, fast service, friendly servers. Prices are on the "heavy" side, but all in all it's a great place. You should definitely give it a try. 
