Baumgartner's Cheese Store and Tavern
Rating: 5
Text: Didn't realize that you wanted a cheese sandwich?  Well, you do!
Came here last year with friends, and while camping on the Mississippi, just the memory of the sandwich convinced us to drive 90 minutes there for another visit.
Hard salami with Swiss on rye.  Pair it with a nice malty beer.
Rating: 5
Text: Agree with all others it seems..Baumgartner's is The Bomb!gartner's.

This place does simple and straight forward better than any. Simply good food. Simply prepared and simply presented. Italian beef sand, hot dog, chili dog, cheese sandwich, hard salami n cheese sand..all spot-on! Add house mustard of your choice. And don't miss the comfort of the soups or 2nd best chili! Good tap beer selection and check the current "break-even bottle" pour if you have a designated driver. The store offers a nice selection of local cheeses and beer. Great destination atmosphere & well kept. Give a dollar for the ceiling and a good cause. Fast, friendly, no nonsense service.

You can pay with a CC, but, NOT tip..HAVE ca$h for the tip!

9.28.17 updated...Remains the singularly wonderful destination in Monroe.
Rating: 4
Text: On the Cheap

Walked into this little tavern for a quick bite. Thank goodness for being a single tourist because the bartender found a spot for me at the bar despite the crowd. I noticed the patrons having fun  with hoots of laughter as attempts to throw money on the ceiling and make it stick kept the joint hopping. (The money goes to charity)
The menu is very simple; cold sandwiches to the left, hot ones on the right. They claim to have the 2nd best chili in the world. I went for a cup of tomato and basil soup that had what I believe was ravioli in it. Either way, it was very good. Later I added a soft salami and thick Swiss cheese sandwich which is made on Rye bread. When the waitress suggested that I use the Sweet and Nicely Hot Mustard (yes, that's its name) I was skeptical. Oh, my goodness. It gave the sandwich the right amount of kick to chow it down with delight.
Overall: This was so worth the stop after visiting the National Historic Cheesemaking Center.
Rating: 5
Text: Great sandwiches, chili, and cheese. The chili is famous, but was not quite spicy enough for me personally (great flavor though). Had the corned beef sandwich with brick cheese. Did not disappoint in the least. Friendly service and quickly prepared food.
Rating: 5
Text: Stop reading and go here NOW. Great classic deli with VERY reasonable prices. Great beers on tap at reasonable prices. GREAT service from everyone I’ve encountered here. A++
