Baylee Jo's Barbecue
Rating: 3
Text: We ate here Friday evening (during rush) and Saturday afternoon (we were the only customers for a while). The food both times deserves a 5 ??, but the service is severely lacking and I would give it a 1?? After Saturday.

 Friday evening was understandable, our server was obviously trying her best, she was friendly, and as accommodating as she could be while trying to take care of too many tables. 

 On Saturday afternoon slow service was absolutely ridiculous. When we arrived the two tables that were occupied were both eating and finished before we had our drink order taken. Once we were given our drinks and placed an appetizer order we waited around 20 minutes and our server finally came back to check on us not realizing she hadn't taken our order yet, we also asked about our appetizer at this point and received it about 10 minutes later. After my wife had her first beer (the bartender had to bring because our server wasn't of age) she had to walk to the bar for her next two beers. Our drinks went empty several times during our visit and I had to carry them to the bar for refills. 
The Saturday visit ended up being an hour and forty four minutes with only a couple tables to take care of. 
Seriously good food with seriously lacking service.
Rating: 3
Text: Arrived on Saturday at 5:15, order taken at 5:30. We did not receive our appetizers until 6:30, then our meals at 6:35. We had to physically ask our server for drink refills. Our server basically ignored us. The other servers appeared to be on top of their game, but ours  (the older one) was dragging her feet and had no personality. As for ticket Time, I think our server may have forgotten to put our order in. The food was absolutely phenomenal. Seafood was fresh and prepared extremely well. BBQ was fantastic as well. If they trained their servers and got the ticket times down this place would be amazing. 
Rating: 5
Text: Great service and food! The ribs were my favorite and their sweet tea is just the right sweetness for me. Not too sweet like a lot of places. I would highly recommend Baylee Jo's!
Rating: 5
Text: Came here after a long day of driving. My wife loved it, kids loved it, and I loved it. Service was fast and friendly. The food was Amazing! I had all you can eat shrimp and they kept it coming fast and fresh. Kids had grilled cheese.  My wife had the bbq and liked it so much we bought some sauce.  My son's was served on a frisbee and it is currently flying around the hotel. I only wish this place wad local for us.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food, quick service, and very affordable. Their patio is dog friendly and they brought out a bowl of ice water when they saw we had a dog with us. Can't recommend the green beans enough!
