Benihana
Rating: 3
Text: We typically love this place, and don't get me wrong the food is good. However last night my husband was extremely irritated by the long wait. It doesn't take 2 hrs to prepare grilled food for 6 people. Our cook was nice enough, but super slow in our opinion. I mean we already have to wait around that grill for our cook to get there anyway so all of the extra entertainment we really don't need or want at this point. We're already entertaining ourselves so get on with it already and cook the food so that we can eat and get out of there.
Rating: 1
Text: Benihana used to be good. Now it seems like the managers are ruining what was once a pleasurable dining experience to make the restaurant more profitable. The first time we went there and were served a little plastic container of the garlic butter will be the last. What are we supposed to do with this? It only makes the food taste good when it is cooked and melted over things like the shrimp, lobster, etc. The least they could do is serve it in a dish, but no. Even the cook was given carefully measured amounts of this critical ingredient for the fried rice. In the end everything ended up tasting bland compared to our previous visits over the past 10 years or so. And the prices are still expensive. Not worth it, and we will definitely not return for it. They may change it back to what it once was, though I doubt it, and we may never know because we won't be dining there any more -- birthday discount or not.
Rating: 2
Text: We made a reservation and were seated in a reasonable amount of time. Our server and chef were VERY friendly!! =) Unfortunately, any meat served at our table that wasn't steak was WAY overcooked. I had to just sit there and watch my shrimp and scallops turn to rubber sitting on the grill. It made me sad.

***edit: wrote the original review before leaving the restaurant. 2 of the 4 people in our group started feeling ill before we had even made it home and a third person got sick not long after.
Rating: 5
Text: The food was delicious. I always love their sushi and their drinks are so worth it and made beautifully. I always enjoy watching the chefs as they cook the food.
Rating: 1
Text: Went there for a typical bday dinner with my family. I had a coupon which didn't have a barcode on it (didn't know to check for it and it was sent to me that way). Annoyed that this was brought to my attention after the meal but not their fault.

Then a gift certificate couldn't be redeemed. Didn't really get an explanation but at that point I was kind of over everything. The manager did give me two free meals on the house but with lackluster slow service (from our server and chef) I don't think we'll return. Which sucks because I use to love this place!
