Bernardi's II
Rating: 2
Text: Not a fan. The spaghetti sauce was worse than most called and the room was weirdly set up. The live band was nice though
Rating: 2
Text: The alleged marinara was too sweet and pasta was terribly overdone for an "Italian" restaurant. Sausage was good, though, but that was it.  We won't be going back.
Rating: 2
Text: My two friends and I sat at the bar, nice decor, clean, quiet atmosphere.  No problems at all with the service, either.  The bread was all air, no crustiness, chew or flavor.  The "Parmesan" cheese comes from the off brand, green container and olive oil is Walmart quality.  I ordered the Chicken Asiago.  The chicken was properly cooked and topped with a poorly made herb/cheese crust.  It was extremely dry, and the herbs were overpowering. The fettuccine alfredo was pretty rough as well.  Does anyone know how to cook pasta any more?  Precooking pasta before use is lazy and ruins the final product. The sauce was a cornstarchy, flavorless paste.  My friend ordered the fried ravs and cheesy garlic bread, both served with a meat sauce for dipping.  The sauce reminded me so much of Chef Boyardee.  So bad. $7 for four pieces of bread with cheese on top? I feel bad for people who think this is good Italian food.
Rating: 3
Text: Kind of pricey unless you hit the restaurant on Thursday buffet. 
Food is decent. Fried chicken is good. Tortellini dinner is a rather small serving, but the sauce is flavorful - strong beef / oregano flavor ( not sweet.). If you're fond of sweeter tomato-based sauces, this might disappoint; I've always loved their family sauce, however. Soda (supposedly Pepsi) tasted weird - almost like cherry Pepsi. Very heavy on syrup - hard to believe it was Pepsi. 

Interior is nice. All things said, though, I think I prefer their cousin restaurants in Toluca - more quiet, more quaint, and if memory serves me, better pricing.
Rating: 5
Text: Dinner  was very good.  Service was excellent and the birthday  coupon was just a added bonus. Thanks  for making my birthday extra special ?
