Biancke's Restaurant
Rating: 2
Text: Not impressed. Don't go within an hour of closing. Your food choices are limited and difficult to get service. Servers are busy doing closing duties. Catfish was wonderful. Jumbo shrimp was over cooked, took breading off and it left an icky film in my mouth. Baked potato was very dried out. After reading the other reviews I was left feeling disappointed.
Rating: 1
Text: I dont beleive they deserve this one star but given I had to give them that to write a review. Terrible service. Actually no service! When I walked in the door there was no one to greet me or even anyone in sight. After seating myself with my mother who had been waiting for me I then waited 25 minutes before walking out the door with no one even offering  to take my order the entire time. Not to mention my mothers empty coffe mug that was also needing refilled. I will not be returning and I will gladly take my service where it is wanted.
Rating: 3
Text: Biankes is a great local place for home cooked food. I do enjoy their food and their prices are fair. I didn't have a great experience recently. I say at a table for almost 20 minutes before our waitress even took our drink order, when a group that came in after us, received their drinks already and their food order was in. Took almost an hour for food to get delivered. Wasn't too overly busy either. Not sure if we just caught them on a bad day, but it was def not their best day. Restaurant is good other than this day.
Rating: 5
Text: Just had lunch here and it was a wonderful experience. The food was delicious and generously portioned, the history of the establishment is interesting, and the staff was all very friendly. Highly recommend this restaurant.
Rating: 5
Text: Like travelling back in time and experiencing everything that was good about the 1940's and 50's in America.  Simple and fresh (and DELICIOUS) foods, witty and friendly staff, comfortable and homey environment.  Just a cool place to go, if you're ever on the bourbon trail or traversing the backroads of Kentucky.
