Bistro On Main
Rating: 5
Text: I always try to find Italian restaurant when out of town. Bistro totally met all my expectations. Great service, food & wine was great, friendly staff.  I'll Definitely go back.
Rating: 5
Text: From Cincinnati, visiting relatives, ate here 9/26/17, a Saturday, during dinner rush. It was one of those ultra-rare experiences where the meal (and whole experience) was perfect.
The server (Vicki) was outstanding, friendly, but better, knowledgeable. 
I took her advice and ordered the house strip steak with garlic and cream sauce. Was sceptical when it arrived, it was 4" thick through the center cut, nevertheless, it was perfectly cooked all the way through (medium). The sauce was every bit as good as it sounded. My favorite part was ALMOST the garnish, baby asparagus cooked to  crispy, delicious perfection.
I forgot the appetizers and soup. The tomato bisque is as good as every review says it is (would eat it every day if I lived in Findlay).
The deviled eggs with candied bacon sounded experimental, turned out to be homey and uber-edible, disappeared so fast it seemed as if they were stolen.
Others at the table raved about the various Italian dishes they had, they seemed to enjoy theirs as much as I did mine.
Not a drinker, but the vinophiles at the table loved the (suggested) zinfandel. 
Was a fantastic meal, the best dinner out I've  had this year.
There weren't any negatives, but to avoid being over-enthusiastic, I will say the wait for dinner clearly indicates that Saturday  evening is a peak rush here, something that is totally understandable. The place has a wonderful ambience, sitting there with friends, chatting, is hardly a "chore".
I will find ways to sneak in a couple extra trips to Findlay now, cause the Bistro is a real draw. 
Of course: Any "perfect" meal is part good fortune. But it is clear that at this restaraunt, they work hard enough that they make their own luck, and their luck is excellent.
Definitely worth a stop, even if you are just headed by Findlay on the Intetstate. 
Pretty downtown location with lots of on street parking close. Think there are garages available as well, but didn't have to fight for a spot nearby (Findlay is not "overcrowded").


Rating: 4
Text: Great food, good variety, quality ingredients. Not quite worth the price... Especially at dinner. Their drinks are definitely worth it though! Fantastic selection. 
Rating: 3
Text: Good. Grumpy wait staff. I've always liked the place. Too bad our waitress needed sleep  or something.
Rating: 5
Text: 
We have been back in Ohio for Christmas and came here for lunch. The only way to describe the food was amazing. I got to sample four dishes and each one was great.  Great beer, wine, and speciality cocktails.
