Black Pearl Ann Arbor
Rating: 5
Text: It's become my go to spot in Ann Arbor lately. I've visited the place 3 times in the last 4 months for dinner and have been seated almost immediately, despite the place looking near full to capacity. The wait staff is courteous and knowledgeable about what's on the menu and what tastes great. Food is phenomenal, especially the caramel apple salmon. And the Cocktails are delicious, especially the Cajun corpse reviver (spicy  as hell) and the lychee. Highly recommended place!
Rating: 4
Text: Food was good and of high quality. Drinks were delicious and strong. Atmosphere was nice and chill. Service was okay. We will return though.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice bar - restaurant in Ann Harbor. Cocktail menu is amazing! Foods too! With great terrasse and very good music ! Once of THE best place for cocktails and others. Go there with close eyes ?. 

Now why - 1?..... Advertisement is "Martini bar" but they use vermouth!!! Dry martini don't have same taste with it ?. On 3 times in this area, 1 time girl who place people was sad face ?. Not good attitude when you have job with customers. 

Maybe I'm rude but be sure than black pearl "vermouth bar" ? is in my top 3 of cocktail bar in Ann Harbor. 

Big thanks to black pearl team for all. I'LL BE BACK.... 
Rating: 3
Text: This place is definitely overrated. Our services was meh. The waitress wasn't very enthusiastic but she wasn't rude. The drink menu left quite a bit to be desired. The appetizers were ok. The crab and avocado toast was bland. The beef tips were good. The 3 clams on a bed of salt is hardly something to get excited about, although they did taste good. We all ended up ordering the Pasta Gone Bayou. This was underwhelming at best. The flavor wasn't horrible but we definitely expected more seafood and sausage.  We all took our dishes home to spice them up and add more of what we expected.  The pseudo-techno music playing in the background was annoying and didn't seem to fit the atmosphere.  I probably won't be back because it certainly wasn't worth the money we paid. But I'm sure they aren't concerned because plenty of other patrons seem to really enjoy the restaurant.
Rating: 5
Text: High top tables and bar atmosphere on the inside. Medium sized patio out front.
The food is delicous. You should eat the fish tacos. You don't have to love fish to enjoy them. Be ready for very light heat and an abundance of flavors. 
The bar is very well stocked. Can't go wrong for drinks and food.
