Blue Sky Cafe & Bar
Rating: 5
Text: Neighborhood Bar and Grill, handy for me I live 3 blocks away. Friendly atmosphere, TVs available so you can watch your gavorite game. Great food selection. Daily dinner specials.
Rating: 5
Text: I've literally never had a bad meal here in over 75 visits! We enjoy the unique Martini's so much, one of our group has their name on the wall! They carry a rotating variety of local and national beers and the mixed drinks are always poured heavy.

The appetizers are outstanding, my favourite are the pretzels. You can't go wrong with any of the main courses. Salads are huge, sandwiches are tasty and fresh, flat bread pizzas are an exciting diversion from the local pizza style.

The wait staff here is excellent and deserve all the recognition in the world. Ask for Torrie if you're there Friday night or Saturday!
Rating: 1
Text: Food was good, although we didn't get the sides we ordered. When we received our bill, gratuity was included. We had 3 meals and 2 kids meals. I was initially irritated that the waitress never mentioned gratuity was included. Fortunately, we had checked our bill and noticed it. Ok, fine. When presented with the receipt to sign, it specifically said, "gratuity 0."  The worst part of the entire experience was the manager's attitude when I pointed this out. It was just awful. She took all of my copies and walked off. Buyer be ware and we will be reporting them to the attorney general's office.  
Rating: 2
Text: My wife and I went there for dinner around 8pm on a Friday night for our first time dining there. Several people were in the bar area, about 3 tables full in the dinning area, and about 8 tables outside on the patio. Food was good especially the pulled pork nachos. Service was the downfall, waitress was visibly stressed and was rushing to do several things but I believe she took on more than she could handle that evening. We never even got offered a refill of waters and had to wait 10 minutes just for a different waitress to get our credit card to pay the bill. We might go back to try it again some other time but am hesitant to go anytime soon after this encounter. 
Rating: 5
Text: I was attending a pub crawl last night and want to commend my waitress Tatum for outstanding service despite seeing that she was clearly keeping up with a large amount of people in and out of this establishment and some unruly people as well.                I will definitely be returning
