Blueberry Hill
Rating: 4
Text: Blueberry Hill is a St. Louis classic and a great place for a beer and a live show.  The food is always good and the nostalgic decor makes it a fun place for just about anyone.  

I've always enjoyed Blueberry Hill, but it's hard to escape the feeling that if you're on the Delmar Loop there's just better food and service to be had elsewhere.
Rating: 4
Text: Went for a show in the Duck Room, Had a meal before, upstairs.  The meal was great.  Burger was tasty, good buns, good appetizers/fries/sides.  Atmosphere is like no other, it's like a Mecca for awesomeness. 

The Bad:  The bar in the duck room is not good.  Beers all tasted skunked, both the bottled and tap.  The bar down there really could use an overhaul.  Would be 5 stars if not for that.

Wont judge a business by its neighborhood, but the loop has a lot of problems so be careful out there.
Rating: 5
Text: Came here for a work lunch. We were able to get the Pacman room which has its own little game system in there! Pretty good food with vegan and veggie options, and great options for beer and drinks.
Rating: 3
Text: I have heard a lot of different people recommend Blueberry Hill and I was always curious to try it. We stopped in right around 12:30pm and it wasn't super busy. 

Honestly, for all of the hype, it was a pretty mediocre experience. It's a nice atmosphere but the food isn't "to die for" and there were some kind of weird up charges. I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato and asked for fries instead of chips and it was a $2.50 up charge. My friend asked for a cup of ranch and it was a dollar upcharge. It wasn't a huge deal, but it was a little bit off off-putting for there to even be an additional charge at all for a cup of ranch. It seemed kind of chintzy to me. 

I think I would give this place the benefit of the doubt and say that maybe the middle of the day isn't the time to visit. I'm assuming that people come here for the atmosphere and the live music later on at night and not necessarily for the food. We flipped a coin to decide whether to go to Blueberry Hill or Fitz's. I kind of wish that we had tried Fitz's.

 All in all, I think I would come back here later on at night and give it a second try to see the live music. But for coming here during the day, I think that a 3 out of 5 stars pretty much sums up my experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome sauce if you like shrimp then you'll be hooked after you try the popcorn buffalo shrimp(good portions). The burgers are delicious too.
