Blue Springs Cafe
Rating: 5
Text: Must have cash on hand when you go here but they do have a ATM if you need it. Tried it out for the first time ever yesterday and I really enjoyed it. Their fried chicken is very crispy and just right! Their ribs are fall of the bone! And their homemade sausage is very good! It's a home style diner and I would definitely recommend this place. I'm sure I will be back to try other items on their menu. By the way, I also had their banana meringue pie and it was good. Never had meringue before.
Rating: 5
Text: The fried chicken is absolutely amazing here and the lasagna might be the best lasagna I've ever had. I wasn't wild about the mashed potatoes but at least they were real potatoes and not packaged. We tried the banana meringue and the coconut meringue and they were both delicious. Cute homey place as well!
Rating: 4
Text: The atmosphere was very old timey and cute. We were on a 14 hour drive and saw the sign for foot-high pie so we had to stop. Their bathrooms were very unique. Due to the small stall they made the toilets diagonal giving you plenty of room. The food smelled delicious but we only got the pie. I got the blackberry pie and they gave me a good sized slice, plus the pie contained actual blackberries. Some of the best pie I have had. We are planning on stopping here next time we are around there for actual food.
Rating: 3
Text: Service was wonderful, helpful and bright. A good down home atmosphere with locals and travelers alike. There food was, okay. Good for travel for but I would not go out of my way as a dedication for it. The pie on the other hand was wonderful and fresh, certainly worth the stop. I did dock a whole star for being cash or check only with very poor signage to indicate this. There is an ATM at the front of the restaurant, but that does not excuse this very lacking amenity.
Rating: 5
Text: This place has awesome home cooked food..and they definitely give you plenty for the prices.. the home made pies were amazing..and the people were very friendly.. no complaints here.
