Blues City Deli
Rating: 5
Text: There was a line out the door, but don't let that deter you from waiting. It is well worth your wait and your money. The aesthetic is awesome (southern Louisiana feel), the price is right, and they offer fast and friendly service. Plenty to brag about this local shop. They offer a plethora of St. Louis staples in house on top of their famous deli sandwiches. They have an avid fan in me!
Rating: 5
Text: Blues City Deli sandwiches have a generous portion of meat that tastes great.  My personal favorite is the Turkey Supreme with the homemade honey mustard  served on a pretzel bun.  I picked up my co-worker a Sloppy Steve and he was still talking about it the next day.  They are generally quick with the service but during the weekday lunch hour you can easily lose ten minutes standing in line and ten minutes waiting for the sandwich but it is worth it. The entire place has a Blues, Folksy music atmosphere, hence the name.  If you are local, eat there once a week and try something new every time.  
Rating: 5
Text: Best place for lunch. Fast service. Always great food. Wish I could make it there on Thursdays though, I hear the band's that are the best.
Rating: 5
Text: Things to know:
1. My Giovanni Special sandwich is one of THE best sandwiches I have ever had. See that big chunk of white stuff? Fresh mozzarella baby, and the olive salad the owner suggested to add along was amazing. 
2. Only street parking, so be prepared to walk if it's during the week.
3. We were there today about 1230 for lunch (12.28) and thought we had missed the rush. Nope. By the time we were done eating, the line was out the door and about 30 people long. However, it moves fairly quickly w/two cashiers.
4. Pepsi AND Coke products!
5. One restroom, make sure you lock the door or it could be awkward.
6. Small dining room, but we shared a table with a couple of nice folks. Plus, they turn over quickly and there was a girl wiping them down as someone left. 
7. Seating outside.
8. Owner was very cool in helping me make my decision on what to eat.
9. My husband's pastrami was bomb but it was grilled in a panini press, surprisingly good. 
10. COOLEST. CORNER. JOINT. EVER.
Rating: 4
Text: Great sandwiches!! That’s why this place is so busy! If you’re ordering for a group of people for lunch. Order before 10 and pick t up before they open at 11. If you go around 11-1 there will be a line going out the door! Definitely worth it!
