Blue Sushi Sake Grill
Rating: 4
Text: Hands down the best spot for sushi in Omaha. Large selection of unique (and delicious) rolls, and some of the best appetizers in town- blue balls are a must have in this case! While the food is always on point, and the atmosphere is nice, the service can be a little bit and miss.. For the most part it is generally good, but I have had mediocre service once or twice. Still, I highly recommend giving this place a try!
Rating: 3
Text: I used to go here at least once a week. When I first started going the food and service we're spectacular. The staff were always extremely attentive, the food arrived quickly and was delicious. It was my favorite restaurant in the Omaha area. Going during happy hour was the best bang for the buck. However, my last 4 or 5 visits were less than impressive. There seemed to be a shift in management. They started closing upstairs during Sundays (my usual day to go) and downstairs is not nearly as pleasant as the upstairs is. Then there was a noticable decline in customer service. I started noticing the staff turnover was quite high and standards of service slipped tremendously. Towards the end, their sushi rolls quality went down hill as well. I was very sad to see that dishes were being cooked improperly and/or cheaper ingredients were being substituted which drastically changed the foods quality/taste. After my last visit, I decided that I wouldn't waste my time coming back. Very sad to see one of my favorites change so much :(
Rating: 5
Text: We came in late on a Sunday night but were treated great and seated at the bar to get our food quicker. The sushi was tasty and I enjoyed the chicken and vegetables. It is very bright and modern inside with music thumping and I imagine gets very lively when busy.
Rating: 4
Text: We've only ever eaten downstairs at Blue once and it was not the same experience as upstairs at Sake Bombers.  They have great happy hour specials (including cocktails, sake and beer) and very well done sushi for Omaha. Sake Bombers is just a fun place to have a few drinks and a few small plates and be with a group of friends. 

Like there other restaurants in their family (Roja, Plank, BB&T) they do a great job of pulling off their niche.
Rating: 4
Text: There for wedding and reception. Good food and nice atmosphere. Only complaints.... Restroom on first and second floor. Reception was on Third. Elevator used by kitchen staff as well as guests. Somewhat inconvenient, as street parking doesn't accommodate the large amount of customers, so parking garage is a block away.
