Bluegrass Brewing Co
Rating: 1
Text: The beer was good but that was it. Would expect way better right across from a major venue. The frozen box burger came on a grocery store bun. Bar tenders only know how to pour beer. Would have rather had some chicken at the Yum center. It could be that maybe they just can't handle a crowd.
Rating: 5
Text: Stopped in just after lunch. Ordered a beer and bourbon. The atmosphere here is great. The basement floor bar is very cozy. Looked at the food menu but didn't order. Lots of different options like sandwiches, salad, fish.
Rating: 4
Text: A friend and I had the pulled pork sandwich with garlic fries. The food was good.
I must say we didn't see our server one time after she took our order. I finally tracked the manager down to pay the bill. 
No one came to offer a refill or to see if we needed anything!
It was a Friday night, however at least an hour before the dinner rush started.
Rating: 1
Text: I came all the way from Omaha Nebraska to see the Eagles Concert and to enjoy Louisvilles, restaurants and bars down by the Yum Center. What a disappointment. We waited an hour in the cold doorway very patient until our name was called all the while to have Crappy Food and Drinks. I wanted Margarita so she came back with 2 slices of Orange in it and a lime. Tasted like it was diluted Lime drink with an orange in it. Any Bartender should know how to make this drink after returning it I was brought another one without the orange in it. Tasted awful diluted down again, so I just asked for it to be taken off bill. The food was awful we had bacon cheeseburger and it tasted like when I was in school and they made it out of a box, the bun unfortunately was the basic for a boxed burger. Waitress was in such a hurry she practically, wanted us to spit out what we wanted instantly. They were so busy it was awful. SERVICE AWFUL, FOOD AWFUL, DRINK AWFUL. What a complete DISAPPOINTMENT!!!
Rating: 1
Text: We decided to drop in for a drink after a show Saturday night.  They weren't all that busy, we didn't have to wait for a table.  When we sat down it was still wet.  We waited at least 10 minutes before noticing that the couple that came in AFTER us was getting service (during this time my wife had time to go to the restroom and return).  We decided to leave.  No one had come to our table.  No "sorry we're busy, we'll be right with."  No "your server is on the way".  Nothing.
