BobbyD's Merchant St BBQ
Rating: 4
Text: Overall, good experience. Very busy when we went around 1800 on a Wednesday, but we took that as a sign of the business' quality. The service was very quick, and our server was very polite and attentive. We ordered the poppers (8 ct), the Hawaiian sandwich w/ fries, and the single brisket sandwich w/ fried okra. The poppers were delicious. The Hawaiian was good, though a bit mayo heavy according to my husband, and the fries were very crisp though a tad salty for his liking. As for the brisket, it was very moist and had a nice flavor by itself. I personally added some of the barbecue sauce that was at the table to give it a little more flavor, but it's good on it's own. As for the okra, it was nicely fried but did lack some seasoning. It could have used some salt as it was otherwise bland. Outside of food, the price was very reasonable for the amount we ate. For poppers, 2 drinks, and both sandwiches we paid roughly $22 before tip. We would definitely go back to sample more of their menu to get a full opinion on the restaurant's various options on the menu.
Rating: 3
Text: Great service and good atmosphere. I felt like the quality of the meat itself was not top notch. I had the brisket and sausage and both were just mediocre. Typically, top notch smoked brisket has that ring of smoke around the outside and some color in the center. This meat was brown all the way through. The sausage was full of fat and the flavor again was missing that typical smoke flavor. 
Rating: 5
Text: Best bbq hands down.  Awesome service.  Love the people, great atmosphere and fun personalities.   Always feel like family right from the start.
Rating: 5
Text: We love BobbyD's. Portions are generous and prices are reasonable, and the food is always great. And they carry red cream soda, which is a nice little surprise.
Rating: 5
Text: excellent brisket, burnt ends and sandwiches.  The Cuban sandwich is fantastic.  all the sides are top notch especially the crispy and delicious sweet potato fries and the broccoli slaw.
