Bolingbrook Golf Club
Rating: 2
Text: Start of with saying it's a nice course and the young adults they have working there are very friendly. With that said it's not worth the price as you can play at much nicer courses for same or less. The old ranger is a complete ass and for that reason are whole group of 4 will never be back. Took 4hr 30 minutes to play 12 holes and we called it a day. Better options out there for golf.
Rating: 1
Text: Attended a wedding here not impressed to say the least. Steak was dry and chewy, side of potatoes was overcooked and also dry no sauce! And to top it off the bartenders or whoever their boss was insisted they thought it was a good idea to pour cheap house vodka into Grey Goose bottles. Must be struggling over there.joke. Place has gone downhill in recent years.
Rating: 5
Text: Great course, nice layout. Well maintained sand traps and greens. I play weekday twi otherwise very pricey. The clubhouse is spectacular. The practice area is second to none. Trees need to grow in a little more to make the course complete. Maybe add a few more trees.
Rating: 5
Text: We recently had our wedding at Bolingbrook Country Club and we could not have asked for a better venue! Wedding planning can be VERY stressful and having a great team of vendors certainly helps to ease the stress. We looked at numerous places to have our wedding and, not only is it beautiful at Bolingbrook, but what really sold us was Taryn and Jill. Just in our first meeting with them, you can tell that Taryn and Jill actually cared about our wedding just as much as we did. They also wanted to make it the best day for us. We did NOT find that anywhere else. We did not have a Wedding Planner either but we felt that we did not need one because Taryn and Jill were so AMAZING! We felt comfortable with them. Once we booked with them, they gave us a list of vendors that they have worked with before so that we can research. We also did our own research of vendors that were not on that list. During our search for other vendors to have at our wedding, I reached out to Taryn and Jill and asked for their opinions, just in case. No sooner than 5 minutes after I emailed them, Taryn called and said "It's your choice, but I recommend not booking that vendor because something always goes wrong with them. I just wanted to let you know". I totally appreciated her advice because this is obviously not her first rodeo and she has seen a thing or two with weddings and vendors. Vendors aren't going to tell you the things that can potentially go wrong during a wedding. Also, we had our final meeting with Jill and Taryn a week before our wedding and as they were confirming our vendors (photographers, dj, videographer) and I had mentioned that we were having a slight communication issue with our dj and we were a little concerned. She told me to set up our final meeting with him at Bolingbrook so she would be there too. The meeting was set up the day before our wedding (because it was the only day that worked for all of us) and low and behold the dj STOOD ME UP! We were all pissed and upset! Jill and Taryn then got involved and after a long conversation with them, some tears, and a cocktail too (because I needed it), they helped me in firing my current dj AND they found me another dj for my wedding! They literally saved the day! I know for a fact that if we had our wedding anywhere else, the sales team/wedding coordinators would not have put in the effort they did. They certainly went above and beyond throughout all of the wedding planning and they helped us have the greatest day of our lives! Taryn and Jill are amazing and so is their banquet team. Marco was a FANTASTIC Captain, and they let us ride in on a golf cart (which made my husband SUPER HAPPY)! I could not have asked for better people to work with at such a beautiful venue. THANK YOU BOLINGBROOK!!!!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful clubhouse, warm and inviting, with great views of the course. Excellent service and good food. Reasonable prices. They've hosted events for my wife's work and do a great job every time. 
