Bonge's Tavern
Rating: 2
Text: You have to arrive very early to get a decent time to eat here. They open at four, we arrived one hour early to put our name in, our dining time was 9:30 to 9:45. Tailgating in the parking lot is kind of the thing here, everybody set up tents brings their own food, brings their own beer, and it is a good time. We only had a babysitter till 10, so we tailgated from around 330 until 730, and then checked on our time. We were told at the very, very best maybe 930-945 at the earliest still. We had to leave, due to the time, but the rest of our party stayed, 7 other people. We left, since my wife was hungry, pregnant and our babysitter was done at 10. Our friends were seated 15 minutes later at 8:15 which was a bummer because we could have still made that work. Long story short, be prepared for extremely long wait, bring beers and snacks to tailgate, and expect inconsistent time estimates. We saw numerous people tailgating for hours, only to find out they were not going to be able to eat there that night, then they tail gated for a while and ate somewhere else. When I ate there 4 years ago, the food was pretty good but for the price you can get into Any other place you want in less than 30 minutes and have a great meal. Tailgate in their parking lot, or a friends house, or anywhere else for that matter since you provide all your own stuff anyway. I hope this review helps!
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely my favorite dinner of my life. Went there with my girlfriend on a weeknight and loved every minute of it. Great atmosphere, amazing food and even better service! Will definitely be back!
Rating: 4
Text: This place is fantastic. Awesome food in the middle of nowhere. Quirky place, but the food is amazing!! Tailgating is pretty cool and fun. Service could you some improvement..................
Rating: 5
Text: It was awesome. We went on a Saturday so we thought it'd be very busy and got there at 2ish. That was way too early would suggest arriving and about 330. The food was delicious and service amazing.
Rating: 5
Text: Prime Rib Best most juicy, tender, melt in your mouth flavor. The duck is juicy and amazingly flavored. The trout was lightly rolled in a perfect amount of cornmeal and cooked in lemon and maple, yet not overly sweet.
For desert, just get the sugar cream cake, #1 favorite desert I've had of all time!
Love this place!
