Bourbon Raw
Rating: 5
Text: The waitress was excellent.  They seated our party of 18 quickly.  The food was excellent!  The waitress suggested the spare ribs and they were perfect!  She also suggested a wood-smoked old fashioned that was amazing
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent casual fine dinning. The food is fantastic- excellent selection of fresh daily seafood. Superb steak. Will definitely be recommending to friends!
Rating: 2
Text: Never Again. I gave it two stars because it's a great location. Nothing else about the evening was good. The service was extremely slow, and the restaurant was not busy at all. Which I guess should have been our first clue considering it was a Friday night at 7 p.m. . The wedge salad I ordered was old lettuce with that copper coloring to it and tasted bitter and the spring mix in the house salad my husband ordered was just as bad. The drink I ordered a plain bourbon old fashioned with Maker's Mark tasted horrible. How do you mess up an old fashioned in Louisville? Our entree came, we said we wanted to split the 14 oz ribeye done medium rare. They brought us a half a rack of ribs split for two people? Seriously? So they went back to the kitchen and requested the proper food. When the steak finally arrived it was raw inside it was so raw cold that the butter they put on top of it wasn't even melted a little. So that had to be remade when we finally got our steak cooked to the correct temperature it was a little tough but the seasoning was quite good. Overall will never go nack.
Rating: 1
Text: So disappointed a group of us had reservations well in advanced with a confirmation which we showed and liz their manager didn't care.   Said we cant accept it and challenged how we got it. Nonetheless she offer nothing for our inconvenience as all other restaurants in the area had been booked.  Would not recommend this place to anyone.
Rating: 1
Text: Deserves 1/2 star. Waiter good but don't go there with a large party. They can't handle it,   Can you image being in a restaurant and being told they ran out if tea bags for the last couple of days. Hey manager there is a CVS across the street. Go over and buy a box. When we sat down we were told to order our entrees quickly because they had another large party. When it came time to order dessert the waiter made an announcement that we shouldn't order dessert because it would take too long to get. 
