Bowlero Romeoville
Rating: 5
Text: Had a great time at a fundraiser there last week! This place has definitely upgraded since Bowlero took over! Its always a great time whenever I am there. The food is outstanding and the drink specials are awesome. Open bowling specials throughout the week with games as little as $2.22 on Tuesdays! Check it out!
Rating: 4
Text: If you play video games here you'll spend lots of money very quickly. The tickets that you receive for the games you play aren't worth it. The reason I gave it 4 stars is because the remodeling that was done looks awesome. It has more of a home feel compared to the Brunswick XL. Also the bowling here isn't too pricey and the beer was ICE COLD!!!?
Rating: 3
Text: The place is very nice, the customer service was decent. The kiosk for ordering food is what killed it for me. Placed an order when we started the game, 30 minutes went by before I asked about it. Even though the place was empty. Turns out they hadn't even started on it. You have to make sure you pay attention and memorize your ticket # because you don't get a paper receipt. We got our drinks and 45 minutes after placing the order we finally got our appetizers. Also there is a tip option before you check out, it recommends the amount you should give. We had 4 drinks and a appetizer platter, the kiosk recommended to tip 9.84. Yeah right!
Rating: 5
Text: Went to bowlero today (10-23-17) with some of my coworkers to relax from a long week. Had a ton of fun. The employees, Ed, Linda, Crystal, Elise and Annamarie were awesome for us all night. Such a great experience and will definitely come back!
Rating: 1
Text: 1. The lanes were filthy, looks like they maybe clean them once a month. No oil/grease and dirt on the floor. Tried throwing the ball straight and it still stuck to the floor. 
2. 16 dollars for nachos with NO meat on them, overpriced microwave food. 
3. It has a NON-CASH bar, you have to run your card for everything there. 

I would have had a bad experience if I was at a kids party. What a waste, the only good thing is you don't pay for games up front or else we would have wanted our money back for the second game. We should have gotten a refund for the first game. I don't think they have waxed the lanes since they took over for Brunswick zone...
