Brasserie by Niche
Rating: 5
Text: Had a great experience here during lunch a few weeks back.  Finally getting around to writing a review!  There were four of us in our business group and everyone ordered something different.  We were all very happy with the food and service.  Give the Brasserie a try!  It's a little on the pricey side but the food is very good.
Rating: 5
Text: I took a group here for dinner and the food was phenomenal.  I had the trout and we shared a meat and cheese platter.  It was more than enough food to leave our party of 6 feeling well fed.  We took advantage of their happy hour by arriving early and enjoyed half off beer and wine during our meal (4-7)
Rating: 4
Text: Top-notch food choices and the serving staff is very friendly. 4 star is only because the menu is quite pricey for the amount of food you get and there aren't many lower fair options. Expect to pay $27+ a plate with the average being in the $30+. If I knew that going in, maybe it wouldn't have been such a shock. Enjoyed every bite though. Cocktails are phenomenal.
Rating: 3
Text: The menu selection was very limited specially if you don't eat red meat. The food was tasty a little too salty for me but my companion didn't agree. Staff was very nice. Unless I'm with someone who really wants to go here I doubt I'd go again
Rating: 5
Text: This has become our go to "date night" spot. The food is always excellent and the staff really goes above and beyond. My husband ordered a steak medium rare once but it came out looking quite well done. The manager immediately came over and took care of just by seeing the look on his face when he cut into the steak. She offered me a glass of wine as we waited for his new steak and wouldn't let us leave without TWO desserts. It's that attention to detail and service that sets Brasserie above the rest. They also have a great patio at front that for an hour or two makes you feel like you're in Paris. If you're looking for a date not spot or a place to take friends from out of town, this is the place.
