Bread Garden Market
Rating: 3
Text: They offer a little coffee shop which is great, but has some problems. First off, my drink was good but not what I ordered. I ordered a Vietnamese iced coffee. What I got was cold brew regular coffee with sweetened condensed milk and cream mixed up in it. I was in a hurry and didn't want to explain what was wrong with the drink holding everyone up. I sent time studying in Vietnam and fell in love with the coffee. Vietnamese iced coffee is made from brewed chicory root coffee that has a very distinctive  flavor, it is served in a glass of iced with a pool of sweetened condensed milk at the bottom. The pool at the bottom allows the drinker to chose to stir in as much as they would like to reach whatever sweetness they desire. This store smells wonderful and has good coffee, but they should not offer items on the cafe menu they do not know how to make. My coffee was good, but not what I ordered so 3 stars for them.
Rating: 4
Text: I am a huge fan of bread garden in Iowa city. It is so convenient and has so many options for grocery shopping. In addition to the groceries, they have great hot food ready all day. They make excellent burgers and chicken sandwiches. I would also recommend their breakfast options as well.
Rating: 5
Text: Our Friends Reunion came to an Iowa game recently and stayed at hotelVetro. We were so pleasantly surprised with the convenience, ambiance, and quality of food at the unique Bread Garden Market.  It has an elevated environment compared to the Pioneer Co-op but also has a very good buffet and seating area, both inside and outside. The coffee was very good, too. We look forward to using this Market in a variety of ways the next time we visit Iowa City...Bernie
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great place to both shop and eat. The store part is well organized with a great selection of fresh foods. The eatery side is delicious, cheep, and convenient. I usually have the burrito or the burger but I had the tuna poke bowl and it was wonderful as well.
Rating: 5
Text: It is very uncommon to see a place like this in downtown. With different types of foods available to eat, wines/beers to drink, WiFi and outdoor seating. Had run to this place couple of times while sitting in library across it. Great coffee is also available here. Some of the items are pricey, but one can't get everything cheap right in downtown.
