Brewster's Italian Cafe
Rating: 5
Text: I absolutely love the food here. A little pricey but well worth it. I have never had a poor experience here until yesterday. We had to wait for a table which is understandable and we were fine with waiting. We had a drink at the bar while waiting, the bartender was very friendly and made conversation with us. Our server on the other hand was also nice but we only saw her twice. She never offered us any bread or  even a salad. She brought us out our food and didn't see her again until we were finished. My boyfriend and I very rarely ever dress up, I felt since we are younger dressed in blue jeans and work boots we got pushed off to the side. I clearly saw her at other tables more often than ours. We went to pay I placed my card in the folder as she was standing at the table still and she then proceeded to walk away without it. I will be back again of course because I love the food, I won't let one bad experience ruin it for me.
Rating: 4
Text: Under rated in the neighbourhood. Everyone raves about the stray dog restaurant but the food here is high quality. A nice little out doorsy area too. The steak salad is a big win. Very generous portions. 
Rating: 5
Text: We totally enjoyed Brewster's. Dan was our waiter and he was excellent. He offered bread ahead of the meal. He was attentive and refilled our drinks promptly. It was a bit pricey, but our servings were huge- sandwiches with salads. Desserts were yummy.  We will be returning to Brewster's.
Rating: 2
Text: The food was okay: good soup and pizza. The server was alright. The menu has little options. When the bill came it was up charged by 8 dollars for the pick two. The waitress had no idea why. We didn't order anything with up charges; this kinda leaves a bad taste in my mouth because how many people are up charged. I would expect more from a restaurant. No manger came to apologize. Overall provably not worth the money.
Rating: 5
Text: My favorite upscale, Italian food spot in the area. Always love completing my meal with an espresso and giant serving of tiramisu that is made in-house. Plus, you can get away with paying a great price for a dinner-for-two .
