BrickTop's
Rating: 4
Text: Ate the Bistro chicken with spinach and mashed potatoes. Food was excellent, but it took the kitchen a while to prepare. Desert was the chocolate chip cookie and ice cream. It's served in a cast iron skillet and large enough to share for two (unless you're really hungry, or track star active). Would be five stars with faster service, excellent time.
Rating: 2
Text: Surly service: not one smile from our waitress. She also didn’t know what beers were on tap and was unable to provide advice on a dry red wine for the table beside us. The food came in around 3 minutes: much too fast for a restaurant where the entrees are $20 - $40. This did not give us faith that the four meals were freshly prepared. Our waitress brought the check before she brought out the desserts. We felt like we were being rushed even though the dining room was nearly empty. We will not be dining there again; the food was fine, but dining at a restaurant (especially in this price range) should be a whole and pleasant experience... our experience was disappointing at best.
Rating: 4
Text: Somewhat upscale American chain. Menu emphasizes seafood, and they have some sushi rolls. I find that the inside can get pretty loud, especially with an after-work crowd at the bar. Very nice outdoor seating including some couches/coffee tables.
Rating: 1
Text: Called to get a reservation for happy hour for 13 people for a corporate event. The person on the other end of the phone informed me that the "happy hour area" was full, and they would be able to set us up with a table but we would not have happy hour prices. I found this a very bad business practice as my company organizes many happy hours and brick top lost a lot of business today. I found it disconcerting that they were unwilling to work with the customer.
Rating: 3
Text: I was in from out of town staying  across the street at the Hilton. Decided to go across and have dinner. I can say the food was amazing as well as my drinks that is once I received it , which is sad because the service was horrible and I would probably venture to say the worst I have ever had. To top it all off once the check has come and time to settle up you notice the line for a tip and feel like you need to leave one but wish it could go to the cook who just prepared a great piece of meat for you or the waiter that was passing by and noticed you and asked if he could help "anyone except for the waitress that was assigned your table that didn't wait on your table properly.
