BRIO Tuscan Grille
Rating: 3
Text: Good food, but service is mediocre at best. Went here for a birthday dinner last night because we had a gift card. Our waiter seemed quite unprofessional at his job of serving us. When telling us about the specials, he mentioned that pretty much all of them weren't that good at all - big mistake on his part!!! - except for one. Food and bread was good, although our steaks were a little bit charred. Later when finished we asked him to wrap ALL of our food, even the little bit left of my steak and mashed potatoes, he failed to do so and only wrapped the two bigger size dishes that had much more left. I was unhappy to unwrap the food when I got home and see my dish was not there when we SPECIFICALLY told him to wrap everything in a to go box. Lastly he didn't even ask us if we wanted coffee with our dessert, and when we did ask him for coffee after our dessert came, he acted as if it was too much trouble for him to make us a cup.... he said something along the lines of , with apathy: "I just threw the pot of coffee out that I had, and it's going to take a few minutes to get the next one. Do you really want one?" Id come here again but only if we had a different server.
Rating: 4
Text: A classy but expensive place to eat.. very upmarket. . However make sure you do not get a trainee... otherwise you won't be told about the awesome specials they have.. 
So we missed out.. maybe in two years time we will visit again...
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful day and beautiful restaurant. Great wedge salad, great pasta etc
Rating: 5
Text: À had an AMAZING TIME here. Great servers and I loved the wine. The bruschetta was awesome. I highly recommend this restaurant.
Rating: 5
Text: I loved this place.  Went for the first time and was blown away by the quality of food and excellent service.

I had the lasagna and lobster bisque. Boyfriend also has lobster bisque (yeah,  i wasn't sharing)  and the chicken and bacon carbonara. 

We will return. 

Con: Pricey 
