Brozinni Pizzeria
Rating: 5
Text: Brozinni Pizzeria was an excellent choice for our daughter's wedding.   We went with their standard pizza line up and the guest could not stop talking about how great the food was.

They prepare it on site in a food truck but serve traditional buffet style.  

Get this - they keep cooking as long as guest are eating for the same price, no limit on services per person - incredible!

The whipped out gluten free person pizza's as needed.

We also had Cajun food from another vendor (the groom really wanted food he grew up too!).  The Brozinni staff realized the other company was not setting up/out dishes and they jumped in and managed that food line too!

Not only was the food great and always hot and ready but due to a weather issue we had to have the buffet line taken down to move the ceremony inside and then completely re-set for dinner - they handled it with a positive additive and efficiency that blew us away!

The pizza's we had were on the gourmet side and amazing!  So were the garlic knots!
Rating: 5
Text: The food was excellent and the staff were super friendly. Also you get free garlic knuckles on your first visit! They were really good btw. The pizza was also very tasty. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
Rating: 5
Text: Great NY style pizza.I recommend it to anyone who likes a good pie. My entire family could have just ate one large it was so big. size and quality flavor....
Rating: 1
Text: Ordered a simple cheese pizza with extra sauce. It came out with hardly any sauce. Additionally, I saw more crust poking through than cheese. The waitress was fine but the manager sent her back to do her dirty work and say we still have to pay for half of the pizza. When I made the waitress get the manager to come out it was all excuses. She basically through the waitress under the bus saying that she put in xtra cheese. I hope that pitiful flavorless amount of cheese wasn't xtra cheese because that is just a ripoff at $14.  I will not be back. Management and cook leave a lot to be desired. Will also note that the restaurant was not busy and no excuse for lack of attention to detail.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is the real deal. Best customer service I've seen in years and taking my in-laws there tonight!  Well worth the half hour drive!!
