Bruno's Pizza
Rating: 2
Text: The other complaints of being soggy are all too true. I asked for light suace. What I got was an over cooked, over sauced, 100 # of cheese "pizza".

I was disappointed. Not upset. Not demanding my $ back, etc. It just wasn't good. This is NOT meant to be malicious. For the money I was charged, I was expecting something at least 3.5 stars.
Rating: 5
Text: Pizza was good,  owner is personable,  seemed a little busy as he was working front and back of kitchen alone.  Once things seemed to settle down he ( the owner) came to our table to check on us and asked how was our meal. Decor may be a bit dated,  but after all it is one of if not the oldest pizza chain of its kind in our area.  I will be back
Thank you for a great meal.
Rating: 5
Text: Best pizza in the area. Had one pie that wasn't good and they replaced it with a gem. Mojth watering!
Rating: 2
Text: Each Bruno's varies wildly, and they all have flaws. The Bruno's on 933 burned the pizza we ordered and tried to sell it to use for half price. I mean, it was inedible; have some pride. The Bruno's in downtown South Bend has slices you can buy all day, but they come out looking like they've been slowly heated for hours in an oven, so the overall product is disappointing (and you can't begin to eat the crusts). One time I asked for two slices of pepperoni and a cup for water. The lady ran my card for more than she should have. When I pointed this out, she said, "Oh, I thought you said you wanted a #1." What I said and "#1" aren't even close in word count, let alone syllables. How did she hear me wrong. Then she wouldn't fix the error. She just stared at me with a deer-in-the-road look in her eyes. The Bruno's near IUSB has the best slices: tasty, simple, fresh--but the parking situation can be difficult because the lot is so tiny and they have to watch for college kids parking there and walking to campus to avoid paying for a parking pass. Overall, the pizza is uninspired, you throw away the crust, and the service isn't good.
Rating: 1
Text: Holy crap they are so out of date with technology. All I want is to see their menu, that's it, but I can't find it online. They have a website, but it's unusable, completely unusable. Better websites were made in 2000. A simply on made with html with their contact info and menu in plain text would be so much better. It's 2017!  A website should be required if you want any business. They also have links to whatever websites to pay through and stuff, never will I ever use something like that, nor will I download an app just to see a menu. They also don't take deliveries over the phone you have to call some other number to do it. I have no words for how stupid and inconvenient this is. So if you're planning on going to get it and plan on paying extra this is a good pizza place. Personally I'll never eat there again. 
