Bucharest Grill
Rating: 4
Text: You got good quality food on demand. 10 min away. You walk into a line but they have more than 5 very helpful cashiers
Rating: 4
Text: Fast friendly service (most of the time), delicious food and a nice sized dinning area. Perfect place to grab good food on the run or sit and enjoy. Very fair prices and generous portions. I always get the chicken or steak fattoush salad and curly fries with a side of garlic spread to dip them in DELICIOUS!
Rating: 2
Text: Ordered this evening. Food is delicious as always. However, upon leaving and checking my bag, I noticed that the extra sides of garlic sauce I ordered were missing. I went back in to get my sauce and walked up to the counter with my bag and receipt in hand only to be ignored by the numerous employees walking around. Even the cashier standing 2 feet away from me didn't acknowledge me. Finally, I said something to the cashier and mentioned how everyone working there didn't bother to acknowledge me then stated that my sauce was missing from my order. She didn't apologize or say a word. She simply walked over, got my sauce and tossed it into my bag. So sad that your employees can't treat customers better than this. I won't be back ever again. Sad.
Rating: 1
Text: When I heard about this place I thought it was going to be a nice Romania restaurant but instead I see more American food on the menu than Romanian. When I tried some of there Romanian dishes there was always to much of an ingredient that it made it taste weird. The service was poor lots of our orders were forgotten, spilled some good on 2 of the people I was with and then the waiter started to get rude about it. Blaring music, bad staff, I as a Romanian do not recommend this restaurant.
Rating: 3
Text: Maybe the ambiance and the service are better at the other two Bucharest locations. I'd only recommend carry out at Jefferson: Music at ear-splitting levels, bathrooms disgusting. Decor seems planned to have patrons eat quickly and leave. Call in for shwarma: Don't eat in.
