Buckhorn Tavern
Rating: 4
Text: Decent local steakhouse. Typical steak prices - $22 for the 12 oz N.Y.strip I ordered which came with potato and second side dish. Placed reservation and they had kept a table marked for us. Everyone else at the door was being told a twenty minute wait. Good job, much appreciated. :) The food was good, the service was quick given they were pretty busy. Only small complaint is I didn't like how dark the lighting was on the dining room side we sat on.
Rating: 5
Text: Got there on a Sat night around 7:30. People waiting but we sat at the bar. Got our drinks right away.  Took our order soon after. My husband and I had the prime rib. It was made how we ordered it. The meal was very good. The bartender always made sure we had drinks and ask if we needed anything.  The place was crowded but service was good. Would go there again if in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: We were just in town overnight and wanted a good nonchain restaurant.   We were pleasantly surprised by our meal.   The staff was friendly and efficient.   The atmosphere is rustic,  but our steak was delicious!  Great bread was a bonus!   Would definitely go back if we are ever in town.
Rating: 3
Text: Too expensive for what it is.  Onion straws were really good,but they needed that horseradish sauce you get at the big chains or ranch at least.  Ribs appetizer is unique and the sauce was good.  Main courses we got pecan crusted chicken and herb crusted chicken.  Both were very bland and somewhat greasy with the herb crusted chicken being glorified shake and bake.  Green beans were good.  At the end even with 5 bucks off for using thier app, it was still over 25$ each and all we drank was water.  Probably will go back and get the ribs, but it won't be a place we go often at all.
Rating: 4
Text: Drinks were good.  Food was homie. I really recommend the country fried chicken with gravy... Oh so good.  Crispy on the outside,  moist chicken inside,  and topped off with a delish gravy. Also the French onion soup was nothing to squeeze at either.  Prices were not horrible.  Next time I'm trying their ribs,  fellow dinner beside us had it,  and they looked out of this world good. Our waiter Alex was a doll.  Ask for him and you'll get great service with a smile.
