Budget Host Platte Valley Inn
Rating: 3
Text: Room was clean and comfortable. Beds are a bit lumpy, but tolerable. Be careful in the shower, they are slick and on our first day we weren't aware that they were supposed to have bath mats for the tubs. We alerted them after my husband slipped, and they provided a tub mat for the rest of the stay. Didn't have time to use the pool, but it is smaller than it appears in online photos.  Breakfast offered was oatmeal, cereal, toast, coffee, juice. The lounge area was blocked off and not available, so no opinion on that. Decent place to stay if you aren't looking for luxury.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice. Seems family owned. Comfortable.  Heater light in the shower room. Plenty of towels.  Micro...Frig. Hair dryer & coffee maker.  3 locks on the door... I'd definitely stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: This place was awful. We stopped here on the 4th of July weekend on our way home and chose this place because they had a restaurant. Well the restaurant was closed and no breakfast either. The room was horribly run down and in disrepair. Holes in the walls, hard stiff beds, bricks for pillows, a hole in the sink faucet, rust all over the bath tub. We were too sketched out to trust the ice bin or coffee maker. I thought it was funny that there was a fly swatter on the desk until I looked up at the ceiling and saw over ten flies hanging out up there. In the morning they kept landing on my face while I tried to sleep. I've spent plenty of time in the country and understand that flies are a part of life but something more than a fly swatter should be done. Water pressure was good and the shower was hot so at least there was that but we will try our absolute best to never have to stay a night in this town again.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible experience.  The telephone was broke and not working to the room.  There was a dead cockroach in the bathroom.  That just totally grossed me out.  Eww!!  Didnt see it until the next day.  The front desk wanted my credit card even though I paid cash for a damage deposit.  The female was rude and I will not be staying here again.  The phone had no jack hookup.  The tub was dirty.  Never again.  I wouldn't recommend it.
Rating: 4
Text: It wasnt bad but for the price, I'd stay again. The place was quiet and has a restaurant on site. The only downside I had was that my sink looked like it had been leaking for a while and had lime and calcium buildup all over it like they were trying a science experiment to grow crystals, you know the ones from when we were kids. Lol good times. Over still not a bad place to stay.
