BuffaLouie's
Rating: 5
Text: Best wings I've had so far. Great customer service and fun atmosphere. You're making a mistake you don't at least try Buffalouie's
Rating: 5
Text: The staff there was awesome. The wings were very good. This place was on Campus Eats on the Big Ten Network
Rating: 4
Text: In a nutshell: Ok wings and a good selection of flavors. Come here for the atmosphere, not the food quality. 

Longer review: The wings here are just ok. Brothers has 25 cent wing night on Wednesday and I think that their wings taste better than BuffaLouie's wings on any night. The wings are usually a little tough for some reason. Not chalky per say, but somewhat dry. If you try and go at a peak time, expect a wait of maybe 15-20 minutes to get your order. Not bad, but not great for carryout or a quick bite. The atmosphere is great. The inside is all IU all the time and the TV's are pretty good quality. It's a true college hangout place. I think you should come here once to experience it, but for me it's hard to suggest it more than that. I'd like to give it 3.5 out of 5 but 3 seems too low and 4 seems kinda fair.

Unrelated to the place itself, but delivery takes at least 90 mins.
Rating: 4
Text: Overall: A must-try if you like anything IU and/or wing-related. Plus beer, TVs, and good times!

The good: Pretty much the coolest atmosphere in bloomington, a must for anyone visiting. Wooded facade, benches, pictures and posters everywhere. It's like walking into history. The food is also top notch. Obviously known for their wings, the sauces are on point. The rasta jerk was my favorite, with a nice kick yet not overwhelming. Plenty of beers to choose from too.

The not-so-good: It's "go up and order" style, which, during peak hours and/or gamedays, is chaotic. Yelling people's names over the loud speakers (same names no less), waiting for 45 mins, people crowded everywhere, it can be a lot to handle. It's also part of the charm.

Atmosphere: 10/10
Service: 7.5/10
Food: 8.5/10
Rating: 3
Text: I do not know if I'll be ordering from here any more, the tomato cheese bread went from 3.99 to 5.99 and I ask why the price changed the server on the phone bc you receive more but this was definitely not true they just cut it in a different angle. Hmmm not feeling it at all.
