Buffalo Wild Wings
Rating: 3
Text: the food was great as usual... our server was a pretty young girl in her 20s, with tattoos. megan did a fantastic job & her personality was a win...
Rating: 5
Text: Had great service and food was cheap $5 Tuesday went for a job event and no problem going back soon
Rating: 1
Text: Been going to this location for a long time and the service gets worse and worse every time. We ordered our food, including an appetizer and didn't actually receive our food until 45-50 minutes after we ordered. There were maybe 3 other tables sat at this time. Our server continuously avoided our table, then when I went to speak to the manager, she seemed unwilling to help the situation & seemed annoyed by me asking about our food. Once we finally got our food, we still did not get checked on to make sure everything was okay nor did ever receive an apology for our wait or lack of attention paid to us. The whole time I sat there, I didn't receive ONE refill. Needless to say, I will be taking my business elsewhere if this is the way they think is acceptable to run a business.
Rating: 2
Text: Eat here if you don't mind your order always being wrong. I have ordered takeout twice. The first time my Buffalo wrap was a completely different wrap. My husband didn't check the order and had to go back. The manager gave him some vouchers for a free snack size wings which was nice. The second time was last night. I ordered at exactly 7:00 pm and was told it would be 20-25 minutes. I arrived at 7:20, paid, and was told my order was ready and was being bagged. 4 people behind me later had came and paid, received their food, and left while I was still standing here waiting. I had to flag someone down to get them to check on the issue. Only then did she get my order together. I checked it and guess what? My order was wrong. Rather than wait on a new one I just asked for it on the side and left. No manager or apologies. I walked out of there at 7:38 pm. Do yourself a favor and go to any other Buffalo wild wings than this one!
Rating: 5
Text: Our server Emily was excellent.  Attentive and right there when we needed anything.  Food was great.
