Burgers' Smokehouse
Rating: 1
Text: Just like another reviewer they sent me food that was not frozen at all and moldy.  

And just like the other reviewer they are refusing to refund me and are ignoring my messages.

How a company can get away with this is disgraceful.  I have contacted the BBB to file a complaint against them.

I just pray that people can read the reviews on them before wasting your hard earned money on rotten food.
Rating: 1
Text: My mail order arrived completely thawed out and moldy.  I contacted them and they are the rudest customer service ever and refuse to refund me.  Avoid them at all costs.
Rating: 4
Text: We visited for the first time a few days ago and it was pretty cool. As soon as you walk in, you are greeted by an old timey, Disney like character up near the ceiling who welcomes you happily and gives you his little spiel. 
You walk through an inside presentation that greatly reminded me of exhibits at Disneyland when I was a child. It's darkish, cool and easy to work through or push a wheelchair.

From the moment I walked in, I was greeted by almost everyone  with a cheery hello and big smile EXCEPT for the woman who made my 'sandwich.' What a buzzkill. (May 9th, 2017 about 11 am)
She was sour, unfriendly, unsmiling and quite a contrast to the other friendly folks I encountered. The icing on the cake was the D- sandwich she made me while I was waiting. My 8 yr old grandson could've done it better...I have a picture of it here. She used some leftover looking ham slices no mayo, no mustard, I was told "It's in the basket if you want it." 
No lettuce, no tomato, at least the bread was soft but a very poor way to showcase the excellent ham from Burgers' Smokehouse. 

We have enjoyed their meats many times from outside vendors, but I will definitely only come here from now on to buy their meats. There are also take and bake homemade pies which I am anxious to try. 
One of their favorite products of mine are the sliced jowls which is very similar to bacon. Much smokier, wider and more fatty, they are absolutely delicious when cooked slowly in the oven. 
Very family friendly, and the prices on the meats there are better than at the local markets. The processing plant is right on the premises and I caught a whiff of the smoking going on and it was heavenly.
Btw, why are there so many pics of fried, delicious looking meals? They don't have a restaurant except for the tiny sandwich counter, did I miss something?
Rating: 5
Text: Great place great servers and great management
Rating: 5
Text: Have purchased a slab of bacon and 16lb. Ha from Burgers.  Don't know why anyone would want to buy either of these products in a supermarket when you can get this kind of quality and pricing from Burgers.  It was SUPERB!!
