Burntwood Tavern Rocky River
Rating: 1
Text: I'm not one to typically post reviews for restaurants, but my experience at Burntwood was extremely subpar. My wife and I came at around 8. I ordered a salad and my wife ordered a sandwich. Over an hour later we still did not have our food nor had the server stopped by to even offer drink refills. The only thing I'm grateful for is that I was not the gentleman sitting behind me... he ordered before us. First, his food order came out completely wrong (a salad instead of a steak??) then they corrected it and served him the correct entree but it was nearly raw. They finally got it right on the third try. Thankfully he was gracious. Needless to say we won't be returning. There are too many quality options in the area.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice beer selection. Food was fast and fresh. Service was friendly and knowledgeable. Great patio. Just the right place to recover from a long day.
Rating: 1
Text: Put my name on a list to wait so I could sit on the patio.  Decided to sit at the bar right across from the hostess stand to wait and ordered a beer.  Waited for around 25 minutes before someone asked how we were doing.  Told him that we were good, just waiting to sit outside.  He then informed that no one was waiting to sit on the patio so we could get a table now.  He went over the list, told him my name, and sure enough, I was crossed out and not on the list anymore.  

Sat outside and we were brought over our tab from the bar.  I was told to give the check and payment to my server.  Cool.  Spent another 15 minutes or so and I had my debit card in the check and was just waiting for our server to show up.  The bartender then comes over and starts getting our food orders and takes over for our lack of server.  I will not be going back to any Burntwood Tavern.  The restaurant is a little pricey for what they serve, and they haven't updated their menu since the last time I was there last summer.
Rating: 5
Text: Great Bartenders, love the Bloody Mary bar for brunch, excellent food, and they even have happy hour on the weekends.
Rating: 3
Text: I’ve been to this location a few times. It’s good for big group happy hours and starters. The entrees are generally okay, but overpriced and a little inconsistent. The staff is friendly and the service is usually pretty good, though it’s sometimes slow.
