Buzz's BBQ
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I are truck drivers and we always look for opportunities to eat somewhere besides the truck stop. This place was excellent! Great atmosphere and friendly people! My husband had the Prime Rib and it was outstanding!! I had the pulled pork and it was very good as well. I loved the vinegar based slaw, it was a nice change from the typical mayonnaise slaw. We will definitely be back when we are passing through the area!!
Rating: 5
Text: Best pulled pork i have ever had for the first time ever going there. I got the big buzz half pound pulled pork sandwhich. The pulled pork was juicey and had awesome flavor.  And they had great service i never had to sit there and wait with an empty glass they always filled it before i ran out.
Rating: 3
Text: Well this is the first time at this establishment. Ppl were really nice, atmosphere was good. I ordered the 10 oz bourbon steak with bbq beans and coleslaw. Well the beans were good and oh yeah mozzarella sticks, they were good also. The coleslaw, not really sure what kind of coleslaw it was I just know that it wasn't for my taste buds. I've never tasted coleslaw like that before. Finally the steak,  well what can I say but I didn't taste any bourbon what so ever and there was a burnt taste on the outside, all and all it was bland and had the burnt taste but it was cooked to perfection. Perfect medium rare.  My opinion it could certainly use some more seasoning. Prices weren't half bad.
Rating: 5
Text: The food was very  pleasant. One hostess stood out the most, her name was Jordan. She treated my friends and I with utmost respect and always smiled and ask if assistance was needed. Great job BUZZ'S!!!
Rating: 1
Text: We were on a weekend drive and stopped in to eat a bite.  We like to go stop at different places when we travel.  My husband ordered a chef salad. We were eating and a roach crawled out if his salad as he was eating it. We called it to our waitress attention and she was very upset about it and didn't know what to say to us. She apologized every time she had to walk by our table.  They took off my husband's meal which was great but the rest of us couldn't eat because of the incident. It was a very bad situation. I believe the manager should of came out and apologized and not had us pay for any of our meals.  Will never go back there again . hoped it would have been a good dinner. Thanks
