Cafe Roma
Rating: 5
Text: From dining in to carrying out to big lunch catering orders - Cafe Roma never disappoints us. The food is always fresh, delicious and seasoned perfectly. The service is always wonderful and the owner Frank is so great! We order a variety of catering items and they have always been wonderful. Salads are always crisp and fresh - never brown. Meats are always hot and tasty. Sides are always plentiful and flavorful. Best restaurant in the area - hands down!
Rating: 5
Text: This place is truly a hidden gem in the area. Nestled in a corporate park, it can be considered too "out of the way" for most people. My wife and I lived in the area for 10 years before trying it, now it's basically our "every friday night" dinner spot. Truthfully, I don't really like chicken marsala...but that's all I get here. It is FANTASTIC.

They are now open on Saturday nights too! I've recently realized this is one of the only restaurants in the area that my wife and I ever get a repeat server. All of the people that work here are amazingly friendly (even the cooks in the back say hello) and most have worked here for as long as I've been going (about 3 years). Highly recommended!
Rating: 5
Text: This is one of my favorite places to grab lunch. Everything I've had here - wraps, pizzas, pasta, sandwiches - is outstanding! I like that they have specials, too, so I can try new dishes. The location is a bit odd (inside an office building), but that's what makes it a hidden gem! They can get busy, so I've found it's best to come before 11:30 am or after 12:30 pm to avoid the lunch rush. Even better is to come for dinner on Friday or Saturday - they put out tablecloths and candles for a fancier vibe! :)
Rating: 5
Text: We had a delicious lunch today.
Started with the house salad .  It was fresh and crispy. 
Then we had the penne arribiata.
Spicy with fresh basil .
I had them add fresh mozzarella to it.

The waitress , Miranda was very good, helpful and pleasant.
Rating: 4
Text: Good handmade wildfire pizza. A simple pepperoni pizza and iced coke do wonders, Plus the prices don't force you to put a mortgage on your house.
