Cannon Smoked Saloon
Rating: 5
Text: Meatloaf Mondays are GREAT for lunch!  If you like smoked meatloaf, this one is for you.  If you prefer Wings, go on Wednesday, or ... Prime Rib? Go Friday or Saturday for that!
Rating: 5
Text: Yummy food, good service and friendly atmosphere. Family oriented too. They accommodate large and small groups and have a banquet facility as well.
Rating: 1
Text: Service was terrible, food was cold and the waitress didn't know what she was doing... All over bad. The prime rib was more like a $5 steak not $20...I wouldn't recommend this place!
Rating: 4
Text: Blue moon draw was one of the best I've had.  Clean lines make a difference with draw beer.  The smoked wings (buffalo) were magnificent.   Being from KC I had to try the burnt ends.  My sides were baked beans and fried potatoes and onions.  The cubed meat was excellent but was not burnt ends.  This might fool someone not from Kansas City but I've had some of the best. The baked beans tasted almost identical to Bush's out of a can.  The potatoes and onions were good.  Service was great being I came in late and there was only one server in my section.  The young lady named Devin (sp) was very polite and tentative.  I will definitely go back and try one of the sliced meat sandwiches or another entree.  I will for sure order the wings again.  
Rating: 1
Text: 1.  Long wait with empty tables. The excuse is "we had people call in sick". Happens every time. 
2. Order medium rare prime rib. Came extra well done. Brought me another order to fix. This too came well done.  Server got up in my face and said the can't make it medium rare. Fine. Please tell me this before I wait 2 hours for my meal. 
3.  Tried again tonight. Half empty. The hostess, who we have experienced twice was a real pleasure and should not be customer facing. Wouldn't tell us a wait time. Several people walked out on her 

If you can't run the front of the house close it down. Maybe there is a reason this place has a fire every two years. Insurance pays the bill, not the food or horrific service.
