Canton Chinese Cuisine
Rating: 3
Text: It is conveniently located in a strip center on Ashworth.  The food is good. I asked for Curried Beef.  It is not on the menu, but they made a very tasty version. 
Rating: 2
Text: Arrived to an empty house.  Clean.  Asked for the orange chicken "meal."  She tried to immediately ring me up.  I asked if it came with anything.  She said "rice."  I asked for the fried rice then.  Then I asked about egg rolls.  She said "no".  I asked if I could have Rangoon.  She said "yes".  I asked for a half order.  She gave me the total price again.  I asked if it at least came with a drink.  She said "no".  Never offered me one either!  It came to $11.61 total, for some chicken, 3 little pieces of broccoli, 3 rangoon, and some "fried" rice.  I grabbed my water from the car...  The food did arrive in about 2 minutes though.  The chicken had no vegetables (or anything else) and was salty.  The 3 pieces of broccoli were cooked ok, but salty.  The rice had nothing in it all all, and was salty.  The Rangoon had almost nothing inside, except a smidge of cream cheese; no onion or even crab, and they too were... salty.  My water was decent though!  With all the salt, it would have all preserved well, but I didn't take the leftovers home, as I knew I would have to throw it all away later. I felt cheated of my money, and left felt wanting of more. They only gave me a single napkin and a fork too; no sticks or even a spoon.   Get a burger or go to Panda down the road.  There's a reason this place is always empty.
Rating: 5
Text: Best Chinese food in Iowa. Owners are wonderful people.
Rating: 5
Text: Small place with limited seating but very inexpensive and good food. 
Rating: 5
Text: Incredible authentic food, made fresh! Buffet is awesome, and to-go food is fantastic. Mom and pop type Chinese restaurant. Fresh vegetables, etc. Homemade crab ragoon is so good.  Chicken in seseme chicken is crisp not soggy. Small place very cozy. Buffet for lunch and dinner, plus to-go food. You can ask for 3 crab ragoons instead of the normal one ragoon, one egg roll, and soup - no problem, same price. Restaurant closes between lunch and supper (2-4:30 I believe). Lunch prices are only $6-7. No peas or carrots in fried rice!
