Cap City Fine Diner and Bar
Rating: 2
Text: I am in the minority when it comes to this restaurant.  I had no choice because I lost the discussion on where to go for lunch with my group of friends.  I have always thought this as a mediocre place to eat.  Just right for an older crowd that just likes average food.  The food is under seasoned and there really isn't any variety.  It reminds me of "comfort food", but it isn't my comfort food.  I do like the desserts there.  The tall chocolate cake was worth it and it made up for my lunch.  I should know I should just stick with desserts when I go there.  I am a runner and I like more options of fish, vegetarian etc., but I am in the minority with this crowd.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice family atmosphere for large parties. My family and I had a wonderful time here. The service was fantastic for our party of 25. The food was very delicious, a little high priced though. Great place for family. Our service was excellent.
Rating: 5
Text: Extremely great service from Jennifer. She was so attentive and so very sweet. The dim lighting and atmosphere was very calming. The food was very timely brought out. The food was all delicious. My hubby had a steak and I had the crispy fish and chips. Everything was fresh. Never had to hunt our waitress down. She kept making sure everything was going well and good to our liking. Thank you for your service Jennifer for our great night out.
Rating: 4
Text: Really nice atmosphere and the service (David) was amazing. The selection of food, while a bit pricey, is rather nice. Wine and drink options are also very plentiful and while I don't drink wine, the 7 Sisters moscato that my date ordered was delicious. As was the Banana-Rama milkshake I ordered.
The reason I am giving only 4 stars is because I ordered the Southern Fried Chicken (oddly boneless for fried chicken) and, while cooked well, it was a tad greasy and pretty bland. It seemed there was no initial seasoning (salt) before the coating. The mashed potatoes that came with it were dry to the point of being able to cut them. The skillet beans that came with it are amazing and I could eat just those.
All in all, definitely not a bad experience. I would go again to check out other options.
Rating: 5
Text: Been here twice and damn it's good. Absolutely no complaints. Meatloaf, amazing! Thanksgiving dinner sandwich, awesome! Service is fantastic.
