Captain's Quarters Restaurant
Rating: 1
Text: We were very excited to be trying a Louisville icon restaurant. We had reservations for 5 people at 6 pm. The reason for the excitement was not only coming to your establishment, but we were celebrating the birthday of our very dear friend. The 1 Star was the unprofessional performance of the staff. After we were seated with menus and flatware, no one stopped at our table not once but several times. The neglect was apparent and our host was becoming frustrated. After 10 minutes of watching this neglect our host went to the hostess stand to share his dismay of how things were going with our table. Upon his return we felt this was rectified. Much to our surprise we still were getting the cold shoulder, no resolve. We got and left went to another iconic seafood restaurant up the road. And our evening celebration of our friends birthday was not a total loss.
Rating: 1
Text: My husband and friends wanted to treat me to dinner there for my birthday. We had a 6 pm reservation and were seated almost right away. But we sat...and sat...and waited for someone to great us, ask us for a drink order...something! More than 5 waiters/waitresses passed our table and never acknowledged us. My husband even went to the hostess to let her know 15 min. or more had gone by without us being waited on. After another 10 min., we walked out. I'm very disappointed. And the management should be, too.
Rating: 5
Text: Came here for lunch. Service was excellent and food was delicious. Would recommend to any that would enjoy a nice, lo-key lunch and a nice view of the river.
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful water views. Great live music. Good food but pricey. Lots of outdoor dining. Rented their Party room and asked for another table and was told they didn't have any; then , they brought more out for other patrons, why did they lie ?  Make sure you settle on what's included up front.
Rating: 5
Text: great restaurant,food,service,atmosphere. you can rent a private room for a party and you can also rent the princess (boat) by the hour although price is high for both. buffet on Sundays always good hot and fresh food.
