Carmela's Bistro & Wine Bar
Rating: 1
Text: This review is directed entirely at the service of this establishment as we were not able to receive any food.

My fiance and I showed up promptly seated at 6:27pm on Friday night. The restaurant was not entirely full, but definitely busy. We were brought waters at 6:29. That was the last interaction with any employee until 6:45 when we asked another waitress if she could get us a wine menu, which she did immediately. We then asked if she could get our waitress so that we could order. Nothing happened. 

At 6:52 the hostess who initially sat us down walked by and we asked her if she could find out waitress. She obliged and said she would work on it. At 6:59pm, with no service yet, we decided to leave. On our way out, we informed the hostess that our table was available and that it was not her fault in any way. 

The original waitress that brought us our waters continually walked by our table and glanced at us, but not once did she come back over to the table. We were also seated directly in front of the kitchen and not hidden in some corner either. We sat for a total of 30 minutes without even an effort to be served food or anything other than water and the cornbread muffins they brought out.
Rating: 2
Text: The menu looked upscale on first glance, but lacked depth and cooking aptitude. The duck was grey, unappetizing, and overcooked to the point of chewing on rubber. The pig and fig pizza was the best part of the meal, but demonstrated a lack of restraint and finesse - very unbalanced. Not close to worth the price for the food, and the service was even worse.

The wine bar does not employ a sommelier, and when we asked simple questions of the waiter like the flavor profile of some of the wine on the glass list - he had no knowledge to offer. The venue is small and loud, which I expect with Nebraskan clientele, but it deserves remembering.

TLDR: Poor food, worse service, long wine list which you had better understand yourself before spending $54 on a bottle which would cost $25 in a store.
Rating: 5
Text: Been here twice and is quickly becoming a favorite "go to" place.  1st time was a date night dinner;  today was Sunday brunch.  Both times the food was outstanding!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Upscale, excellent  food, service and atmosphere.
Rating: 1
Text: I wish I had had better experiences here, but unfortunately, one of us has been deathly ill each of the last couple I'd rings we've been beer, and so we have permanently removed it from our places to eat. This is unfortunate, as the good tastes great and the wine is very good.  For us, however, the after effects are too awful to repeat.
