Carrabba's
Rating: 3
Text: My wife and I went here on Friday for our wedding anniversary dinner. The server was not very knowledgeable about beer selection so they had to offer. We ordered our entrees my wife had pasta with meat sauce and meatballs and I had to lasagna. Her dinner was well worth the money and she said it tasted very good. I got a salad and lasagna the salad was not colorful very Bland the house dressing was very little taste. The olives and other things looked very wilted was not very tasteful. I got lasagna for the portion size it was not worth the money. I would come back but maybe try something else. I think I can get bigger bang for my buck if I went down the street to the hall of garden are they have a better selection and least consistent quality in their entrees
Rating: 3
Text: Chicken parmesan was the choice for the evening. Service was great however the dish was not so great. The portion was small for 18.99. The chicken was over cooked on the underside. Very little marinara sauce.  I also liked the former interior design much better than the current open floor plan. 
Three stars is only because of the service. Otherwise I would give 1.5
Rating: 5
Text: Our server, Christopher was the best!!!! Chris even gave us our dessert on the house because it was my daughter's birthday. We did have to wait to be seated during lunchtime.
Rating: 4
Text: The place is pretty good with the food but the service could be better. I went during a slight dinner rush with 4 other people. The wait was acceptable at about 30 minutes. When we were finally seated, the server offered great service even when he was really busy. The reason for 4 stars is because we were served appetizers without silverware and we had to wait for someone to come check on us before some were brought over. This took about 3-4 minutes. The food was great except for one dish that came out cold when it was suppose to be hot. A little disappointed but was resolved quickly. When our party was finishing up, the server jumped into our conversation and was oblivious to the topic. I find the things he said to be kind of stereotyping our party and our backgrounds. 

All in all, the place was great except for the server. It could have been perfect varying on how good of a server you get. 
Rating: 3
Text: Super busy weekend. Staff really struggled with the volume of business. Had reserved wait time still waited an hour. Food was good. Still a nice place to eat.
