Caruso's Restaurant
Rating: 2
Text: I have been to Caruso’s many times, one of my favorite “splurge” meals. I’ve never been disappointed...until tonight. Extremely slow service, but the poor girl was serving 2 sides. My soup was ICE COLD. I requested to speak to manager. She was nice and got me fresh HOT soup. The breadsticks are normally delicious but tonight were over done. I rarely do a review, but I think it needed to be shared. I’m not saying I’ll never be back (hoping just an off night), but it will definitely be awhile. Just hoping someone actually reads this so they can improve. I really usually enjoy it!
Rating: 2
Text: 5 of us arrived for dinner.  Service was painfully slow and the dining room wasn't packed.  1 entree was served a good 15 minutes prior to the other 4, and when the rest arrived they were lukewarm.  It was obvious they had been sitting for an extended time prior to being served. I requested my breadstick be served with an herb mixture and olive oil rather than being drowned in slimy butter.  All they did was throw some parsley on the breadstick! It was sad. I have noticed that there is never a management presence in the restaurant. I think the visit would have been palatable had there been a manager assessing and addressing the problems.  Food isn't bad when served appropriately but it is expensive for what (and how) it is served.
Rating: 5
Text: Best Italian restaurant I've been to in a LONG time! Food was spectacular, service was stellar,. This is a long-time, family-owned restaurant where everything is made from scratch and they aim to please their customers. Clearly, they also take very good care of the people that work with them, as they all appeared happy and our server has been there for more than 20 years. Wonderful restaurant, wonderful business!
Rating: 2
Text: I've eaten here a few times before and it was always good but tonight wasn't the same.  The service was a bit slow and the portions smaller than I remember.  The worst part was I ordered the shrimp scampi which was supposed to come served with fettuccine alfredo.  I only got the shrimp and when I asked about the pasta the server said it didn't come with it.  I didn't want to be a jerk so I didn't push the issue but checked the online menu after I was home and it was supposed to come with pasta.  So, sorry for the long story but that's why I was disappointed with Caruso's tonight.
Rating: 4
Text: I like eating Italian when I'm traveling the country on a motorcycle. I saw their sign about eight miles down the road on the interstate and decided to stop on a Saturday night. it was busy they accommodated me immediately making menu suggestions and helping with the beverage selection. this is above quality Fair if you're traveling the interstate in the northwest Indiana area it's worth going out of your way for it's quality and good service
