Casey's Bar & Grill
Rating: 3
Text: The food is above average.  Unfortunately the prices are above average as well.  I ordered a salad and my wife a sandwich - both of us liked our meals.  We both ordered water and we ordered the pretzel-and-beer cheese appetizer that seemed badly undersized given it's price.  The wait staff is pretty friendly.  Overall I wouldn't avoid Casey's if I were in the area - I just wouldn't seek it out.
Rating: 5
Text: Had a lovely dinner @Casey's. The service was good and the food was tasty! They are set up well to accommodate a large group coming off a long beach day! Many beers on tap and a nice wine list! They paid attention to serving up drinks to the adults as well as nuggets and fries to keep the kids smiling?
Rating: 5
Text: Walking in you are greeted by smiling worker's. The prices are good and the food is great. I was visiting and looking forward to trying a new place, so happy to have located Casey's Bar & Grill. They even have outdoor seating.
Rating: 1
Text: Wow... really ignorant to own a bar but not allow customers to sit at a table if not ordering food. I guess I could understand if the establishment is packed and there was a long wait time for seating. However, this was certainly not the case today. 3pm in the afternoon. The two designated bar spaces were completely full while the indoor and outdoor dining areas/tables were 50% vacant. No exaggeration. We were turned away due to the fact that both bars were full, and we didn't want to eat at 3pm. They would rather deny us a table of two with at least a $20 drink ticket while allowing there tables to remain empty. Hmmm... no wonder there's a 2 hour wait at Stray Dog. Glad we at least ate our lunch there.
Rating: 1
Text: Came to New Buffalo, MI for a bachelorette weekend. After eating dinner at Stray Dog's and having a PHENOMENAL time (we never should have left), we decided to stop at Casey's to simply explore the downtown area. What a mistake that was. The service was terrible. Must wait for hostess to be seated? We didn't see the hostess for over 10 minutes. We say ourselves and then were told that we could not sit inside unless we were ordering food. You are going to turn away a bachelorette party of seven that would have spent over $300 easily in liquor, simply because we already ate? Unbelievable. Like I have read in other reviews...NO WONDER STRAY DOG HAS A TWO HOUR WAIT.
