Cattleman's Roadhouse
Rating: 4
Text: Not a lot of bang for your buck. One side with your steak is pretty disappointing. The steak provided was a little dry but very tasty. I couldn't tell the difference between the medium rare and the medium. Pretty much identically cooked. The salad bar is very good and costs extra. The side I chose was sweet potato casserole. It was very delicious and the serving was tiny. They really make you work for a full stomach.
Rating: 4
Text: The lunch 6 oz sirloin special with salad bar was delicious and very tender. It runs from 11-3, so it was our dinner.  We are traveling and it was easy access. To I65.

I got the sauteed mushrooms and onions as an add on at our waitress' recommendation. They were really good added to the medium rare steak.  The salad bar was extensive and very fresh.  Our waitress, Shawna, was very friendly and helpful as it was our first visit.

My husband got the fried green tomato BLT and he thought it was excellent.   Shawna recommended a beer he also enjoyed a lot.
We would both recommend this place to anyone. 
Rating: 4
Text: Went with my husband on a Friday night. Our server, Iris, was very pleasant and accommodating, even after I sent back my seasoned fries. They were cold and had no seasoning on them, and Iris offered to bring me a fresh batch. The manager, Andy, came out to speak with us about the fries (which was cool because I wasn't even upset, but I guess they want to make sure customers leave happy), and brought us a basket of hot seasoned fries, fresh out of the fryer. Very good customer service, and my patty melt was delicious as well.
Rating: 3
Text: Great little place with decor that you would expect. People were very friendly.  Food was good but inconsistent. Great salad bar, decent potatoes, steaks 1 for 2. Careful ordering well done cause they use a grill press. My wife's steak came out as shoe leather. Manager did right and gave us a dessert for home. Worth a try.
Rating: 5
Text: Steak was cooked correctly and tasted great. Service was great. Our server was attentive but not overly and provided every thing we wanted.
Great place to eat.
