Centro
Rating: 5
Text: Another great restaurant in downtown.  I bet my husband and I go here once every couple of months and have never had a bad experience.  I highly recommend Centro to my friend and family and to those ready the reviews wondering if it is worth it.  Its not too expensive and a great atmosphere and great food.  One of the best in downtown Des Moines.
Rating: 2
Text: Overall my experience wasn't terrible, but when I measure Centro up as a fine-dining establishment where the main entrees are in the $20+ range I found it to be lacking and probably not someplace I'll be going back to.

Seating
When my wife and I ate there it was relatively early (5:30 PM) on a Saturday night so it wasn't too busy yet - I think this helped considerably because, as the Google Maps Photos and other reviewers have commented, if the place was packed then you'd have people sitting 2 feet to either side of you. I know it's not a very large venue, but I feel that trying to squeeze as many seats into the space as possible is not the solution.

Food/Drinks
I had the Spicy Sausage Rigatoni and my wife had the Chicken and Prosciutto - The food tasted good, had good presentation and we both had enough leftover to take home for a healthy leftovers portion. We each had a drink - I ordered a Bellini, which I would not order again, and my wife ordered a Pomegranate martini which she liked. I found the drink-selection process to be cumbersome because they brought us a tablet with an interface that didn't really work very well and on the whole was not an improvement over simply printing out a drink menu with what alcohols were available and what their specialty drinks might be (back to the old adage that Less is More).

We were surprised/disappointed that there was no desert - or at least none that was offered to us.

Service
As I mentioned, it was early on a Saturday evening, and the crowd of wait-staff that were standing around just watching us as we talked, ordered, and drank/ate was a bit unnerving. Our waiter himself was okay, I wouldn't say that he was great. He seemed polite and professional but considering the place was not busy at all he didn't spend any more time at our table than he had to.

A small issue I had, and maybe a little trivial, was that I was very much disappointed that our waiter did not grate fresh Parmesan cheese on our meals for us. After having that service at chain restaurants like Olive Garden and Bravo, I was very surprised that Centro skimps in that regard. 

One other thing - we thought it was a little peculiar that he didn't offer to send the remainder of the complimentary bread home with us.
Rating: 2
Text: Not a dreadful recent experience, but for Centro, was not up to par. I had a great cocktail but the service for it was slow. I dined with friends and our appetizers were great, but when the entrée's were served, some of our food was cold. We had to send it back. I also found the corking fee slightly higher at $15 than some other surrounding restaurants at $10 or even fee free. I do know Centro has no corking fee on Sunday's only.
Rating: 5
Text: Very reasonably priced lunch that is always delicious. Great happy hour with $5 martinis. Only bar seating during happy hour.
Rating: 1
Text: Update: the restaurant has failed to follow up on our complaint. Here is my original review: Waiter was a cold fish. He never smiled or made us feel welcome. Food was as average Italian as I've ever had, in fact it seemed like a non Italian's guess at what Italian food is. I lived in Italy and know good from bad. Vegetables were so overcooked they drooped in half when I held them up on a fork. Won't be back. Spent $150.00.
