Champps
Rating: 5
Text: Went at an off peak time for lunch with a colleague. I had one of the best chopped salads ever. Added grilled chicken and had the full size portion. So flavorful and delicious. Our bartender/server was attentive and very friendly. Location is close to campus and downtown which makes it very convenient to wherever you need it get back to.
Rating: 5
Text: Sat at the bar. Bartender came right up and brought us water. Took out order quickly, he was cool even though we weren't drinking. He ran our food and it was still hot. Everything was good. Tipped him fat. I always have a good experience here...
Rating: 4
Text: Kids meal was good and sizable for the price. Some come with sides, others don't (fries were extra but only $1). It says on the website that it comes with a sundae but I didn't see it on the menu and has to ask. Nachos were already getting soggy by the time they got to the table (my only complaint) but they were still really good, tons of toppings and I ate them as a meal and there were tons of leftovers. I'm taking them and most of the fries to my hubby now! Atmosphere and server were awesome.
Rating: 1
Text: I cannot even give this location half a star, (except that I must check at least one to be able to leave this review), everything was terrible, from the food to the service.  To start THE worst dining experience I have ever had, we were told that there would be a twenty minute wait, that was just fine, until it turned into a 35  minute wait, while we counted no less than 15 empty tables that had yet to be cleared.  When we were finally seated, we asked to start with two waters with lemon.  Five minutes later, water comes out, no lemon.  Okay, no big deal, right.  We ordered, GF chicken fiesta tacos, and a fried Buffalo Chicken Sandwich for my husband.  Lengthy wait, but food finally comes out and 1) It's cold, 2) the chicken sandwich was grilled and not fried as he requested, and 3) the first bite of the taco's (with a soft corn tortilla), split the tortilla and what little bit of chicken in it, fell out the bottom.  To top the experience off, they had a Bruno Mars loop on repeat, the entire 1.5 hours that we were there the same 5-6 Bruno Mars songs played on repeat.  (I love Bruno, but that was a bit tedious).  I will never return to this place, the food, the service, and the atmosphere were all horrible.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food and great service. We were a group of 22 ( arrangements made in advance, of course). With a group our size, some of the service was a little uneven -- a few people were served their entrees after everyone else had theirs for at least 5-10 minutes. But when you consider the size of our group, we really couldn't complain about anything. The kids liked their food, too. The cookie ice cream sundae dessert can easily be shared!
