Chart House
Rating: 5
Text: Great Atmosphere! Perfect for a romantic date night. Beautiful view of the river and Cincinnati skyline. Food was delicious and service was great!
Rating: 1
Text: 6/21/17: So I have eaten at the Chart House several times since December. I have a rewards card. I decided to surprise my father for a lovely prime rib dinner for a belated birthday / Father's Day gift with his daughter tonight. I had to remind our waiter about our drink order and my father couldn't even cut through his prime rib. One would think, his replacement meal would be complimentary, but no, I paid full price! So, I took home the piece of prime rib and my cat ate the can of fancy feast over the meat! I wish you could see the pic I took!

Update as of 7/4/17: the general manager Eric called and spoke to me and said he wanted to make things right and he would be sending me something in the mail. It's been 14 days and I have received nothing. What a disappointment if you can't even trust and believe in the management team.
Rating: 5
Text: Great location, great view, great service, and awesome food.  We were a group of 16 and the staff was very attentive.  The food was prepared most excellently and in a timely manner.  Our experience was perfect.
Rating: 5
Text: Great  food ..awesome view.. William  was great  waiter. Prime rib melt in your mouth.
Rating: 1
Text: My wife and I chose the Chart House for our wedding anniversary dinner because we had eaten there several years before and found the setting excellent, and the food good. 
We arrived around six, and were told by three young girls at the front desk (who were hardly engaged or welcoming), that a table would be ready soon, have a seat in The lounge. After sitting for a half an hour,  we noticed that there might be outside seating on the balcony,  and that there were multiple empty tables out there. Weasked if we could possibly get a seat there a little sooner? Unapologetically, they replied, “Oh, we don’t tell people about the outside dining because there’s not a lot of it there…” 
Seated outside, with a spectacular view of the Ohio River and Cincinnati, we soon got water, but no silverware or napkin for another 15 minutes.  
As appetizers, we ordered the lobster bisque and Thai coconut soup, both of which were good to very good. They cleared the empty soup bowls, and said they would be right back.
After another 15 minutes, they finally took our order for Hemingway snapper, and stuffed flounder.  I made the specific request to the waiter that, while this was a fish house, and they certainly would know how to cook fish, that I would make a specific request of the cook that if they erred, I would rather have the fish on the under done side rather than over done, and Apologetically said that I presumed they  would never over cook fish. 
After 40 minutes we hailed our waiter and asked how it was going…?  He said that a large party had come in, and had gotten their order in before ours, but it would not be long… 
Finally, at 8 o’clock, two hours after we had arrived, the snapper and stuffed flounder arrived.  The waiter came back within five minutes, and asked how it was. I said “it looks fine“, (not having had a chance to taste it.)
However… While the Parmesan crust and crab pieces on the top of the  Hemingway snapper was delicious, the fish was seriously over cooked, dry and mealy.  20 minutes later, I waved the waiter back.   I told him that the fish was way overdone, and ask them if he had given the cooks my specific request that it be on the underdone side. He insisted that he had given that message to the cook, apologized profusely, and said he would have the manager come by to speak with us. After another 15 minutes with no manager in sight, we asked another waiter to find our waiter to bring us the check. On  our way out, I tracked down the manager and reported the problem. He claimed that he never heard of the problem at all, and dryly apologized. 
It will be a very long time before I ever go back to the Chart House. The venue is gorgeous, but the  quality of the food has declined severely, especially for the upscale prices.
