Chaumette Vineyards & Winery
Rating: 5
Text: Booked a villa for a night because we were attending a wedding. Absolutely beautiful!!!The wedding and reception area were very charming and the buffet was very nice and quaint.It was a great experience! Ordered a breakfast tray for the morning after the wedding and it was very good. The amenities on site were nice and we made a reservation for lunch the next day and we were NOT disappointed! Beautiful presentation and well prepared. You can tell they use quality ingredients... it comes thru in the taste True to form it was on par with the rest of the facility. It was one of the most relaxing weekends my wife and I have had in a long time. My only minor complaint is the while the servers at the reception and the Tasting Room were all very pleasant and helpful they lacked some refinement that would bring another level to this great place. But please don’t let that stop you from visiting... it really was a great experience and we will be back!
Rating: 2
Text: Today was my 4th visit to Chaumette and I've enjoyed each outing (especially the live entertainment); as well as brought someone new each time I've visited. Well today while dining, there was a dog walking on the patio not accompanied by anyone and I'll be the first to tell anyone, I'm afraid of dogs and am not an animal lover.

One of the guests in my party asked if the dog could be removed and was informed that it was the owners dog. I remember one of the staff coming onto the patio and being told by another staff that the dog had gone to the front. Within 20 minutes the dog had returned still unaccompanied.

At that point, I removed myself from the table and went on the inside. My server asked me what was wrong and I told her. It appeared to be no big deal to anyone except me and my party. I finished my meal on the inside which defeated my purpose of being at the winery, paid my tab and left. I don't like being uncomfortable in any environment and therefore will not be returning.
Rating: 2
Text: I felt the wine was mediocre and over priced. The food was over priced and not worth it. However, my friends loved the wine. The views are the best part of this winery.
Rating: 4
Text: Great wine and great views!  Very nice, fancy place, but seemed kinda pricey.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I visited Chaumette for our anniversary in mid-April, what an amazing experience.  We relaxed on porch overlooking the valley while we waited for dinner time.  At dinner, the food was excellent and the waitress was exceptional.  My wife, unfortunately has a gluten allergy, so sometimes finding restaurants that can accommodate her can be both challenging and exhausting.  The chef rewarded my wife with an extremely flavorful and beautiful meal.  Will come back repeatedly.  
