Chestnut Mountain Resort
Rating: 4
Text: This is a partial review of Chestnut Mt. resort. I did not stay at the resort during my visit. I did however ride the Alpine Slide and have lunch in the bar/restaurant at the top of the bluff.

The slide was a blast. I'm a tall guy and fairly solid at 6'-1" / 235 lbs and I thought that might make the ride less enjoyable, but it did NOT! I think I had more fun than you normies due to my larger mass and the way gravity acts. The 1/2 mile ride maybe hits 20 mph and lasts oh, maybe 5 minutes? Definitely worth the $8. It's very simple to operate and  most children over 7 should be able to operate and safely ride without a problem. I think you actually have to be 7+ and 48"+ to go alone, and I think that's a good guideline. After the blast down the hill, you ride the chairlift back to the top. Unfortunately, I was too early in the fall to catch the leaves changing, but I bet that's an absolutely spectacular ride during peak coloring. 

My lunch was pretty good too. I had a huge, breaded & fried pork cutlet on a really soft roll. It was fried perfectly and the pork was very tasty and the breading super crunchy without being drenched in grease. I had a draft beer with my sandwich, and the reason for subtracting 1 star is due to the beer. First, it was fairly expensive at (if I  remember right) $7.50 for a pint glass. Additionally, there was a slightly "off" taste to my beer, which I attributed to being dirty lines from the keg. I overheard a customer a few seats from me telling her friend that her beer tasted "funny" too, so it wasn't just me. 

Anyway, that said - lunch was good and the alpine slide was fun and I recommend a stop here if you're around Galena. I took the attached picture on 9/24/2017 and it was just a gorgeous day.

As an aside - I'm a sport bike riding motorcyclist. Blackjack Road, one of the most fun riding roads in this area, leads right to this resort which is a definite bonus!
Rating: 5
Text: Took the boat tour of the Mississippi and it was by far the very best boat tour we've ever been on. Captain Bob & Karla did a fantastic job of keeping everyone entertained with their endless knowledge of the facts about the Mississippi as well as the surrounding territories. Most boat tours narratives sound like they're reading from a script, but not this one..Captain Bob and Karla both had a great sense of humor that kept you laughing as well as informed during the hour and a half cruise. The views were stunning on the tour cruise and we even got to see the sun set on the Mississippi as we were reading the ski lift back up to the top of the mountain. Beautiful & highly recommend this boat tour if you're in the area!
Rating: 5
Text: My family loves Chestnut. It is a great place to ski. The staff had always been friendly and helpful. It is the best place to teach anyone how to ski or snowboard. There are trails for everyone and a great park!
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed in an Edleweiss guest room with a Jacuzzi in it. The room size was spacious and was perfect for a romantic getaway. The food in the restaurants were fantastic and reasonable for the price, especially the morning breakfast buffet. We will definitely be coming back.
Rating: 5
Text: As a co-owner of Absolute Music, I am happy to give a 5 star review to Chestnut Mountain Resort. They do a fantastic job. We love DJing events here!
