Chestnut Street Inn
Rating: 5
Text: An incredible experience! I am not typically a B&B person, but I loved staying at the Chestnut Street Inn with Monika and Jeff. Monika is an incredible chef - like, award-winning professional chef. She could easily be head chef at a Chicago restaurant. The inn is clean and filled with treasures from travels, and Monika has the stories to tell behind each of them. The Moroccan style of some of the meals is very delicious and unique. Definitely stay here!
Rating: 5
Text: It was the nicest and most comfortable bed I had ever slept in. I absolutely love the place and the owners. There was such a good energy and spirit there. I also know that they have the best food you could ask for. And also the healthiest.

Rating: 5
Text: Wow!  When I read reviews of places to go, I usually decline to read the bad ones and the top ones and read those in between to get a better feel of a place.  But when I see ALL 5-stars and one one-star, I HAD to read the poor review.  
I find it humorous that a person that "had to cancel" twice AND knew the rules regarding cancellations, got his panties in a wad.  Sure, bad luck happens, but how often do you expect to get out of a tight spot?  Plus, the man is a "pastor" and says "I don't wish you ill, but I'm going to slam you every chance I get," doesn't seem to be very christian.  
Looks to me that Chestnut Street Inn went above and beyond what they "should do" by offering a free stay at their place to the disgruntled christian, but I have to wonder why they would do that to someone who will obviously come to their place with a rotten attitude.
I  know why:  Because they are classy people with a classy attitude and THAT is why they have ALL 5 stars and ONLY ONE one-star.  
Stay home, Pastor.  Bureau county is just fine without your help.
Rating: 5
Text: Wow. Unusual, not-to-be-missed place in several ways. First, the food. Your breakfasts aren't going to be just eggs & sausage surrounded by muffins & banana breads. Monika, a real-life certified chef creates thoughtful meals that are nutritious, creative, and delicious. We never needed to eat lunch - not because we were full of empty bready carbs - but because there was always plenty of protein and complex carbs. Dinner one night was the Greek theme & I was in foodie heaven with every course brought out - absolutely worth the price. Mom, who is Greek, spoke a phrase to Chef Monika, then translated it: "This is so good, a mother would not share it with her children!"

Secondly, there are a lot of common spaces to lounge in. I came with Mom, who said that none of her & Dad's many B&B stays had such welcoming areas. J & M's furniture is not spindly nor historical enough that you're afraid to sit on 'em. Just nice comfy couches & chairs to read or chat in. Lots of outdoor lounging, too. 

Third, J & M are extremely accommodating - have you ever heard of a B&B where YOU can pick the time you want your breakfast made? That does not exist in the B&B world. Mom & I slept in our first morning & came down at 10:00 for our breakfast, while others had wanted an 8 a.m. meal. 

You want a campfire at night? Jeff will make you one. You want some fresh (excellent, locally-brewed) coffee at 3 p.m? Ditto. Monika and Jeff are genuinely friendly and will be as engaged with you as you want. If you wanna be left alone, they figure that out, too. 

Even though Sheffield itself has no particular attractions, Chestnut Street Inn stands on its own since you need go nowhere else for your meals (they will make you a lunch, too, though we never requested one). 

Mom & I stayed in the Green Room since it has two bedrooms and a separate sitting/dining room. Be prepared to want to move in. It's a private apt, which can be locked at both entrances so that no one else ever passes through "your" hallway or doors. We observed the Rosewood Suite & it's absolutely gorgeous - perfect for romance with a private dining room & awesome bathroom.
Rating: 1
Text: Had to cancel the night before due to our dog having seizures.  They don't allow dogs and the dog was in no condition to come anyway.  This was our 2nd cancellation.  They stole our $ the first time for $180.  Now we have to eat $140 again.  I asked if he could have compassion this time and he said no sorry.  That blue room is always open; they know ot anf I know it.  Don't go there go to a real bed and breakfast.  Highly dont recommend going.  Your welcome guys for your donation.  After a $275 vet bill
  Things happen guys.  I dont wish bad on any of you. But I'm a pastor and you can bet your bottom $$ this story will be retold 100000 times to as many people as I can.  I dont make much and thats a lot of $ for me.  God Bless and running your business like this will eventually lead to its demise.  Dont stay here!!!! Go to motel 6!
