Chicago Marriott Oak Brook
Rating: 1
Text: They gave us such a hard time about everything. The room was booked as a gift over the phone and was told that everything was paid for and taken care of by the representative on the phone. According to the front desk this was apparently not possible. They couldn't charge the card on file unless we didn't show up, then they could charge the card on file. Yes, it was that strange. The rooms are fine, but we did have a towel with some blood on it.
Rating: 1
Text: I would strongly suggest you don't choose this hotel if you can have any other choice. They steal your money!!!
I have been Marriott member for 2 years and I decide to cancel my membership. 
I made reservation and cancelled it 7 days before the free cancellation date based on Marriott policy because we changed to stay in another hotel close to Downtown Chicago. I have email from Marriott with cancellation number. But I was still charged  for the cancelled service. When I called the cancellation line in Chicago Marriott Oak Brook, the staff( his name was Steven) showed extremely inpatient attitude and stated he can't find my cancellation number and transferred me to counting service. But he actually just put me on hold and then hanged off phones when I tried to call him again. I had to file complaints to Marriott customer care service while I have not received any update after 2 days.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel experience,  bathroom was small but very clean with everything in it's place.
Nice big screen TV, nice beds
Hotel breakfast staff n food was great!
I Will stay there again
Rodger Link 


Rating: 5
Text: We had a great stay. Room was clean and had everything we needed. Great breakfast buffet. Will definitely stay here on a return trip.
Rating: 3
Text: Room was clean and bed and pillows were comfortable. However room was loud from interstate traffic, people above and any time someone opened their door. Bathroom is a terrible design. You basically have to get in the bathtub to close the door.
