China Hing Restaurant
Rating: 1
Text: I called and order delivery. The person on the phone said no problem we'll be right there. I called an hour later and told him to not worry about delivering my food- I would just go somewhere else. He assured me my food was already out for delivery. Twenty minutes later my food arrived. I let the delivery girl know I called an hour and 15 minutes ago and she said they were very busy. I told her that it's just feedback to take back- the person on the phone would have been helpful if they said that; I could have made other arrangements.
Rating: 2
Text: Service was bad. Ordered crab rangoon and had to go up and pay extra for the sauce, then when I started eating them it was just a ton of cream cheese and no crab meat. Definitely not the best place around. 
Rating: 5
Text: Best Chinese food and best prices in the area
Rating: 1
Text: HEALTH CODE CONCERN!!

I ordered take-out from here tonight, as I have about twice per month for the past 3 years. Every time I order, I spend an average of $50. Tonight, my wife ordered online, and stipulated "no vegetables" in my food. When my food arrived, it had vegetables (not a rare occurence, but not something I get upset about).

I called to let them know they made a mistake, and to please correct the error. When the new food arrived, the delivery driver asked for my original order back. I have no idea why a restaurant would ask for food back, except to resell it to other customers, so I called the manager to ask. We had a verbal altercation where he repeatedly stated that was company policy. He could not tell me why it was company policy, and did not apologize for anything. Instead, he accused my wife of lying about specifying "no vegetables".

Due to significant health concerns, I am calling the St Clair County health department tomorrow. If you eat there, please understand you may be eating somebody's contaminated food.
Rating: 4
Text: This place is pretty awesome. Great Chinese food for a good price. Probably better to do take out tho. Eggwoll And peci
