Chipotle Mexican Grill
Rating: 5
Text: I love Chipotle! I have never had a problem here, very good service, fast and polite. They offered to pay for my daughters food because she accidentally spilled a little bit of her rice on the floor as I was paying, it was no be deal but considering they saw how upset my daughter was, without asking or making a big deal. Out of there own hearts they bought my daughter dinner. Very kind people with big hearts
Rating: 5
Text: I like chipotle and one on south Perryville road Rockford is awesome. The staff is so friendly and nice. Few times I get confused but they help me a lot. And I am vegan so What is better than chipotle.......I love it
Rating: 5
Text: The employees are always so sweet and pleasant, and the food is always en pointe. Nothing but good things to say about this location. Keep it up, guys!
Rating: 2
Text: This was my first time here and it will probably be my only visit! We had a promotional buy one meal, get one meal free card. We looked it over carefully to make sure we understood it before going in...didn't want to be embarrassed at the register. Anyway, I ordered tacos and my husband ordered a burrito. I put guacamole on my tacos (I did know this was an upcharge). No drinks. We were taking our order to go. When we got to the register, the woman accepted the BOGO card and gave a total over $20!!! I questioned her immediately saying that seems high considering one meal is supposed to be free. She gave an explanation I didn't understand. There was quite a line building behind us so I figured we could inspect the receipt and not hold up the line. Upon closer look, the only thing we were given for our BOGO was a single serving of guacamole!!! This is NOT what the card said at all. We are very disappointed. We questioned it at the time and she knew what was given for free. She also knows what SHOULD be given. Aside from this, the food was very good. The interaction with the employees was positive  although I wish there was/were more direction about what is included and what's an upcharge. Too bad the register transaction was so negative ?.
Rating: 4
Text: Went during dinner on a Friday night - line was out the door for at least an hour. Staff did an excellent job at keeping the line moving while making sure everyone was served correctly - make sure you know your order (and how to order) in advance! A longer wait if you want chips. Bathrooms were not well attended during the dinner rush. Would stop in again.
