Chocolate Bar
Rating: 3
Text: Went there for dessert. Ordered Aztec hot chocolate. It was OK. I was expecting something different. It was too decedent which didn't sit well after dinner. Molten lava cake was very flavorful. If only it was served with vanilla ice cream it would have been perfect.
Rating: 5
Text: I had coffee; a Cuban panini; and French onion soup for lunch. The soup was average but the sandwich (that came with chips was good). My wife had the same except a corned beef Reuben instead of the Cuban. Her sandwich was good, also. Service was great and the menu is packed full of original chocolate pairings and drinks. Cool place!
Rating: 5
Text: Food was really GOOD! Fast servers! Great places to eat! It was $23.00 for 2 of us to eat and we had 1 pop. 

Hard to find a parking spot.
Rating: 5
Text: My daughter took me here for Mother's Day and we absolutely loved it! It was our first time trying out the Chocolate Bar, and we were not disappointed.  We had reservations, so we were able to by-pass the line and  be seated at a very nice table for two. The ambiance and lighting  were perfect for a relaxing dining experience. Our waiter Devon,  was great!   He was very helpful with his suggestions for food and drink, and  his service was perfectly times to our needs. The food was absolutely delicious! I got the Chocolate Bar pasta, which was made in a creamy,white chocolate sauce infused with spices and my daughter got the Parmesan crusted shrimp and steak, which was expertly cooked to a perfect medium. We also ordered an appetizer, which was a deliciously grilled baguette blanketed with a dark chocolate and sea salt spread, accompanied by kettle chips and wonderful olive oil/chocolate dipping sauce.  The martinis were masterfully blended,  as not one flavor stood out from another.  There are so many flavor combinations to choose from,  it was like a martini nirvana!  Dessert was a triple, chocolate layered cheesecake,  which was a takeout order, as we were very full from all the delicious food and drink.  All in all, it was an amazing dining experience,  I found the prices to be very reasonable, (Martinis $10 ea, appetizer $10, each meal $13 and change/$14 and change, dessert $7 and change as well) and we will most definitely be vising again in the near future!
Rating: 4
Text: This place was amazing! Stopped in for martini. Never had one before. Ordered chocolate dipped strawberry. Out if this world!! Menu of Martini's was exhausting. Difficult to just pick one. Can't wait to go back!!!
