Chop House
Rating: 3
Text: We came here for our anniversary. Service was fantastic, and the appetizers and drinks were very great quality and delicious ; for that we definitely will be coming back.

We had never been here, and assumed a place called the Chop House would have a more Texas or Southern grill kind of flair ; instead, the inside felt very fancy to us, and we felt a bit awkward in our T-shirts and jeans.

The main course also fell a bit flat, and wasn't the best steak I've ever had. I would recommend The Chop House for a lunch or cheaper dinner, rather than a place to go for steaks.
Rating: 1
Text: I came in with my veteran husband, mother and sister. We asked for a TABLE not a booth and was told it was a 45-50 minute wait so we waited. After an hour and 15 minutes they lit up our reservation disc and took us to a booth. When we tried to tell the hostess who was really rude and had a major attitude about us not wanting a booth she asked who took out info. There were 3 young ladies standing right there at the hostess podium and they asked me directly if I wanted a TABLE or a booth. If she then went to check their little reservation tablet and informed me that none of the girls who took my info out that we wanted a table and that it would be ANOTHER 2 hour wait. So...when I asked for a manager she pointed to a woman on the phone and then went to helping another customer with a flippant "That's her...". I was so upset and embarrassed. I traveled from out of town to visit my family and take them to a nice restaurant and the hostesses at this restaurant were completly unhelpful and rude...on top of that we were sitting listening to customers come in and they kept taking other people who came in without a reservation BEFORE the people who were waiting to get a table. I have never been to a place that treated their customers with such blatant disrespect. I doubt we will be coming back EVER to this restaurant with how their staff treats their customers.
Rating: 2
Text: My first experience here - recommended by my wife based on reviews.

They had a rough night in the kitchen as this was my medium filet. 

They didn't charge me for the bill however and offered to cook another. Even when your busy must maintain quality.

The manager never visited the table in my case, but did for another couple with the same issue with the steak.

Eric Q
Rating: 5
Text: It's named the Chop House for a reason.... their chops are great!   and at $17, a value for what you get.   In addition to the excellent pork chops, we also enjoyed onion rings, seafood pasta, some kids meals... all were very good.  Service was adequate, but not great.
Rating: 5
Text: This is our favorite  place to eat but during  one visit I had to send my steak back. My husband  was finished  with his meal when I received  my new meal. Manager was very gracious  he  comp both our meals  and gave us free dessert.  Our waitress  was excellent  and very nice. Manager  did an excellent  job taking care of us. This is way we continue  to come back here.
