Chopstix
Rating: 1
Text: We order Chopstix delivery every week and are regular, loyal customers. We ordered again today, and were maybe 3 minutes late to come downstairs to pick up the food. The elevator was malfunctioning and we had to walk down the stairs (reason for the 3 minute delay). To my surprise, our delivery driver called me again and screamed, "Where are you!?". I expressed that we were walking down and that we were sorry for the delay, but it could not have been longer than 3 minutes. Upon meeting with the delivery man, he was extremely rude and started with "Who are you?! Why did it take so long?". I am extremely disappointed with the tone of this delivery man and will no longer be eating at Chopstix. It is sad that they are losing such a loyal customer. I will be telling all my friends not to order here again either. This is extremely unacceptable.
Rating: 1
Text: Chopstix used to be much better. In the past few years the quality of the food has taken a sharp downturn. Sometimes it will be good, but other times the chicken will be rubbery and tough and inedible. It’s sad that it’s come to this.
Rating: 4
Text: Good food for the money. Dine in is not the best idea.
Rating: 1
Text: I ordered delivery on a Sunday evening after getting home right around dinner time. It was just the kids and I so I needed some quick food to be delivered after traveling most of the day. I received a phone call from a Wisconson phone number later on. I couldn't understand all of what the person was trying to say, but I heard "Chinese food open your door". I was really confused because nobody knocked on my door. When I opened the door there was a man at the end of my driveway with the food, as if I was going to meet him down there. 

We always order from Chopstix (3 or 4 times a month give or take) because we are a fan of their food. I ordered general chicken and white rice, $10 or $11. Kind of expensive, but the big portions and good taste make it worth it. However, the general chicken was overcooked this time. I couldn't chew it because it was rubbery and hard, kind of like it was overcooked in a microwave. I definitely couldn't serve this to the kids. This was the second time we've received bad food from Chopstix. The first time we just threw the food away because we had other items that could be shared.

I called the restaurant to see if they could send out a fresh order since we couldn't eat the delivered order. The manager said he couldn't send his driver again, but I could come pick up the new order as long as I brought the messed up order. I explained that I have 3 kids and can't get out right at that moment. I asked again for the driver to bring us a fresh order and was denied again. I then asked for a credit for a future order and was denied. I then asked for my money back. The manager said if I wanted my money back I would have to come to the restaurant and bring the bad food. 

Let me explain why I went back for my money. 
1. Chinese food restaurants are well known to have poor customer service, but normally nobody cares because the food is damn good.
2. My meal was $11. Not a big deal, but I spent $20. There was a $7 delivery charge because I live 6.5 miles away from the restaurant (they deliver up to 8 miles according to their website). I told the driver to keep the $2 as a tip.
3. The manager stated that they are not supposed to deliver where I live. I asked why and he said because it takes his driver 30 minutes to complete the delivery. I asked why he says 8 mile delivery on their website and he completely ignored my question and followed up with 'we have problem with people over there'.

"We have problem with people over there"
When I came to the restaurant for my refund, I asked him what he means by this. He said the "people that live in the neighborhood always cause this type of problem." I repeated what he said, and he said "yes, you people don't want to pay". I told him to check his order history under my phone number so he could see I have been a good customer for years, but he just ignored me and asked me to leave.

So because I didn't think it was fair to pay $20 for rubbery garbage, I am causing a problem. As a business owner, you do not judge a person based on where they live. That is not how you treat a customer or anyone for that matter.

We will not order from Chopstix again. I recommend Green Jade as an alternative -Green Jade is always FRIENDY and the food is always on point.
Rating: 1
Text: They freaking suck the lady who takes orders is very rude and doesn't understand English and gets upset when you talk to her slow or to a point where she can understand continuing to tell me I CAN HEAR I ordered shrimp fried rice and received chow mein noodles and shrimp they wouldn't bring my correct order back out gave me a ten percent discount instead all in all very bad service
