Chung Ki Wha (???) Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: As an Army Veteran, I have eaten at many Korean restaurants. This is the best of Korean flavors in a buffet setting. You grill your own meats at the table (think Fondue) which is fun!  If you are unsure about Korean food(as my wife was )and you want a seafood buffet, come here! You will not be disappointed! FRESH and prepared with a mother's love. Please disregard the North vs. South Korea comments below- go in and enjoy the feast. Many local Koreans eat at Chung Ki Wha so they must be doing many things right!
Rating: 1
Text: My husband wanted to try something new so we decided to give this place a shot. I’ve lived in Florence my entire life and had only been there once, with my parents; I remembered it being really unique and seemed perfect for a fun, peaceful night out without the kids. 

Unfortunately, we never even got to eat. There was no indication if we should go find a seat or if we needed to be seated and so we decided to wait and stood at the hostess podium, when you first walk in, for nearly 40 minutes. There were, literally, 3 people in the entire dinning area and the server walked by us twice. Most of the time she hid in the back, other to check on the couple of tables, periodically. Not one time did she come back to the hostess station until we finally were so aggravated that we left. 

We’re never even attempting this place again.
Rating: 4
Text: The food is always amazing ! The owner is very nice. I would recommend going on a weekday because they would be less busy. When it gets too busy she gets overwhelmed and can't tend to you as much.
Rating: 5
Text: I have been coming here when I have the opportunity for some years now. This restaurant is family owned with over-the-top hospitality. It is a raw bar, with a great selection of meats and vegetables that you take back to your table and cook them on your own using a charcoal barbecue grill right at your table. I have only seen one of the restaurant similar to this and it was not in the United States. I can't see how anyone would leave a bad review when this place is amazing.
Rating: 1
Text: This one start is given to the food. Actually, I'd like to give a 3-star to the food, and negative 2-star to the service. My parents and I went there last evening, because this is the only Korean BBQ restaurant I know in town. As an Chinese from Beijing, we went to Korean BBQ restaurants many times in Beijing, and their service are pretty high standard. However, the hostess of this restaurant is terribly bad to customers. Last time when my colleague and I went there, she charged extra fees for the beverage, which she said as a much cheaper price when we ordered. This time, she acted even worse. She refused to change the BBQ grill (which was completely black with the overcooked food residuals) for us, and laughed at us, said "Are you Chinese? Are you first time to eat BBQ? If you don't want to eat this, just go anywhere else!" Can you imagine that was spoken out by a restaurant hostess? Moreover, their buffet price is $39/person, yes, one more dollar compared to last year, even expensive! But just a few choices for the buffet food!
