City Diner South Grand
Rating: 1
Text: You know the old saying--fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.  This was my second time visiting in the past year, because I don't like to write a place off after a single bad experience.  Shame on me for returning.  The service is brutally slow, and the food isn't nearly worth the wait.  Specifically, avoid the french onion soup and the diner burger.  The soup was flavorless, and the burger--which was supposed to be topped with chili--looked like an employee took it to the bathroom, squatted over it, and let loose.  When it came time to pay the bill, management rejected my $20 gift certificate because the business was sold to a new owner and the new owner was no longer honoring them.  (Luckily, this is not an expensive place.)  A fitting conclusion to my final dining experience here.
Rating: 4
Text: I always stop by when I'm town. They're prices are great! I recommend coming here for brunch and lunch. They're french toast is delicious!
Rating: 1
Text: Diners beware: This is not the place it used to be! Never have I experienced worse service anywhere. I was frustrated and regretful that I chose to  take out-of-town guests to the diner today. It became clear that none of the other tables were being served either. One star is too generous. Something is seriously wrong. Where is the manager? the owners?
Rating: 1
Text: The sign said Seat yourself.  So we did. After 10 minutes of no one ever looking at us, we decided to ask for menus. The server got an attitude because we interrupted her sitting at the next booth chatting with friends. Then when she finally did bring the menus she stated that the server will be over shortly after another 15 minutes of no one even acknowledging we were there we turn around and see every part of the wait staff and the manager leaning over by the drink area chit chatting and laughing we decided to leave. It used to be a nice place to go and it used to be a nice place to eat now the service sucks and you can't get anything to eat.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff greeted us promptly, she gave us time to look at the menu (which is massive, we had a hard time choosing) she was friendly and attentive. We ordered French toast (which was the most amazing French toast I have ever had-ever) my husband ordered the Cuban sandwich-delish, and I had the ribeye sandwich-amazing. Seriously, we were both shocked and impressed, so glad we didn't listen to the negative reviews.
