City Limits
Rating: 1
Text: City Limits has the worst staff I've ever seen. Last night my girlfriend and I went to bowl and have dinner, after waiting to be seated for over 5 minutes with about 10 people total in the restaurant we decided to seat ourselves because and I quote the bartender "there's about to be a brawl in the kitchen". After taking the initiative, the old hag with purple hair threw our menus at us and walked away without saying a word. We ordered our food and it came out pretty quickly. The wings were only half covered in sauce and were hard as rocks... oh and I forgot to mention we had to ask for silverware twice before getting up and grabbing it ourselves. The wait staff here is the worst I've ever seen. We didn't tip and I hope that she knows she was being a grade A c***. Anyways we went to rent bowling shoes next and the young lady working the counter said 'what do you want' when we walked up. Needless to say we just left without giving that sh**hole anymore money. If I ever return I plan on being rude back. This is the third awful experience I've had here in 2 weeks 
Rating: 4
Text: Went here for a lunch meeting. Was fairly busy but I didn't have to wait long for a seat. The menu had a pretty great variety. I highly recommend the City Limits Michigan Salad. The staff was friendly, attentive, and not intrusive while we were talking. Would recommend to those in the area. 
Rating: 2
Text: I think I got a touch of food poisoning,  didn't eat all my dinner about 1/2. Had bad stomach pain and was in bathroom alot for 24 hrs after I ate there. Usally very good food and service.
Rating: 4
Text: We were part of a large group. The wait staff were wonderful, they were friendly, respectful and quickly responded to our requests. The food was very good with the best French Fries I have ever had. Great place for a family outing with good food and bowling available. 
Rating: 5
Text: We love to bowl and eat pizza. This place is perfect! Friendly staff, good local craft beer section. We visit here often.
