Claddagh Irish Pub
Rating: 3
Text: The place was mostly empty but the service was slow. The host seemed uninterested and sat on his phone the whole time we were there. Our waitress was nice but didn't know the menu and kept forgetting drinks and our orders. The salad was listed gluten free but came out with pasta. No one knew if it was supposed to be that way or if the pasta was rice based. Food was pretty good but still gave us a chain restaurant feel. Liked the ambiance  of the room.
Rating: 5
Text: Went here with friends for a special occasion and were so pleased and impressed with the accommodating and friendly service, not to mention the food was great!!! Jack, the host, rearranged tables by the fire to accommodate us, we loved the atmosphere here. Megan was our waitress and she was very attentive and knowledgeable about the items on the menu. We will be back! ???
Rating: 5
Text: Went here with my brother last night pretty late, around 9pm. The place was almost empty, which made me wary at first. Was seated immediately, and served by one of the nicest waitresses I've ever met. She seemed genuinely happy to serve and was extraordinarily polite and attentive.

We started with the Scotch eggs. I'd never had them before and didn't know what to expect, and was impressed. They came out hot and fresh, the breading perfectly crispy and the egg yolk just a little runny. They were fantastic, especially with the mustard sauce. I then got the fish and chips.  Now I eat a lot of fish and chips - this was by far some of the best I'd had. It was one large filet in a crispy, but not too thick beer batter. I really liked this, as a lot of places serve really thick pieces of cod in a dense breading that makes it difficult to cook evenly. This filet was wide and not too thick, so the breading was crisp and cooked properly with the fish inside cooked perfectly to a nice medium flaky finish.

The fish was served over a large helping of potato wedges - their "pub chips" - and an equally large serving of coleslaw. I don't really like coleslaw, but this was pretty good and I had a few bites. Still not my thing, but very creamy with a nice flavour. Well done. The potato wedges were to die for. I'm a sucker for good seasoned wedges, and these were great.

Overall I was very impressed with everything I tried. The only negative point of the meal was my brother's burger not being as well done as he ordered. Other than that, 10/10 service and food quality.
Rating: 2
Text: Ordered a drink and it arrives with a dead fly in it, the waitress was extremely slow and she over charged me. Love the food but extremely unsatisfied with the service.
Rating: 4
Text: Food is good if a bit pricey.  Staff are generally very friendly and attentive.
