Clara's on the River
Rating: 4
Text: Don't believe Google Maps when it tells you to park across the river and walk! 0 stars for that bit of advice when it was pouring rain. Clara's has a lot on it's side of the river, no matter what Maps tells you.

As for Clara's, the menu is extensive--great for large groups with varying tastes. Can't decide between Mexican, pizza, pasta, subs, or more? This place has you covered! Food was great, atmosphere was interesting, drink menu on point... Just not many vegetarian or vegan options, unfortunately.
Rating: 5
Text: Get the Mile High Chocolate Pie, it's AWESOME.
The place is REALLY sweet. The setting is wonderfully done. The place is a remodeled really old train station. They have a HUGE fireplace (as pictured) that is in my estimation (by memory) maybe ten foot long by six feet tall. The tables are nicely sized and you aren't squished in and without elbow room.
The food is delectable and fine.
The help there are many and great workers. Tip them well if you can. ;)

Overall my GF and I LOVE going there.
Rating: 4
Text: I was expecting so much more although nothing bad to say about this place. It reminds me of a ordinary sit down restaurant. Good prices. I did read in the reviews they don't except service animals. If I find this is true I will move my rating to a one star.
Rating: 3
Text: It breaks my heart to write this, but the famous Clara's on the River has seen much better days. The old train station setting is still very attractive if not dated. However, compared to a decade ago, the food has seen a definite decline. What used to resemble and taste like something closer to made to order now tastes very processed and rushed. This was once my go to when entertaining business relations and management from the head office. I now go to the Canal Street Cafe in Augusta for those needs. I really hope that Clara's takes a look at their massive menu, simplify and opt for quality over quantity. I'm cheering for this place.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food, lots of selections, great atmosphere. Ample space, enough room between and around tables. Everyone can enjoy their own night out with friends, without having to listen to another tables conversation.
