Club 390
Rating: 1
Text: This club is becoming the worst Club in Chicago!!! And trust me I've been there from the beginning, when they're was pool tables and the girls were friendly, polite and Hot!!! And Nick didn't have a limp!!! And Chris, Tom and Dino used to shake my hand and thank me for coming in, And champagne room were reasonable priced, and the pictures of the girls on the walls actually work there, some of those girls haven't worked there in over 10 years!!!!

Plus when you actually went there on a Wednesday night and it was jam-packed!!!! Now the place is dead, the girls are rude, ignorant and 25 pounds overweight!!!!  

Me and my buddy we're there for over 2 hours and none of the girls came up to us at all!!! But there was 3-4 girls sitting next to us stuffing their face and bitching and moaning about how money they weren't making!!!! 

So after about 45 minutes of listening to this we decided to leave and go to polekatz where the girls they're treated us like royalty and we ended up getting great back rubs and lots of dances and talk to some wonderful girls. That's the way it used to be here!!!!!

This club gets worse every year! and I think it's because of management, all they care about is whoring the girls out and  selling champagne rooms!!!!! 

Plus They need to give some props to the wait staff instead of beating them up all the time threatening the fire them. If it wasn't for them this place would already be close just like Allure Gentlemen's Club which they owned!

Here is my advice stop remodeling the place because every time you do you make it worse!!!! Nobody likes this new design feels like we're sitting on school bus you, might as well put seat belts in the chairs if that's the look you were going for!!!! And remodeled the management, security and the girls!!!! 

Customers could care less how the place looks, we care about the entertainment and the service we receive not how the establishment looks!!!! If that was the case Jimmy's would have been closed 20 years ago!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Wow this place is awesome, Gracie and Asia are the most friendliest, best dancers around. My husband and I went with a group of friends and we all love this place. My husband and I recommend Gracie, she's awesome and very friendly. HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER FOR SURE AND ASIA. THEY'RE THE BEST!!!!!!!!?????????????????????
Rating: 1
Text: Went with a group of seven ordered two bottles and as I was playing the slot machines a stripper walks up to me and I told her watch my machine and I'll give you $20 as I go to the washroom she clears my machine of 175+ dollars and walks off... when I bring it to management they get mad at me and kick me and my group out before the second bottle was even touched and as I have made several attempts to resolve this issue there has been no response back from management nor the owner Dino.... Been going with friends for years but after this this I will no longer....  The worst part is I now have a group of 10 people ready to leave 10 more reviews!!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Nora is definitely one of the cutest girls there. She’s your girl next door type and is extremely talkative and will certainly make your heart race!
Rating: 5
Text: Girls are always friendly and fun to be around. I have always had a great experience every time I visit.
