Club Soda
Rating: 5
Text: Great place, very refined and elegant front desk and receptionists. exceptional quality food, nice decoration inside and outside. Highly courteous waiters, a very romantic place for two, also great place for a gathering or reunion. Not a minute there we were left unattended. Music was very smart and mild. I highly recommend this place.
Rating: 3
Text: Great food, price could be better. You can literaly go to 4 other places in town and get the same quality for half the price. Pretty excited no wait time on a Friday night at 7P.M.
Rating: 1
Text: I was really looking forward to a wonderful experience... I was totally taken away with the ambiance..We were greeted and seated promptly by the hostess. As we waited..Nearly 40 minutes without acknowledgement I noticed no wait staff and the only customers were to the back of main floor. When the hostess returned she did everything but actually strip and straddle my guest. This went on for about 7 minutes and after the most unprofessional and distasteful display I have ever witnessed by an adult she took my guest drink order and left without acknowledging me until she returned with their drink. After that it was a good hour before our dinner order was taken and another wait for it to be prepared. I would never recommend them and will never return! If trendy equals rude and has no moral compass you can have it! Shocked & Appalled!
Rating: 5
Text: Between the casual trendy atmosphere where you can almost imagine Frank Sinatra sitting next to you and the impeccable service, I have decided this might be my favorite restaurant in downtown Ft. Wayne. When you throw in a spicy shrimp cocktail featuring shrimp bigger than my hand,  I felt as if I had died and gone to heaven. Drinks  are a twist on old classics which went down quite well. My steak was cooked to perfection and so tender I barely needed a knife. I will be going back often. 
Rating: 5
Text: Enjoyed happy hour prices and a $20 bottle of wine. We decided to try a variety of appetisers and the banana cheesecake.  Everything tasted fantastic and had a lot of flavor.  Our server was very friendly, attentive and accommodating. She made sure that a food allergy was adjusted for. Looking forward to going back.
