Coconuts Caribbean Beach Bar & Grill
Rating: 1
Text: I probably will never return. Even after buying their WAY over priced food and drinks you think the water would be free or give people the option from the bottle or just a glass. I felt the food was way over priced. And not a very big selection.  My husband and I split a meal and I still felt robbed at the end of the night between our one drink each and a water each. We came at around six and ate about two hours before closing. The waitress stopped paying attention to us after we got our food and then seemed like she was trying to rush us out the door because she wanted to go home. I have worked as a waitress before so I know how things can get. But it wasn't busy at all. I was overall very upset with how the visit went and probably won't be returning. Sadly this is how most all lake bars are.
Rating: 3
Text: Looks like a great place, however it truly is a place for over 21 or under 12.  I'm not knocking that, but if you have teenagers who want to swim, I don't think this is the place for them.  The under 21 pool is a kiddie pool and the lake area is kiddie size as well with a kiddie slide.  Again...not a complaint...just something to think about for the in between ages. It seems perfect for adults with small kids.
Rating: 1
Text: The atmosphere is amazing, drinks are made well and priced accordingly. However, after closing out a 150$ tab the waitress explained to my wife that the tip was not efficient. I will admit that the tip was more than reasonable for the service acquired (15%).  My money. My rules. Get a college education. Don't depend on tips to pay your bills. WILL NEVER RETURN
Rating: 4
Text: They really improved their food quality last year so it's not just a great place to party it's a great place to eat. The new pool is also very nice
Rating: 5
Text: Love Coconuts! We look forward to going here every year in LOTO and it never disappoints. This year they went above and beyond with all the upgrades and improvements to an already awesome lake destination. Fun DJ and music. Adult pool was much bigger and had a new kid friendly pool area. It is also so clean. We didn't have our kids with this trip, but will definitely be back with them!! 
