Coco Bolos
Rating: 5
Text: So, we had a waitress named Brianna tonight, beyond amazing service.  Always a smile on her face, and so sweet to our 2 boys.  It was very busy tonight, however the waitress next to us wearing the same type of smile, helped cover our waitress when she could/as needed.  

Even the management stepped in.  We saw them helping customers, and checking on overall experience that guests were having.

The food!  The cooks had our order for a table of 5 out to us in less than 20 minutes after we order, and it was phenomenal.

The drinks! The bartender served the best margarita I've had in a very long time.  I realize they are made in a large volume to accommodate the many guest that they have to serve as I saw him refill his pitcher several times in the course of time we were there.  The way he had to refill it visually unappealing, made up for it in the quality of the spirit.

The partnership!  We met one of the business partners Bud Cox.  A delightful man, and very proud of his partnership in this business.  He has every right to be.  His operations manager whom we also met, has done a fantastic job.

From the front of the house, to the back of the house we had an amazing experience at this establishment.  I'd highly recommended anyone to make CoCo Bolos, a must go to while in Manhattan KS.

I happily paid my bill, but made sure my wife had enough time to thank as many employees as she could.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food and great service. The drinks and deserts can be a bit pricey, but the entrees are so well priced it all works out.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is like tv dinner food. Bland, unseasoned food. Chili powder seems to be the main ingredient in the salsa. From other reviews here, I thought it would be good. It is difficult to screw up enchiladas, but they managed to give me a plate of dog$%!#... Horrific to be one of the best in Manhattan! I wouldn't give it one star but the beer was cold.
Rating: 3
Text: It's a good place to grab sangria with friends on Wednesdays, and there's a patio. Not a huge fan of the food, which is bland and Americanized.
Rating: 5
Text: Really tasty, but surprisingly small portion sizes
