Colasanti's
Rating: 5
Text: A great place for people of all ages to enjoy. On the weekend, the best time to go is early in the morning, as it can get really busy around noon onward. Some of my favourites from the restaurant include the freshly fried donuts and broasted chicken. There is also a small petting zoo, mini coasters, and an arcade. One of my favourite seasonal features here is the indoor botanical garden- there's a wide variety of plants and cute pots.
Rating: 2
Text: When I was a kid we loved riding in the wagons, seeing the birds and animals and looking at greenhouse after greenhouse of plants. It was all about family time.

Now this place is all about draining every last penny out of you. Arcades? Roller coasters? In a green house?!?! Everything has an admission fee. It's turned into a sad entertainment carnival.
Rating: 1
Text: The food was okay but it was liking going to a feedlot. While there were a number of celebrations going on the general sense of the place was that people were there for quantity. Go to a counter, pay your money, get your hand stamped and the head off to consume more calories in the next hour than most people should have over the course of two days. We did experience the tropical effect since it rained and water was cascading  inside in numerous places.
Rating: 4
Text: Colasanti's is open 363 days of the year. It has grown into a conglomerate business tacky at times.

This store created the red cactus bulb on top of another. Colansanti's was the FIRST nursery to perfect this phenomenon and put them on the map to stardom.

Present day they have grown into a somewhat tacky tourist destination by installing indoor kiddie rides with roller coaster, party event destination.  You can now buy women's clothing and shabby chic wall art, even dinner buffets that it's absurd.

Came for a visit in August 2017 and toured the premises. Best value deal is purchasing garden planter boxes. Under $10 and comparison pricing in Toronto is $50 and up.
Rating: 4
Text: Kids had a blast.  Great Section for plants hard to get otherwise.  Donuts to die for!
