Colby's Fine Food & Spirits
Rating: 4
Text: Colby's has really good food, even if the price can be a bit steep (unless you can get the early bird dinner!) A lot of people say they like the classy atmosphere, and I don't disagree, but it feels a little dated. Maybe that's part of the charm though. I've never met Colby MacQuarrie but I know his son Collin who manages Colby's Deli a block or so away. If his son's a reflection of his father, then the MacQuarries are good folks.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is wonderful! The service and food was amazing! I recommend the grilled salmon sandwich or the prime rib. If in Owensboro again I will definitely come back!
Rating: 3
Text: The food was ok. My problem was with the pricing. I ordered a half portion which is offered on their menu and they took less than $1 off of the cost. Which is fine. But I was not informed that ordering a half portion would cost.the same as a whole portion.
Rating: 5
Text: Colby's has some really good food, the Salmon sandwich is great.  I recently had Lemon Pepper Chicken Penne and it was good.  It came with a side salad and it was more than enough for lunch.
Rating: 2
Text: I'm very disappointed at our first (and only) dining at Colby's. The menu says, "Layers of thinly sliced prime rib topped with mushroom demi-glace. Served on thick Texas toast with mashed potatoes and our house salad." What we actually received looked like a Hungryman TV Dinner. It was basically an open faced roast beef sandwich with mashed potatoes and brown gravy...on a thick piece of toast. Nothing was thinly sliced, the "Demi-glace" was just plain brown gravy. Nothing about this was fine dining but the price. Everything on the menu was WAY overpriced for the quality you received. Go up the road to The Miller House if you want a great meal. Go to Cheddars if you want the quality of Colby's...and you'll pay less for it. The service we received was on par with the food. It's a shame, because I was looking forward to a great night, and received very sub-par.
