Colonial Steakhouse
Rating: 3
Text: On a diet, so I was limited on the menu, but the choices looked great. I just stopped by for a salad bar and overall, I had a good experience. The atmosphere was pleasant and the service was fine. The only knock I have, and mind you a pretty big one, is 2 out the 4 glasses at my table had lipstick stains on them and the other 2 had water spots and were cloudy. The server was quick to get a clean glass. So in response to the poor dishwashing, and lack of notice by service staff, I give the 3 stars. 
I would recommend it to any traveler looking for a decent meal, just look over your glassware closely.
Rating: 4
Text: We travel frequently between MO and CO and for some reason have not tried Colonial before tonight. We checked the area for a dinner stop and found good reviews. We hadn't eaten at a fried chicken buffet for awhile so we decided to give it a try. The chicken was very good, but the mashers and gravy were outstanding. I passed on dessert to have an extra helping of them. Our server Terri was very nice, and told us a story about waiting on a bunch of guys and accidentally spilling two kernels of corn on one mans lap. He accused her of doing so on purpose. She then scraped the plate on his lap and said "no I did not, but I just did so now." His companions were overjoyed and tipped her excessively. The rest of our food was average tonight but since the chicken and mashed potatoes met our high expectations a good time was had by all.
Rating: 5
Text: Home cooked food just off the interstate. So much better than the fast food options & you can sit down in a cozy atmosphere & take a break before getting back on the road. Great food, excellent friendly service.  Absolutely perfect travel break!
Rating: 5
Text: Clean,  family atmosphere, low cost, quality food on an all you can eat buffet, that about sums it up!!!!  Great tasting steak, shrimp, fried chicken, mashed taters and gravy.... Even the tea is good.... All served by happy agreeable people in a pleasant environment... I've been to places and paid twice as much for half as much food that was half as good....
Give this place a try you'll be glad you did.
I was going to order off of the menu( the reviews of the ribeye were so good) but decided on the buffet at the last minute due to the fried shrimp and steak already on the buffet.... Besides now I have money left over for breakfast, I  will return I recommend this fine establishment.
Rating: 4
Text: Just happened to drive through and discovered the place, but this local place has excellent foods and service. The rib eyes steak is amazing. The waitress was busy, serving our big group of 16 with great attitude and smile. We're all very pleased with our meals. 
