Colorado Grill
Rating: 5
Text: I lived in Colorado for almost 15 years and I've been disappointed in so many Colorado-themed restaurants in other states, but this time was different.  I really enjoyed The Colorado Grill.  The menu is a real delight, lots of different choices you won't find elsewhere.  The food was  Colorado casual which is to say it borrows on a lot of different traditions. 
 That makes sense since most people in Colorado aren't actually from Colorado.  It brought me back and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Our server Nakota was awesome.  All around great.  We'll be back.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice enough place. The food looked good but we only stopped for a drink. Three of us ordered Bloody Mary's all of which appeared to have little, if any alcohol, in them.
Rating: 5
Text: I'm not sure what issues may have precipitated the negative reviews, but the Colorado Grill was an absolutely unexpected delight and surprise!
My mother and I are out-of-staters, and happened to be in the area for some warranty and repair work on our RV. Not wanting a fast food lunch, we decided to give the nearby Colorado Grill a try. We found the decor to be fun & welcoming, the hostess that seated us, however, was not. That aside, we decided on a pair of Monte Christos... one with batter-fried fries, the other with cottage cheese. Let me tell you, I have enjoyed food of every cuisine, price range, and 'status' in every US state, Mexico & Canada, and this place will now be on my list of favorites! The portions are generous, the pricing very fair, the taste...fantastic! (brownie points for reinventing two perennial favorites and making them better!). To top off all this fanfare of accolades, was our server, Nikki V. This young lady's talent for making you feel 'right at home' as-if-we've-been-friends-all-along with her shining personality and excellent customer service skills, is truly off the charts.
Would I recommend the Colorado Grill?
Absolutely!
Rating: 5
Text: Hamburger was delicious. Waitress was delightful. Price  very reasonable.
Rating: 4
Text: Very good food. Breakfast burger is great and so are the sweet potato fries!
