Colton's Steak House
Rating: 2
Text: Service was great, but food is terrible. The only good food was the rolls and peanuts. The salad were old and soggy. My husband's steak was cooked well, but it tasted burnt and had a lot of fat on it. I'm pretty sure the onions straws were there to mask the taste of the steak, but they were too salty as well. Their loaded mashed potatoes taste like butter and that's it. Their ribs were ok, but they had a lot of gristle, so ever bite I was spitting some out. Coleslaw tasted old and we went at 1130 in the morning, so there was no excuse. Fried green beans tasted like fried mushrooms because they cook them in the same oil as the mushroom. Service great, food disappointing.
Rating: 2
Text: Now I gave it two stars because every time I went here for dinner and got steak  it has been awesome, but this time I was there for lunch and got a burger . The Waitress wasn't that bad, bit of a Smart Alec although the kind that smiles when she's telling you off. I told her half my burger was under cooked even showed her. She proceeds to ask if I wanted any pink I said yes given I asked for medium. But the burger looked like ground beef right out of the package at room temp with the outside cooked. she sent it back then brought the same burger with some new lettuce and a new bun with really nothing else done to it. Guess I know better then to go back during lunch when their slow.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food ! We ordered the ribs and 6 oz steak and it was more than enough to feed two adults. My daughter had the chicken and applesauce and enjoyed both. The honey rolls were fantastic great dinner
Rating: 4
Text: The service was really good and my food came pretty quickly. We sat in the lounge where the bartender waited on us and she rocked it even with a few other tables. I had the 10 oz Ribeye with mashed potatoes and green beans and it was really good. I ordered my steak medium rare and although it was slightly overcooked it was still very good. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good tasting meal and great service
Rating: 5
Text: Prompt service, good selection, liberal portion sizez, respectable pricing and great tasting food
