Columbia Star Dinner Train
Rating: 5
Text: An absolutely wonderful experience.  The train appears to have not been altered since it was built in the mid 1900's.  Beautiful velvet chairs, folded white lines, and the candles on each table made the experience that much better.  The bartender was also the owner and manager and went far above and beyond to create a warm, pleasant experience for the guests.  The food was great, not to mention the skill that it must take to prepare it on a moving train.  We will do this again! -andy & alyse
Rating: 5
Text: Great food, great service, and the trip lasts just the right amount of time.  My prime rib was outstanding and my wife loved the pasta dish (vegetarian option).  If you want something out of the ordinary, I strongly suggest giving this a try.
Rating: 4
Text: My wife and I recently took a few friends to board the Columbia Star Dinner Train for a dinner excursion. We were absolutely delighted by the atmospheric journey through americas heartland and delicious food that was brought to us by the attentive and friendly wait staff. We started off with a delicious and elegant shrimp cocktail that was waiting for us when we arrived. Very tasty and set the tone for the rest of the trip. We ordered a bottle of their rare Cava sparkling wine which was complimentary to the meal that was brought out to us. A smoked salmon BLT was our appetizer which was very small but still very classy and tasty. Then salads and bread were served which were mediocre but not bad. Our main courses were the real star of the show. My prime rib was rich and flavorful and extremely satisfying. My wife had the chicken which was also tasty. Overall the experience was fantastic and I would recommend it to any one who would like a historic journey with great food.
Rating: 1
Text: This experience left much to be desired. Upon arrival, many guest showed up in jeans and street attire; some with their crying children. My spouse was instructed while making reservations to dress in our "Sunday best". We boarded the train at 6:30, and about an hour later was severed the appetizer, keep in mind I ordered a vegetarian meal, and was severed an appetizer with bacon on it; go figure! The beer and alcohol beverages were severed about room temperature, slightly cool, and the "conductor" drink I ordered was not good, at all. I had to ask for a separate glass of pineapple juice to add to my drink, which I was charged extra for. The entree was served around 8:45; my risotto was very undercooked and crunchy. The "wait staff" was very neglectful. The dessert was an awful combination of chocolate, pecan, pumpkin pie, which was horrible, and I could not partake in due to the fact that I have an allergy to nuts. I informed the "head waiter" that I could not eat the dessert (thank god), at first he left me with "we can give you fruit", I politely declined, and then about 10 min later he approached out table with a piece of lemon cake, that he informed me he had to take from the "supply" for another meal, and made me feel has if I should be grateful he was making "special" accommodations for me, to make me happy. I was thinking I paid $150.00 for this miserable experience, shouldn’t I at least get my dessert. The couple sharing our table with us was speechless, and my spouse was furious. All four of us were happy when the disaster was over. This was a pretentiously overpriced disappointment; I should have stayed at home in my PJ's and rented movies!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: From the moment I got here I knew this was going to be something special.  Pulling up to the train I was excited.  We waited around for awhile and then were given our boarding passes and got on the train.  As soon as we sat down we had a nice waitress come over and offer us some drinks.  I ordered a glass of Syrah and my wife got some Moscato.  Both of us got our drinks fast and I particularly liked the Syrah.  We got appetizers and salad and bread and just when I was almost full my prime rib came out.  It was by far one of the better prime ribs I've had in my life.  The desert came out and it wasn't that special just pecan pie but the bartender talked about a desert drink called the Loose Caboose and both me and my wife laughed at the name.  We both ordered it and it was AMAZING!  We only had one because it was almost time to get finished but I wish I would have heard about it on the first round!  After everything was done me and my wife had an amazing time.  It was really interesting to eat on a train and the good drinks and atmosphere made this a time to remember for sure.
