Columbus Funny Bone
Rating: 5
Text: Always have a great time when going to the Funny Bone. They bring in a lot of great comedians and I frequent the club at least a hand full of times every year. Staff is usually on point with the speed of their service. The atmosphere is what a comedy club should be, dark, packed, and not too big. Make sure you research each comedian before going to see them to ensure you'll enjoy their material. It's not their fault if you get offended by their jokes. Great for date nights and for a good laugh after a rough week.
Rating: 2
Text: Note, this is a review of the SERVICE not the entertainment.

While the headliner (Drew Lynch) was absolutely fantastic and I would see him again if he were to come back to Cbus, the rest of the experience was completely lackluster. I waited 25 minutes from the time I sat down until my server came to my table for the first time. Over the course of the night, she barely stopped by my table. At one point, I wanted to order a glass of wine (at least I knew there would be booze in that, see below) and kept looking around to try and find my server for 15 minutes before I could finally flag her down.

I ordered a cocktail and it was the weakest drink I have ever had and I even ordered (and was charged for) a DOUBLE. I got the Southern BBQ potato skins which were very good, but the onion rings were just mediocre and definitely NOT with the price.

If I come here again, I will definitely NOT be ordering much more than a glass of wine.
Rating: 4
Text: The club is nice in general I actually got invited to after parties with cheryl underwood 1 night and again with Tony Rock at buckeye cafe. We hung all night even played several games of pool. Now the so so. The seats at the front of the upper level need to be reworked. Kind of amused and the wall lit's sight lines 
 How about a glass/ plexiglass wall so you can and the talent can see how we came out in support. Will return so have tall glasses for draft beer
 :).
Rating: 5
Text: I had a very nice time at the show seeing the Legend.. Mr. John Witherspoon
Rating: 5
Text: My first time there, had a blast. I love the setup . Really nice place.
