Conor O'Neill's
Rating: 3
Text: My family and I were visiting Ann Arbor and came across this pub. We are outside. There was 7 of us, 4 adults, 3 kids. The food and service were pretty good. The downfall was there was no kids menu. 

The Brie appetizer was crispy and delicious. It was only served with 4 pieces of bread. We were 7 people and had to ask for more bread. The kids split fish and chips and wings. They said they were pretty good. I had a chef’s salad with Guinness honey mustard and a Bloody Mary. My husband had the mozzarella salad. My mother in law had the orange salad and father in law had a steak sandwich. All the food was pretty good, nothing amazing or outstanding. They also told us they had a shortage of potatoes. That is quite shocking, an Irish pub out of potatoes!? 

The patio is nice. Overall an okay place to eat when other places were on a wait. There are definitely better places to eat and drink.
Rating: 4
Text: Food was good. Very well priced. The service was fine. I say not great because it wasn't that busy when I went so not sure how they work under pressure. Also I'm not sure where the racist remarks are coming from because our waiter was a black male. So if they were racist he wouldn't be working there. He was nice and polite and joked around with my little cousin. I would go there again.
Rating: 5
Text: We watched the Eclipse of August 2017 at Conor O'Neill's at the patio. Happy Hour was offered all day in celebration of the Eclipse. Our server was Julie; she was extremely efficient, professional and personable. So nice!! The shepherd's pie was as delicious as any served in Ireland. Unbelieveable!  The inside decor and atmosphere is totally authentic. The owner/manager is a pure delight. We cannot wait to go back!  Thank you!
Rating: 3
Text: Stopped in for lunch, I had a fresh mozzarella salad with a Bloody Mary, to much balsamic dressing on the salad. We had a party of 7, over all the food was alright. Not great. Would probably be a great place to come for drinks and appetizers not former food
Rating: 1
Text: Would not recommend anyone to eat here. Their treatment of African Americans is purely racist. A male took his client here for work and was asked for his credit card. He was told he looked like her would dine and dash. This was told to him in front of everyone. This is not how you treat a paying customer. Do not dine here.
