CONRAD'S Restaurant & Alehouse
Rating: 4
Text: We go to Conrad's to watch Mizzou games. We usually order a meal as well as drinks. They have a number of beer options, some less well known. The food is good. I often have a burger and really like the "black & blue" burger. We have had several other meal options and have liked them. They have steaks, some pastas, chicken options, and other "bar foods".  They also have good iced tea. One negative, to me, is that they have changed to a system where they seat you instead of a bar-like place where you choose your table. Because we go to watch a game, I prefer being able to choose a table which I prefer for viewing the game.
Rating: 5
Text: This place has absolutely fabulous food! The service is usually excellent except I have noticed on Sundays it's not so good. Maybe they train new servers on Sunday? Either way the food is superior!
Rating: 3
Text: Relaxed atmosphere, friendly service. I had the Cajun pasta and it was so spicy I just couldn't eat it, I brought it home for my son to eat. My husband had the salmon with the pineapple mango salsa and really liked it. If we are ever in the area again I will just have to try something else. They had a great beer selection and nice clean bathrooms. I would visit again.
Rating: 5
Text: We decided to try a place we had never been. Crystal was our waitress. Crystal was excellent! She was friendly and engaging. I am a big Foodie and we were extremely impressed with all three of our meals, appetizers and the AMAZING Carrot Cake. I think that is THE most Amazing Carrot Cake we have had hands-down. Definitely would recommend for the great food, hospitality and cozy atmosphere.  We will be back.
Rating: 2
Text: Good beer selection.  Slow service. Took forever to get 2 beers, it Wasnt busy.  Buffalo chicken salad had way to much buffalo sauce. Would recommend getting sauce on the side.  Buffalo chicken sandwich was good, however the fries were gross and soggy.  Pic was taken after we had finally gotten our beers, had it been taken at the end of our meal it would have been 2 thumbs down.
