Cool Crest Family Fun Center
Rating: 4
Text: Certainly for older kids. But still alot of fun for the whole family. We could've spent all day here. Employees need to be a little more friendly it makes the difference because of my experience with staff i would consider going somewhere else.
Rating: 5
Text: Like they say a family fun place! The miniature golf is extremely fun and great exercise. Get out of the house and take your family!
Rating: 4
Text: My kids love this place, they say its better then chuckie cheese.. it's affordable and there's lots to do. Mini golf, go-carts, a jungle gym and the arcade!  Only little issue is the bathrooms, when I've gone they are kinda gross. Food is okay.
Rating: 3
Text: Very busy the night we went. Could have used more staff at counter to accommodate the crowd. Overall the golf was fun they have several courses to choose from, go carts were fun, it would be nice if they updated or expanded that area. Batting cages were run down. Staff friendly. 
Rating: 1
Text: I always Loved coming to this establishment since i have been a kid.I haven't been there in 9 years, they have the best selection of mini golf courses in the metro area. I've never had a bad experience until today when I had my seven-year-old daughter there with me playing mini golf and a homeless man was walking around to every single person playing mini golf holding a sign saying that he's homeless and he needs money and begging all the guest for money even the parents that had young kids with them. I think that they need to have security guards outside to make sure things like that does not happen to guess when they come to spend money at There establishment and that every guess feels safe with there kids,I've always taken my daughter to Paradise Park in Lee Summit and today I told her I wanted to take her to Cool Crest where I used to go when I was little because they have the best miniature golf courses. I understand that there are less fortunate people in the metro area but when I come to have a good time with my daughter and spend money in a establishment I do not expect someone to come up when I'm playing miniature golf and beg me for money. I would suggest that they have more security so experiences like this don't happen ever again. My daughter was very upset about the situation and it was really hard to try to explain to her what happened.. I would hope that the owner looks into this situation to make sure that this doesn't happen to any other guests trying to spend money at his establishment. This is the worst family experience that I have ever had with my daughter when we were trying to go have a good time.
