Cooper's Hawk Vineyards and The Vines Restaurant
Rating: 2
Text: Came in on a Sunday afternoon for lunch. They were out of stock of their Iler Cider, all draught and bottled beer (with the exception of Coors Light which was locked up). Our server claimed they had a wedding last night and ran out.

Beautiful venue and has a nice feel, but obviously whoever does their ordering is terrible at their job.

Service was slow. Wine came quickly but a sparkling water took 15 minutes to receive. The fridge containing the Coors Light was locked so I couldn’t get one.

Food orders were incorrect for 2 out of the 4 parties. 

Food was decent, but not anything stand out. Service was poor at best. Could be a decent place, but unfortunately that was not our experience. With all of the wineries in the area, there is absolutely better out there.
Rating: 1
Text: Location is beautiful and the wine was good, but the management staff was seriously behind the ball. We made reservations weeks in advance to eat, only to find that 2 out of the 4 menu options were unavailable. To add to this, our orders were already taken and now had to be re-taken 20 minutes later. Overall, it took 1.5 hours to receive food and caused us to miss our other planned/pre-booked events.

I'll never visit this place again.
Rating: 1
Text: Went to three vineyards and this was by far the worst. The food was good, the vineyard and available area was beautiful but the staff was rude, blunt, and basically, moody. 
We were given 4 tastings which were not our choice but chosen for us, and then denied any other tastings cause we had had the "max of 4" 
Instead of being explained this, or given the option to pay for a tasting (which is ridiculous), the staff member whispered to everyone in front of us not to serve us any more tastings. We were then told " well your aren't the worst I've had" when we apologized for having a party of 30 in one room....

Bottom line, didn't buy any wine, would never go back, and would never recommended to anyone.
Rating: 5
Text: Tasting was fun!
Their wines were excellent. The Cab Merlot 2011 is exceptional. The Baco Froch is unique and refreshing. We loved the the little insulated clutch bags that they sell. Got me some insulated sippy cups to go. Friendly knowledgable wine counter service. Talented wine maker and beautiful facility.
Rating: 5
Text: Went to Cooper's Hawk for mother's day brunch. Service was exceptional and the food was very good. I also signed up for the monthly Cooper's Hawk wine club. My wife and I enjoy 2 bottles of Cooper's Hawk wine each month, and the best part, it is delivered to our house. 

Thanks for everything!!!
