Cooper's Hawk Winery & Restaurants
Rating: 5
Text: Wow, can you say amazing everything? We loved the food and the waitress, Tiffany, did great for the amount of tables she had to work. Even under that huge stress she was such a sweetheart and genuinely seemed happy to be there! If we ever go back we will be asking for her. Weird to see an employee who enjoys their job nowadays! 
The manager was nice and came over to ensure everything was perfect and went over the wine club with me. And the prices were perfect for ordering an appetizer, 2 entrées, Mary's Potatoes for my daughter, 2 drinks, and a bottle of wine. I was shocked it was under $100 for such a nice place. If there was a downside to our visit it was that the booth we were first in was too hot. We were able to move to table. Besides that everything was perfect and I took home a few bottles of wine. Also, we got complimentary Chocolate Covered Strawberries and Truffles I think for signing up for the wine club. 
Ona side note, this is also a  wonder place since it was great for someone with food allergies since they have allergen menus.
Rating: 5
Text: The atmosphere is welcoming, dim lights and absolutely great wine selection. The food is also impressive. I liked the service as well servers are amazing. I really recommend this place for dates, friends hangout etc
Rating: 3
Text: Hamburger and fries were good. The Lobster and bisque was more bisque-iy than Lobstery.  3/5 would eat there again.
Rating: 1
Text: Bad service!!! We ordered an appetizer. It never came out. Then they said they would take it off our bill. The. We are done with our meal ready to leave then they bring out appetizer. Then I waited 20 mins for the bill after requesting it. On a week day I go to pick up my wine since I'm a club member and i had to spend 30 minutes waiting in a line to pick it up in the middle of a week day. Very disappointed. Of the e experienced here only 1 is positive 
Rating: 5
Text: ASK FOR NAJEE AT THE BAR!!! She's an angel. She knows her wine. She's not pushy. She is a genuine soul and if for NO OTHER REASON I will subscribe to the wine club. She's seriously the most amazing person. Can't say enough about her. COOPER'S HAWK DON'T SCREW THIS UP - GIVE THIS ANGEL WHATEVER SHE ASKS FOR ?
