Copper River Grill
Rating: 5
Text: Had a wonderful meal at Copper River tonight. The place is beautiful with high ceilings and fireplaces. Location tucked away in nice residential area. Staff was friendly and helpful, took time to talk through a couple menu selections. Draft beer was good and reasonably priced, and the Copper River burger was delicious, and plenty big. I'll be back when I'm in town.
Rating: 4
Text: It was good. Little details kept it from being great. Had a very large club sandwich.  The lunch meat could have been a little thicker or better quality. My steak was a good cut,  was properly cooked but was not seasoned very well, if at all. The baked potato was cooked but not all the way done. The salad was big, had lots of ingredients and tasted great. The service was very good.
Rating: 2
Text: Bar tender was hateful to co-workers, very short with all bar customers. Granted she was by her self and the place was busy, but this made the setting uncomfortable to ask for drinks or food. I got the rib eye ordered medium rare, came out on the verge of well done but had a small pink line in the middle. The cut has a good cut I will give them that. Other than the constant complaining from the bar tender to everyone and even with my steak over cooked the food was still good. That's the only reason I gave them two stars tonight.
Rating: 4
Text: Service was great.  Chicken salad and dinner salads were good.  Baked potato was excellent.  I had a pasta dish and the pasta was very much over cooked.  Overall we were satisfied
Rating: 5
Text: Waitress Jamie is best I've encountered in a while. She is truly customer oriented and focused on ensuring a great customer experience. although they were short staffed, she never complained when called or when checking on party needs. Food and drinks are superb! BUT...if you are a prime rib only lover, voodoo prime rib entree is not something for you to try something new because it's DIFFERENT than what the taste buds are accustomed.
