Corner Cafe Independence
Rating: 1
Text: Went for the giant cheese burgers, left very disappointed! 
I ordered the 1lb burger cooked medium and specified that I didn't want it anywhere past medium. I got a very dry burger cooked well done. My friends burger was ever worse. I also said no pickle but found them hidden under the fries. The pickle juice ruined half my fries.

From the very even and consistent shape of the patties along with the denseness of the meat I'm 90% certain that their meat comes in preformed frozen patties like McD's and Burger King. I expect better for a burger that cost over $10.

The place was also very load due to the very old clientele. I didn't see any other customers under the age of 60(most seemed closer to 70) and it got very annoying listening to everyone in the place talking at full volume.
Rating: 3
Text: I was expecting better then what we got. I've been to several chain and hole in the wall restaurants I really like to try to stay away from the big chains like Cracker Barrel, but you got to be careful with the hole in the wall places. I do like good food done right, but I also like not catching food poisoning or worse. So this seemed like a decent choice to go with my teenage children. It was clean and our waitress was pretty good, but the food was truly lacking. 
 I got the roast beef which said it had roast gravy and mashed potatoes. What I got was packet brown gravy and fake potatoes. My daughter has a real thing for chicken and dumplings. Since the menu seemed like a Cracker Barrel knock off I was expecting similar if not better results (since it's not a major chain restaurant). My son the picky one asked for no lettuce, tomato, onion, or pickle on or beside his burger of course those were there. The only bright spot was the fried okra. It is the one thing that you can't get in a lot of restaurants and that was a big reason I chose to go there for dinner. I am sad to say I will not be returning.
Rating: 2
Text:  Food is always good but I felt completely disrespected the last time i went here.  My husband and i tipped her two dollars,  she thought we was walking out but I had to grab my purse first and we heard our waitress tell another waitress how horrible it was on how much we tipped??? A tip is a tip and you have no right as a waitress to complain about my money that I offer you.   I worked for that and our meal was less then 20 dollars,  find better waitresses and we'll come back 
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food and they actually had sugar free chocolate pie for desert. I very seldom go there because they are too far away from the buses. They NEED to encourage IndeBus service to their area!
Rating: 5
Text: This place is a favorite. I just moved to Missouri I've been here 4 times and every single time the food is perfect. Its like your mom is making it. Very fresh and delicious I will be going back more and more
