Corner Pub & Grill
Rating: 5
Text: While in St. Louis my wife and I tried two of the three restaurants owned by this company. My wife is gluten free and keeps to a strict diet. 

I must say if we had the opportunity to have these restaurants in San Antonio where we are from we would. The atmosphere is great, the gluten free options are amazing. My wife even ordered the gluten free chicken tenders to go one night. To say that we were impressed is an understatement. We wish more places like this were in San Antonio, TX.
Rating: 5
Text: Love this restaurant! I have to follow a strict gluten free diet due to Celiac disease, and almost their entire menu can safely be made gluten free! More options than any other restaurant I've been to! On a recent visit, there was a mix-up and I had part of a regular bun on my sandwich. I instantly started feeling not well. The server quickly apologized, had the meal remade correctly, and sent the manager over to ensure I got taken care of. The manager not only had the meal remade, he comped it, and gave me a $25 gift card for a future visit. Mistakes happen, (first time in the over 5 years I've been coming) and they handled it very classy! I'm very impressed with their commitment to their customers!
Rating: 1
Text: Sucks. I've been here for an hour because the hostess wrote down that we were waiting for an outside table. Um, no. So they shoved 7 of us in a tiny table. Gave my son crayons, but no paper. And are out of what we want to order because they are "selling a lot today." Plan ahead. We will definitely not be back.
Rating: 5
Text: A local neighborhood favorite with an excellent menu and bar selection for every taste. Come here rain or shine and you'll find yourself puckering up for excellent fried pickles, or going barking mad for top tier burgers of every kind. And get ready to be impressed with fast, attentive, and capable staff looking to cause a laugh!
Rating: 3
Text: Met some friends here tonight, and I thought I would only order a salad but we were there a while. I got their Greek salad first. It was beautiful but I've had much better Greek dressing elsewhere. Perhaps it's too vinegar-y. I also had some potato skins, which were good as well but similar to so many other restaurants. 
I wanted to order dessert and I'd forgotten that the Corner Pub only offers several flavors of cheesecake... really? For a menu their size, it's disappointing to not have a better dessert selection. Anyway, I chose their blueberry cheesecake (they use Hank's cheesecake from St. Louis which is a plus), and the blueberry sauce was excellent.
