Courtyard by Marriott Omaha Aksarben Village
Rating: 5
Text: Nice rooms. Simple studio like. All comforts of home available. Social nights offer free food and drinks to guests. Clean and comfy. There is some construction around, but blackout curtains block all the lights.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean lobby, clean rooms. Pillows were fluffy and like ones I'd actually buy for myself. Lots of room to store your stuff, would make a great place to stay for a long trip. Bed was comfortable. A.C. was quiet and worked well. Definitely one of my best hotel experiences.
Rating: 2
Text: I stayed here for a couple nights for a conference and be warned you are on your own for breakfast and coffee in the morning! I travel somewhat frequently for work and for the money and considering its a Marriott I was shocked to learn there was NO complimentary coffee or food in the morning. There's a Starbucks in the lobby but ask for a muffin and they'll hand you a mass produced muffin in plastic just like ya get in those cheap motels. 
The rooms are very nice, clean and up to date so no complaints there. The staff are very professional and friendly. 
The rear door entering from the parking lot is always unlocked. I guess there is very little crime in Omaha which is a good thing. 
Honestly the lack of complimentary coffee and something to eat I would never recommend this place and will think twice before staying at another Marriott.
Rating: 4
Text: Ok, improving I was at the Marriott for a professional seminar. Well I was there the air conditioner in the meeting room we were in didn't seem to work, so there were 30 of us in a room that was about 85 degrees. I did not see any water or lemonade provided, it may have been but I didn't see it. The women's restroom, maybe there's only one on the main floor? And it was a considerable distance from the meeting rooms. I proved to be difficult to sneak away for a quick break if necessary. The staff was kind and provided us with what we needed during the food portion of the event, but after the conference itself started we didn't see anyone. I work for Marriott a while back, and I would have expected a little bit more proactive problem solving and customer service than I thought. But it was okay.
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms are decorated with soothing colors and room is very comfortable and clean. Staff is always kind. Front desk very welcoming. One of my favorite hotels!
