Courtyard Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: My wife an I stayed at the Desoto House this week and we loved our stay. We paid about $10 extra for two complimentary breakfasts (includes tip) at the Courtyard Restaurant, and it was completely worth it. We both got delicious skillets (normally $9 a piece) that reminded me a lot of home cooking. The eggs were terrific and biscuits and gravy were seasoned well.  Our server was also excellent and did such a good job that we made sure to give her an extra tip. 
Rating: 1
Text: My wife and I have been living in the area for over a year now, and had our first chance to visit The Generals' Restaurant this evening. We can say, hands down, this was the worst dining experience we've had in Galena to date.

Let's start with the atmosphere. Christmas decorations were up, and looked very classy & well done. However, that's about where the positives for this visit ended. The dining area is obviously dated, with 70s style decor everywhere. The burgundy carpeting was coming up at every seam & the ivory colored furniture was faded, to say the least. A big pile of brick dust in the corner of our area was distracting, to day the least.

But excellent service can make up for these ancillary flaws. Unfortunately, excellent service was not what we found. Our waiter seemed aloof and was uninformed as to the available drink selection. I inquired about their beer selection and was told they had "nearly everything" available in bottles. After asking about several nationally distributed brews, and being told they didn't stock any of them, the waiter rolled his eyes at me and suggested a Corona. I passed.

The Generals' had one last chance to redeem itself in its' food. First came the soup. Ham and potato soup, to be exact. Except, it was missing the ham. Honestly, it tasted as if it had come out of a little tin can with a red and white label on it. 

Next, our main courses. My wife ordered the Chicken with a parmesan basil cream sauce, myself the beef pasty. We were underwhelmed, to say the least. Despite both entrees being described as coming with potatoes, I was told by our waiter that my pasty was already very "potatoey" and would not come with an potato. Instead, my entree was served with what were obviously frozen vegetables. As for the entrees themselves, I have never tasted food with such lack of flavor. I do not embellish at all when I say that my beef & vegetable filled pastry had absolutely *no* taste. There was no seasoning, no acidity, no savory.. nothing. My wife's was only slightly better.  I detected a bit of basil in her food.

Overall, we were completely underwhelmed with what we experienced at this restaurant. There are a number of good restaurants in Galena- please steer clear of The General's Restaurant.  
Rating: 5
Text: 
