Courtyard by Marriott Indianapolis Downtown
Rating: 5
Text: All of the staff have been so accommodating. My father has been very ill and was recently in Indianapolis at IU Hospital. After his discharge he is still unable to travel so we had to extend our stay. Katy at the front desk, and all at the front desk as well as housekeeping, Bistro staff, etc. have been so helpful and understanding. Rooms are very clean and comfortable. Many thanks to all.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel check in was great. However, despite its awesome location for the convention I was attending, it was not without its flaws. Air conditioning and fridge in the room doesn't get terribly cold, and my husband had to hand tighten the shower head or it was spraying water everywhere.The fridge smells (not my food). Room charges are taken from your account separately from your total charge, so of you don't account for that, it could ruin your trip (financially). Finally, went to get food at the Starbucks in the lobby around 11 a.m., and they had NO food available for breakfast or lunch. Location is key and the stay has been ok overall, but it hasn't totally met my expectations.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location, in the heart of downtown within walking distance of the mall, restaurants, nightlife, some gyms and the natatorium. Great hotel gym with a ton of equipment. Rooms were spacious with comfortable beds a flat screen tv and excess room to move around. I would highly recommend this hotel
Rating: 1
Text: Abe Rickenberg is the "Dual Front Office Manager" st this Courtyard Marriott. I've never been more disrespected by anyone in my entire life.

My wife and I just got off a red eye flight from Los Angeles. Last night, we called Marriott to let them know that we were coming in very late and checking in between 6-7 AM to our hotel that we booked for the weekend.

When we arrived we were told that they could not reinstate our room and that they don't have occupancy for us. The manager, Abe came out and was not sympathetic at all. He told us that he could not do anything for us and wished us luck. He was super rude. Said that the man we spoke to on the phone last night was someone in corporate reservations and wasn't someone at his hotel even though we called the hotel's phone number that rings through to the hotels front desk. We even called it when we were standing in the lobby discussing.

As we walked out Abe said "don't come back to my hotel." Abe is the single worst hospitality employee that I have ever encountered.

Never staying at a Marriott again and I'm going to find the CEO on LinkedIn and tell them about how terrible Abe is.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel is centrally located with indoor access to the convention center and even Lucas Oil Stadium through skyways and tunnels. Room was clean and spacious and the front desk has affordable snacks and drinks!
