Crazy Pinz Entertainment Center
Rating: 3
Text: Reminds me of Las Vegas. Lots of flashing lights and glitz, yet somehow feels shabby and fake. 

There is a lot of stuff for kids to do, and the jungle gym area is actually pretty fairly priced and by itself would be a ton of fun for little kids. However, it's set up so that the kids in the play area are staring at the arcade games. So of course the only thing they want to do is play the arcade games, which are horrifically expensive.  

They have gotten rid of a few activities. Now they only have arcade, play gym area, bowling, and the ropes course (which unfortunately looks pretty lame). 

All that being said, my under-5 kids love the place... so 3 stars.
Rating: 1
Text: It used to be a family fun place, getaway, place we enjoyed. Yes the cost was up there.  We didn't mind spending money on good fun for the kids.   They started a new membership program for family's.  A reoccurring payment monthly for $40. That was a great deal. We was told to email when we wanted to cancel.   Which we did.  It has been 4 months since we sent that email.  Each month the payment is withdrawn from our bank and we call and get the run around.  We are sent to speak with several managers, a different one each time.  We end up being assured they'll handle it or get back with us, with of course no avail.  We've been told it is a corporate thing, and they're difficult to reach.  Well the 4th payment was just withdrawn, we've not used all these credits we are paying for (which is why we want to cancel, we can't make it clear out there) and this is the last straw.  We will be going to the bank and putting a block on the payment, since management is completely incompetent.  We will not be visiting the facility again and be making sure all our friends join us in going elsewhere. I've never seen a company ran so poorly.
Rating: 1
Text: Arrived at Crazy Pinz at 10:50pm. And told they were open until 1am. We all bought their 20$ date night special. We ordered food and drinks (took maybe 20 mins out of time), then started our game of bowling, midway through our bowling game they do a last call for laser tag that started at 11:50pm. So we stopped our bowling game and rushed to laser tag. We finished and went back to collect our stuff at our bowling tables and head up to the bar again. By now it's only 12. The bar had closed, the lanes had closed, laser tag had closed and literally EVERY single worker there had their belongings with them hovering by the front desk ready to leave. We ask to speak to a manager since we feel we wasted our money with the shorted amount of time and he resolved nothing. No offers to make things right, no apology, nothing. My friend had food he was STILL CONSUMING while my other friends were speaking to the manager and another staff person came over with a box and told him to pack it up so they could wash his dish so they could leave. To me, that is so rude. They clearly all wanted to leave early. The managers excuse was "if we had more business, it might be different, we'd stay open longer" but yet I came in, I paid, and somehow that wasn't good enough. What's sad is we were all having fun, until we realized all of the staff just wanted to leave and they were closing because business was slow. Disappointing.
Rating: 4
Text: Takes A lot of money to go. It's fun though and worth it maybe. Arcade gets overrunned so they need more games. Bowling you have to wait forever. mini golf not that fun. Laser tagging there, they need more arena and space. when they waste it on this "informing room" which takes up like a lot of space for what? and then when you get in its this tiny arena and bunch of kids and then yeah.
Rating: 5
Text: This is THE place to go with kids 5 and up. Bowling, laser tag, jungle gym, arcade, cosmic putt-putt, and the sky trail!!! There's a restaurant, a bar, and a concessions stand too! And the restaurant has the legendary Fort Wayne's famous, Speedway Café TENDERLOINS! 
This is a must go on any day but especially on a rainy day or a birthday!
