Crosstown Pub & Grill Naperville
Rating: 1
Text: What a dump.
There was debris all over the floor. The menus were sticky and worn, with many food items crossed out or altered with black marker. I ordered my burger well done. It came rare. The curly fries were cold.
I had to get my own utensils.  I saw a waitress 
carrying two entrees, one plate sitting on top of the other plate, in contact with the food.
They don't seem concerned with cleanliness or service.
Rating: 5
Text: I've been coming here since 2007. My friends and I still call it "George's." 

I think it's safe to say I've eaten here 50+ times. The quality of food has always been exceptional. The service is good. The owners run a well organized and popular establishment. 

Now that I live in Tucson AZ, I make it a point to come in and get wings every time I'm in the Chicago suburbs.  They truly have the best wings in the Chicagoland area...

Mouth is watering just thinking about having dinner there tonight for Monday night football :D
Rating: 4
Text: Great outdoor bar! Late summer and nice temps so decided to watch the game outside. Yummy food, but they do nickel and dime you. $.50 for Mayo for a burger? That said, I'll be back for the wings and waffle fries. I Love Them!
Rating: 1
Text: Bad experience. I am surprised they get such a high rating. We sat outside which is a nice setting. That is why I gave it a star. I ordered a Stella beer which they told me is on special so get the larger one for same price as the smaller one. Great! When it arrives I can see before I tasted it that it wasn't going to be good. It was in a glass that looked 10 years old and there were no bubbles. Tasted it and knew straight away why they are trying to get rid of it. It tasted like old beer. Anyways. I went for their 'juicy burger'. It says it's a 30 minute wait but it is worth it! Well okay, lets go for it. At the end of my order I was told it only comes well done. I was some what confused but I thought this must be then something real interesting and special. Granted I did receive it 30 minutes later but the burger tasted horrible and guess what, it wasn't juicy. It was simply way over cooked with some sloppy cold wet onion strips on it. It was a joke really. I gave up after a few bites and settled for the mediocre fries. My kids had the standard stuff chicken strips, Mac and cheese and fries with fruit. I ate some of theirs because if you remember my burger was a joke. My kids food was standard pub food. No imagination or creativity there either. 
It is a real pity that the food and drink is real poor here because the outdoor setting is nice. You got to change chef, food and if I took a peek I am sure that kitchen will need a good clean. Sorry for bad review, but I highly recommend not to get the burger, Stella and kids food. Perhaps their wings are good but I won't be going there for a while. 
Rating: 5
Text: BEST WINGS AROUND!!! You get what you pay for. Love the salsa and Guacamole they have as a side. Onion rings are always fried right, never soggy. Staff is always welcoming and always checking to see if you need a refil drink or to make sure your food is good. I love that you can seat yourself, very clean. Gets pretty busy but it's worth it! Buffalo Wild Wings has NOTHING on this place I don't even waste my time and money at that place.
