Crown Valley Winery
Rating: 1
Text: We just left, about 10 minutes or so ago. Very disappointed in the people "employed" there. It's definitely NOT for everyone! Prehistoric attitudes not sure if its race (though i was the only person of color) or if its the interracial thing but it is very suspect..... Wine servers walked right past us multiple times helped those around us though. I flagged one to ask if someone was going to help us. She gave me a list and NEVER helped though she said she had help coming implying that we would be helped. Guess I took that one WRONG because the person wasn't there to help us. Mandy the "manager" came out and was so apologetic (NOT! ?). I'm sure it will NOT be addressed. NEVER again will I visit Crown Valley Winery!!!!! Shame on them and the people in their employ.
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed last night at the Coffman House Room 4. The air conditioner was not working in that room. I called today after we got back home to let them know and was treated like I was lying. Everything else was good.
Rating: 1
Text: Food was horrible. Very disappointed.
Rating: 5
Text: Great winery that is a hidden gem. Someone with a lot of money really made this a nice place. It's only open till 6pm though. Buffalo pizza and the buffalo jerky snack sticks were fantastic. And the merlot and Cabernet were far superior to any I've had in a long time, the brute champagne was good too. Very helpful staff and had live music on the weekend. I've been here 2ice and plan to come back yearly. If u want to have a fancy dinner, better call ahead and get reservations at Chamet, there's not many food options out this far out of town. Other 2 options are a place called Midway and 12 Weston. 
Rating: 1
Text: Food is terrible. Wines aren't that great. If you want to feel herded like their bison outside, then please go here. Someone said this is the 'Disneyland' of wineries. It's more like the Six Flags of wineries. Had a way better experience at another winery down the road. Won't be back. 
