Crystal Jade Restaurant
Rating: 4
Text: Good food, variety of food to choose from  on the menu (Malaysian, Indian, Vietnamese, etc). Fast and courteous service. They also deliver. Will definitely go back. You'll enjoy!
Rating: 2
Text: The food is good. The service is horrible. They never smile. They act like you are inconveniencing them by being there. They bring you your food and never come back, even when there aren’t busy. We will not be going back.
Rating: 5
Text: My family and I  have eaten here quite often, over the last few years. First and foremost the customer service is Great. Now for the part that you are really curious about the food.It  is excellent! I love Asian food and try to eat a variety of different places. I enjoy Thai, Korean, Japanese, Sezchwan, Indian, Southern.... I assume that you are picking up what I am trying to Say. I have also tried many of the different entrees that Crystal Jade offers and each and entree and appetizer that I have eaten have been great. The restaurant  always uses the freshest ingredients and will gladly accommodate any special requests you may have. I have and will continue to recommend this place. It's a family owned business to anyone looking for great food at a very reasonable price. Crystal Jade is your place. Keep up the Great work and Thanks for the Consistency.
Rating: 2
Text: - It is in an old Village Inn and that is not very well disguised. 
- The wait staff never has done anything inherently wrong, but are kind of impatient.
- They claim to have vegan options, but I am fairly certain the dishes are not vegan.
- Once I ordered a chicken bulgogi dish there and most of the chicken was scaley leg skin from the chicken.
- The lack of background noise makes it impossible to hear everything other patrons are talking about.
Rating: 3
Text: The service was so so. The international food items tastes good, but don't expect it to have traditional flavor. I tried Spicy Pork Bulgogi. It tasted good, but it wasn't like what I could get at a Korean restaurant. A couple of my coworkers ordered curry, and it looked milky.
