Curtis Orchard & Pumpkin Patch
Rating: 2
Text: It's such a cute place! My kids really enjoy it when we go. Unfortunately, some of the staff recently in the cafe were not helpful or inviting when we we're trying to order our meal. I have seen these same woman before so so I'm not sure if they are owners or family of the owners but they have no business working in the service industry. I am also not a fan of the food. The food is over priced and the serving size is very small. I got a $9 dollar Italian beef and it was all bread and the beans were so gross! Def don't buy pumpkins from them either. They are over priced!
Rating: 5
Text: One of the best ciders in the Midwest, we try to get some every year.  We got here on a beautiful Fall day this time - ideal for photos on top of everything else.  We love the shop.  Stock up on apple varieties we love, nab a syrup or two, small bag of rocks (every year), apple donuts, and fudge (whether or not we need it), apple slushies when we need a drink, clever wall decor to crack us up, jams, honeys, and a moderate supply of decorative gourds I'd you need a Fall look.  I get most of my squashes and pumpkins at farmers markets, but those who like porch pumpkins might like these.  The goats and chickens are always fun, and the ziplines are good fun too.  Glad to have a good orchard so close to us.
Rating: 2
Text: It is a nice little place to take children, but it would be nice if the goat feeders didn't rip you off. We put a quarter in one of the several machines offered to get out the food and nothing came out. No wonder the machine was completely full of food. A man next to me did the same in his machine and complained about getting 5 pieces. There were several people there that love standing and stopping right in front of you...which can be expected at any event such as this. It was ok to check out, but my family and I will not be returning.
Rating: 4
Text: Great time picking apples! I wish their U-Pick selection was more expansive though. It's a shame when you see them offering so many different variety of apples in the store, but only allowing you to go and pick a very small subset of their apples.
Rating: 3
Text: There are a lot of fun activities here including hay rides, various mazes and a pumpkin patch. They also have absolutely amazing cider, and a ton of other homemade products. All of the employees have always been very nice too. The only problem is that it's slightly overpriced.
