D'Arcy's Pint
Rating: 4
Text: Well, I have to say, the food is fantastic. We had a team dinner there and although it took a while for us to get seated (granted it was Thursday night and I don't think the person who planned it made reservations), but once we got seated the servers were friendly and prompt. Apparently there was a 'mistake' back in the kitchen on a dish (for someone else) and we got a horseshoe for free even before we started ordering.

Oh, and did I mention their horseshoes? Amazing. I got to sample several of their 'shoes and even had a pony shoe of my own - what an amazing creation. Come here just for that.

This place is worth stopping by.
Rating: 5
Text: The food is so good... We had the horse shoe we live in Indiana now and when we come home for a visit Darcy,s is a must have stop we make.... and any time we bring some one new the love this place as much as we do..... our server today April E was the absolute best... So please ask for her when you come in....
Rating: 3
Text: Food TASTED GOOD, but the chicken dish I ordered (on my birthday) was so hard to chew, that I had to use my husband's steak knife to cut it into pieces.  The side of cheese sauce had a thick film on top of it.
My order was brought to the table & incorrectly prepared, based on the menu description.  The taste was good, but the texture & quality was very poor.
We had to wait for a table of 2 at 6 pm for more than 35 minutes.  Despite asking for a quiet table, when we were seated, the hostess placed us directly in front of the  entrance to the outside food court.  CONSTANT TRAFFIC, HEAT from outside, & NOISE!!!!
As a couple, we WON'T BE BACK!
Rating: 4
Text: Just went for the wife's birthday, her Shepard's pie turned out great as it always does. I ordered the Celtic Philly cheese steak, there was little to no peppers. What was there was barely grilled. There was no onions, but I am not sure if they serve theirs with onions. And the cheese was practically non exesistant. I am not much for raising a fuss so I didn't say anything, Service was good though. Our waitress was pleasant and fast with refills.
Rating: 5
Text: I am new to Springfield and D'Arcy's was the most recommended restaurant. In addition, I was told that eating a horseshoe was a right of passage as a new resident. I can honestly say I was NOT disappointed. Thanks for the great food! Happy to be a resident!
