Dan's Family Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: My family has been there 3 times and we love it!! The pizza is so good!! Carol talked my kids into trying pineapple on their pizza(when they asked about it) & they must have liked it, they ordered it a 2nd time. The fair fries are great!! My daughter & husband have tried 2 different sandwiches and said they both were excellent. Carol was our server 2 times & she is right on top of things. Definitely would recommend!!
Rating: 4
Text: Great little Mom and Pop style restaurant. Good food and friendly staff! Italian stub is awesome and their pizza is good too.
Rating: 5
Text: The Decor is dated, and they have mostly booths. And yet the place has character, uneven floors, vintage benches, and plastic covered menus. Bathrooms are modern and clean.
   The service is excellent, and the staff is very friendly, and very competent. I like that in a restaurant. The little things like extra napkins, and getting the whole order exactly correct makes the experience that much better.
   Prices are more than reasonable, the Food is all home cooked and very good. The salads are made fresh, good, and decent size. The boneless chicken wings are excellent, I recommend them very much. The Pork Chop is excellent, so is the Country Fried Steak. The Fried shrimp were small, but hey give you plenty of them, the vegetables and sides are very good. Everything was made from scratch, fresh, and tasty. All the way through to coffee and desserts.
    If take out pizza is more your speed, they run specials all the time and the pizza is pretty darn good. Their two pizzas for $20 deal is spot on for an easy dinner.
   Overall this is a good eating place, bring your friends, the whole family, and eat well for reasonable cost.

Dine in up front and take out in the back. Their pizza is very good and not crazy expensive. Subs are very good and reasonable. Salads are excellent. Breakfast is darn good too. Friendly place, good service, order is correct, good food and reasonably priced. Is it the best I ever had? Well no, but in a small town like Newark, very good is as good as it gets. Tried their two pizzas for $20 deal a few weeks ago, very happy. Did their buy two, get the third sub free deal Today, very happy. Only thing you have to remember is that they are closed on Sundays and Mondays, but this is Not some corporate chain place, it is a real family run restaurant and pizzeria. Moto Bene!
Rating: 5
Text: Great homecooked food with a full breakfast menu you can get anytime as well as a home style lunch and dinner menu and if that's not enough a full pizza and sub shop too!  Also serve alcohol.
Rating: 4
Text: The food here is so delicious! I'm so happy with the ladies here
