Der Dutchman Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: Very pleasant and good food. There was a gathering for the Hemophilia club so lots of people and very busy. There was a middle aged gentleman serving us, I believe his name was Conrad, he was attentive and on top of everything he made sure our drinks were filled and got things almost immediately when we asked even though he had about 15 people to serve at once, he was super friendly. Kudos to pleasant staff and environment and good food.
Rating: 2
Text: Very Disappointed!!! First Der Dutchman we went to was in Sarasota FL, and we are from Ohio, so we drove to Plain City super excited because Sarasota raised the bar very high. I hate to say but this place is a let down. The food wasn't that great, I was expecting the same items on the buffet like the sweet potatoes and turkey because they were amazing in Sarasota. Not on the buffet here. The potato salad was ground up instead of normal Amish potato salad. I felt like I was eating something ment for someone without teeth. We won't return here.  Sarasota definitely took more pride in their service and the food. My husband and I will will wait until we are in Florida again to go to a really amazing Der Dutchman.
Rating: 4
Text: I'm not sure how authentic Der Dutchman is, but you can get a ton of hearty, tasty, comfort food for a very reasonable price.  Like most people I tend to go for the buffet. They have a huge salad bar that's kept clean and fresh.  The hot food section usually includes 3 or 4 meats, fried chicken always being one of them. They always have mashed potatoes, corn, noodles, stuffing and usually a couple other sides. Even though they have bread pudding on the buffet it's still hard not to order from dessert menu. 

I know you're going to be full when you leave, but it is so worth your time to stop by the bakery. Everything I've ever had there has been wonderful, but the maple long johns are crazy good.
Rating: 5
Text: Good bakery and gift shop selling chains products. Good food very hearty and full of flavor. Very crowded no matter when you go. Ample free parking.
Rating: 2
Text: Haven't been here in awhile and don't plan on returning. The food on the buffet bar wasn't that good. The people at this buffet were worse than usual buffet customers too. This restaurant sits 30 min outside of Columbus and used to be a destination spot for my family. Way over priced for the quality.    The bakery items are super expensive here too. Tasted just like canned pie filling for $20 per pie... :( I will not be back...
