deSha's
Rating: 5
Text: Great dining experience!  The service was excellent!  The food was great!  We came in from out of town and were celebrating my birthday.  The staff made me feel welcome by wishing me happy birthday and giving me cake to go (since I was I was too full to eat it there!)
Rating: 1
Text: I took my wife, 11 year old daughter, and 9 year old grandson out here to eat. We drove from Hamersville which is about a 50 minute trip one way.  We've been here before and generally have a pleasant experience. Tonight we were seated in the front left room as you enter at a table across from a party of 25 older folks that were extremely LOUD.
I asked the waitress when she came to take our order if she would mind moving us. She replied they are just about finished. I couldn't carry on a conversation across our table because they were so LOUD.
20 minutes into eating our dinner they finally left. At that point I asked to see the manager. The gentleman that came over ( never gave his name) asked what I needed. I explained to him the previous and he asked what I wanted. I told him I wanted to be fair but would like a discount. He asked what do you want ?  I told him a fair adjustment to our bill.
The next words out of his mouth should cost him his job....or teeth.  You tell me what you want, you're the one complaining.
I told him 25 percent. He said fine and walked away... Never came back.  Our bill after the $12 adjustment was $40 and change.   I gave the waitress $50 and told her no change needed.  Had we not asked to be moved it would have been different.  Had I not seen the next several parties that came in after us seated in quiet sections away it would have been different.
This manager has NO business running a business. He has ZERO interpersonal skills ,and the personality of a toad. 
On a plus side the food.was great.

Rating: 4
Text: The atmosphere was very pleasant,  staff was friendly and efficient.  Bathroom was clean and the food was very good.
Rating: 5
Text: The best fried pickles you an get anywhere. The staff is pleasant. Good food at a good price.
Rating: 2
Text: Cramped seating and the two times we've been there our orders have been messed up. The first time our appetizers came out with our meal and the second not at all, then the waitress asked up of we wanted it to go since she forgot to put it in. Otherwise the food was good but we probably won't be returning.
