Detroit Metro Airport Marriott
Rating: 5
Text: Our stay has been wonderful, the staff was very nice and friendly! I loved our housekeeper, she was very kind and nice, she reminded me of my grandma, making sure we had everything we needed. The location of this hotel is very convenient, close to the highway and right by the airport. They have a shuttle bus that can take you around within a 2 mile radius. This hotel had a great bar/restaurant, they also have an indoor pool with hot tub, the beds are comfortable especially the pillows, you even have a small refrigerator in your mom, everything you need in a hotel they have! 
Rating: 5
Text: It wasn't an overnighter. I have attended conferences that were held at that location. Everything was great. Great service and pleasant and professional staff. The food is excellent.I
Rating: 1
Text: The staff was very very friendly!!!  But I couldn't bare to give more than one star due to the fact of the room condition.  When we first got to the room we saw sheets and towels laying on top of the dresser. There was pubic hair stuck to the ceiling and on the top of the toilet tank. The bed looked like they tried to fold the sheets but you could see they were wrinkled extremely, smelled and  were never changed!   So we told them and they said they would take care of it when we got back from our meeting.  Later that day when we got back the sheets were still wrinkled like someone wrestled in the bed, but smelled better.  The next morning  my Mom pulled the sheets up from the bottom where they tuck them so tight you normally don't lift it up.  There was a huge yellow pee stain!!!!!   We couldn't believe it!  I then lifted my Moms bed sheets up and saw multiple gross looking stains! On their part they did refund our room for the night even though we stayed two. The experience in itself was way to overwhelming and will never be forgotten.
Rating: 5
Text: Start with an excellent location. Add impeccable service and a well appointed property and one gets a favorite choice when in the area. I stay a lot and have never had a bad experience.
Rating: 2
Text: The room was clean and comfortable but it was the worst experience because of the noise. Our 3rd floor room faced the courtyard where chairs and a fire pit created a gathering spot. People were screaming, laughing, and talking loudly until after 2:30 in the morning. It sounded like a party was going on right outside our window.  Complaints to the front desk didnt make any difference. Not a good idea to have a gathering area in the enclosed court yard surrounded by rooms where people are trying to sleep.
