Diamond Cabaret
Rating: 5
Text: One of the best joints I have been in the states. All those cry babies that complain don't belong there. They should stay with their mommies. My friend lost his wallet here and security found it - we were so lost otherwise..big thanks for all staff and dancers (Angela)..
Over all a little expensive but worth it . Will be back each time I am in StL area.
Rating: 4
Text: I found this club to have better looking and more talent than alot of other clubs. I have been going to this club for years, bringing my dates, who were the ones who wanted to go. Always had a good time and I've never been too intrigued by gentlemen clubs,  but this seemed cleaner, classier, and safer. I hear alot of complaints from people and I must say half of them may be legit,  some girls are not that nice but the club hears about it they keep an ear to the ground and if they keep up shenanigans they won't be around long.  As for rudeness from staff or directors, most is warranted by YOUR actions/attitude. I personally never had a bad time visiting the club. Some of the staff go way above and beyond their duties. If you had a bad time once try not to let it ruin your view of the club,  they seem eager to please the customers. Give it a shot or a second chance.
Rating: 5
Text: Dirty Disney October 26 thru 31 2017....come dress up in your favorite Disney characters and have fun all night and week long.  You will have a blast..
Rating: 1
Text: Joe, the manager at Penthouse is a jerk and if you request a girl you like he won't do it. So after my request on my birthday three girls went and made less than 10 dollars. He gave no reason on why I had to wait 12 songs before she could play. I would recommend this place to no one. Girls should be treated the same as if you requested a server at a restaurant especially when their are only 20 customers in the entire place.
Rating: 1
Text: I went here for my birthday with friends.I was sober the entire time.I enjoyed it for a bit until I talked to a few girls. One was so pushy that she tried to take most of what was in my hand I declined and got my money back. The night went on and I went to a stage I said hey it's my birthday and a stranger told the girl and she kept looking at me in disgust until she said fine.i didn't agree to anything she seemed angry at me for no reason and grabbed a good $14 out my hand and did basic stuff to me for 20 seconds until walking away leaving me with no gas money for my ride. I understand the girls have to deal with drunk guys all the time but they don't have to ruin the night for the sober ones.
