Dinner Bell Cafe
Rating: 1
Text: Wow! It was bad! Ordered the fried chicken that is supposedly the best in Missouri, if that's the case Missouri is in serious trouble! They said t would take 25 minutes, we were reluctant but thought if it's that good it must be worth the wait. 55 minutes later it showed up and it was 3 of the smallest pieces of chicken I've ever seen. The potato salad looked like a chowder of some sort, huge chunks of egg and potato in mustard and vinegar soup. The coleslaw was mediocre at best. Others with me ordered the mashed potatoes, they were instant with a canned gravy... another friend ordered a milkshake, it took 30 minutes and the server said she needed to wash up some dishes first? To top it off there were 6 tables in the restaurant at best. Save yourself and eat anywhere else.
Rating: 2
Text: We came for the supposedly best fried chicken in Missouri. While it was conveniently located, and the service was very friendly, the food was terrible. The mashed potatoes are poor quality reconstituted ones, and we were pretty sure the gravy came from a can. Now the chicken... we were told it would be 25 minutes to make it. Somewhat surprised by that but we really wanted this supposedly famous chicken! When it finally came after 45 minutes, the fried chicken was DRY as sawdust and had zero flavor whatsoever. Very dissapointed!
Rating: 5
Text: The most delicious Cinnamon Rolls I have ever eaten...along with great comfort food and a very helpful, friendly staff. I love stopping here any time I can...and bringing Cinnamon Rolls home too!   Highly recommended! ?
Rating: 4
Text: Parked my truck, walked inside. Immediately, was greeted and seated. BBQ Ribs were the daily special. "Awesome" fall off the bone tender. Priced nicely at $8.99 a plate, comes with 2 sides. More than enough food for 1 person, 1 meal. Atmoshhere; country, american, w/ very waitresses. P.S. 3 firework stands, open 7 days a week. Booya! Great place for 10 hr break/ 34 reset. Loves across the road also.
Rating: 4
Text: They have the biggest, best tasting cinnamon rolls. I bet my little buddy Jim that he couldn't eat a whole roll. He ate the roll, a omelet, pancakes and tots. Well shut my mouth and send me back to the kids table.???
