DISH on Market
Rating: 5
Text: I love Dish on market but I have one complaint. Every time I call dish around noon I get put on hold, which is fine. However nobody ever gets back on the line and I've waited up to ten minutes. After I finally hang up I call again and it goes straight to voicemail. I end up never getting back hold of the building. This has happened multiple times and I'm usually cool about it. I suggests if you are going to put someone on hold to either get back with them inside ten minutes, or just tell them, "sir we are not currently taking orders by phone."  Because clearly that is the case. Thank you.
Rating: 5
Text: Sunday brunch was great.  Wide variety if food:  fresh scrambled eggs,  bacon, sausage, cheesy hash browns (not attractive but so good), hot brown casserole, breakfast burritos, french toast, omelette station, etc.  Everything was quite tasty and fresh.

We sat on the second floor, but it was no problem even though we had to walk down to the buffet. Make a reservation if you want a better chance to sit on the first floor.
Rating: 1
Text: This Place was god awful..  Do not ever get the Cuban if you go here..  I waited at least and hour and a half for my Cuban and it was cold and it was missing all the ingredients to even classify it as a Cuban..  When I finally got my food they have me chips instead of the Fries I asked for..  I asked for a refill on my Water and that took a half hour..  I asked for some mustard after they got my meal wrong and that took 15 minutes too..  No consideration whatsoever for goofing up my order..  Other than that the place was Great..  Cool set up, but I will never go back there..  I don't know how this place has good reviews.  It was a Joke
Rating: 5
Text: Great food. Sometimes it takes a while at lunch but it's worth the wait. I love the breakfast hot brown with eggs on it. Also the Buffalo chicken sandwich is good but messy.
Rating: 3
Text: Like to start off by saying our server, who I believe was also the bartender, was very informative, friendly and did a great job. He knew his liquor and made us feel comfortable and invited. I ordered the chicken and waffles and my friend ordered the salmon. Both dishes were good, nothing to write home about, but good solid dishes. And in consideration of the price, the dishes were very good. The only downside would be the drink menu. It was so hot outside, and inside too for that matter, that I was hoping for a refreshing libation but the drink menu contained drinks you would expect in fall not summer. But after hearing my comment on the drink list, our server/bartender quickly offered a rum, lime juice, simple syrup concoction that was tasty. All in all, I would come back and recommend to a friend.
