Doc Green's Salads & Grill
Rating: 5
Text: I love this Doc Greens! Every time we go I am always treated with kindness and they have never messed up my order. They never respond with attitude and are always super polite. I highly recommend this Doc Greens! and there food is amazing and big portion sizes!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Love love love this place! My favorite spot for a quick lunch- the wraps are my favorite. The staff is always fast, nice, and willing to customize every customer’s experience. Stores are always clean, and the food is always AMAZING! Owners, management and staff are doing a great job!!!
Rating: 1
Text: This was one of my worst dining experiences. I asked for a water cup and the guy sighed at me and hastily set the cup on the counter instead of in my hands. I then walked to the fountains to fill my water only to find no place to get water. I started to ask him where it was and he walked off so I filled it with the flavored water as it was the closest option I could see in order to avoid bothering him anymore as it was apparent he did not want to be helping anyone. He then told the lady behind me where the water was (it was hidden behind a taped up out of order paper sign) when she tried to do the same thing and approached me right after and asked me to dump my cup and fill it with water instead. I was fine with this (I wanted water in the first place) and went to go dump my cup. Upon approaching the fountain I saw the drain below was almost full and asked him if he was sure he wanted me to dump it in there and not somewhere else. He glared at me and told me "Yeah, unless you want to buy a drink." I found this whole interaction rude and unprofessional and on top of all of this, my salad was sitting in dressing for a while and was soggy and my chicken was not warm. I will not be returning and neither will my friends or family. I would advise going somewhere else. Panera had similar food options of much better quality with a much nicer wait staff and it is in the same location as Doc Green anyway. =)
Rating: 5
Text: I love the food here! It’s always good fast service and the workers are very nice and friendly. If you’re looking for a good meal, I would recommend you eat here!
Rating: 3
Text: Good, healthy salads, wraps, entrees, and a kid's menu.  Salads greens offered:  Spinach, field greens, and romaine.  A good selection of proteins and salad dressings.  Customer service was poor...  Note to Doc Green's management:  Your patrons should NEVER hear "no problem" come from the mouths of your staff.  If it's a problem, perhaps your staff should find different work.
