Doe's Eat Place
Rating: 3
Text: I had a $39 / 10 oz Filet. It was fabulous! However, 
the Salad was a large pile of lettuce, a small amount of sliced onion and chopped tomato. For $39 , I would have expected the salad to have possibly egg, cheese, black olives, or chopped cucumber. One of any of these could have added to the salad for a more enticing salad. For a $39 meal, the salad needs to be a better quality. The steamed vegetables were over steamed and totally soggy. . 
There were only 4 other tables occupied at this time so a super busy environment was not the issue.
Rating: 1
Text: Did not eat steak ($38) in a 'steak house', so I had chicken marinara on spaghetti. Needed a utility knife to cut the chicken and the spaghetti sauce could have been from a can. But it was only $19, so I ate what I could and left. Wife had fried shrimp (13 for $20) and they were better than my chicken. Service was OK, but with my wife and I buying 'cheap' and not drinking (we had $4 worth of iced tea!), she knew the tip would be small ($10 tip for a $45.47 meal). I think folks go there to see and be seen, if you know what I mean?
Rating: 4
Text: Great atmosphere, right by the river, delicious food. Would definitely recommend for a night with friends or even casual date night. Not too pricey either. Fries are delicious and so are the tamales. I can't wait to try the chili next time.
Rating: 4
Text: I had a very pleasant time at Doe's. The waitress we had was on top of things. Our drinks never ran empty. My wife and I split a porterhouse and it was ok. The steak tasted more like a roast than a steak. On the other hand at the end of the meal all that was left was the bone. Overall, 4 stars.
Rating: 5
Text: It's a hole in the wall steakhouse, which tends to be where you find the best steaks. The prices are a bit steep, but you have to consider our table ordered a 3 pound porterhouse and a 2.5 pound. You for sure get bang for your hard earned greenbacks. Steaks are very tender, but minimally seasoned. They seem to want you to really take in the flavor of the respective cut. The steak fries were out of this world. Great selection of craft beers and wine to pair up flavor wise to your chosen dish. Service was on point and the atomsphere was fun.
