Dog Days Bar and Grill
Rating: 2
Text: We are frequent visitors at many restaurants at the lake. I would give the restaurant a one star from my experience tonight but, having been in the restaurant business for over 10 years I do know that people there were actually having a good time so this is just my experience. We have been to Dog Days before but, we are locals. We come usually when it's dead. Tonight we sat inside with my family. There were 7 of us. We waited for quite a long time. Even for my standards. We finally decided to leave because they never came to greet us or get our drink order. We didn't believe we would be waited on at all. There were multiple tables that had menus and no drinks rubber necking for help. I'm not waisting my time there again. Nice atmosphere, nice place, no management. No help. Also, nice food in the past. This was just a really dumb night there.
Rating: 5
Text: What a great place!!!! Found this while searching for a place we could eat that had a patio that would allow our dogs. 
It's right on the lake, in fact, you can actually drive your boat right up! It has pools for both kids and for adults , a swim up bar. They hold dog events, bring water for Fido and lots of attention. Terrific food and drinks. Fun friendly environment! A+ all around
Rating: 5
Text: The food here is AMAZING. I am not sure how, or why, I have never had food on the lake that was this tasty. I am vegan, and they had many things I could eat there. The prices are a bit steep for what you get, but the quality of the food is off the charts. The service was 'meh,' not very attentive or consistent. But i will still send everyone here just to taste the menu. It was worth it despite the lack of good waiters. The view is awesome, though it is right where all the boats dock so it can be a bit noisy. And parking for it is atrocious. However, still a nice meal. I would go again.
Rating: 1
Text: Yes maybe not the best idea to be a first time diner on Labor day weekend... I due believe our server forgot to put in our order,for she kept apologizing...no need for apology unless something was wrong. We were very aware of the business but people were coming and going before we got too. Almost 2 hours we were there that's entirely to long for lunch. We may still come back.
Rating: 5
Text: A fun place to stop while out on the water. We make sure to hit Dog Days everytime we are at the lake. The addition of the adult and kids pools are amazing. It was a perfect setup for our family. The food was a little slow to come out but we were there on a fairly busy weekend.
