Dragon's Den Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: I went there with my family to eat during the busy lunch hours. Although the tiny wait, the delicious food was the best American Chinese food I've had. Though, some VERY moments when I went to get more food, it was out. But, 2-3 minutes later, came rushing the chef to restock the hot and ready food. To be honest, the place was sparkling clean, enjoyable staff, and the rush hour was an experience to remember. I knew it was a family restaurant, which meant it was a tiny bit slower, but it was reasonable because they did not have many staff available to help out all the time. So, that meaning, stop judging them on how slow they work because if you were working there with limited staff, you would know.
Rating: 5
Text: I've eaten Chinese food all over the USA & rank Dragon's Den among the best!!  It's amazing to watch the Mrs Owner (sadly I don't know her name) greet people as they enter.  She will be spouting out your drink order (Seriously knowing everyone's by heart!!) while pointing out where you like to sit as you're walking to the buffet!!  We've never taken visiting guests here that they don't want to return as well.  27 plus years,  60 mile drive one way & stop every time we get close!!
Rating: 4
Text: Nice staff! Great price! When walking in what truly surprise me is that no matter who walks in, if you are a returning customer no matter how frequent the owner always know what you want to drink by memory! The price of a lunch buffet is really cheap. I don't get to go as often as I would like, but when I go I enjoy it. The only downfall is like any other small town buffet, you have the dedicated buffet crowd that waits until it opens and piles there plates with food. But hey I would do the same too if I got there ahead of time. So generally you may have to wait for them to put more food out, but it's always hot and fresh when they do. I only wish they accepted cards or checks, but if you want Chinese food bad enough, you'll go to the ATM like I do. Bring Cash!
Rating: 1
Text: Came at lunch, go to get food and there is none!  I've ate sweet and sour chicken and wontons.  So disappointed. I'll never come back!
Rating: 5
Text: Always knows what we want to drink and froendly service plus food is good
