Drunken Fish - Central West End
Rating: 1
Text: We went at 5:30 pm on a Friday. It was dead initially and servers were literally sitting in chairs, slumped over with their heads on tables. I wish I were exaggerating. Despite this, we read reviews that the sushi was "the best in town," so we decided to take a chance, as we are new to the area. $150 later for 4 people for food and drinks, we had to send our chicken skewers back because the chicken was still raw in the middle. The miso soup was cold. The sushi was mediocre at best. The only thing that was tasty was the sake. It's hard to mess that up. This place is a waste of your time and money. Go elsewhere.
Rating: 5
Text: Our waiter was super cool and hip.  The food was delicious.  I got the basic cucumber rolls and they were amazing and a great price.  The restaurant is super fancy in the inside.
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT GO!!!! Disgusting. My boyfriend and I love sushi and saw the reviews on this place and thought to try it. It was inedible. When the sushi came out, it was not even remotely cold. So our sushi (which should have been cooler, as we got cold rolls) was weirdly warm and disgusting. We each stop eating it pretty fast. My boyfriend then got sick from the place, and I almost threw it up immediately. It was also expensive.  It was obvious we didn't eat any of it, the waitress asked us what was wrong, we told her, but she asked us if we have had sushi before. Yes we have, but this was terrible sushi! Also the starter salad had bad lettuce in it. I do not know what is going on with this place, but don't go.
Rating: 5
Text: I really like the carryout orders too. Tempura Vegetables, Lettuce Wraps, Vegetable Fried Rice and Dumpling Soups were delicious! Excellent preparation and efficient service was my experience.
Rating: 4
Text: Came here for a happy hour after work. The bartender made great recommendations like the Edamame dip. No one in our party originally was interested in it as none of us like Edamame. But on the bartender's recommendation we got it and it was a hit! The raspberry lemonade cocktail was delicious. I'd come back for that alone.
