DT Kirby's
Rating: 5
Text: It's a great place for bar food! I go there regularly and I've been very pleased with every visit. Friendly and casual atmosphere. Throughout the day it's family friendly. Evening and weekends are pretty packed but seating is still easy to get and food is fairly quick for the amount of people. Staff is very friendly and helpful! 
Among my friends and I a go to Burger is the Bacon egg burger which is delicious! Philly sandwich is also really good, I haven't tried anything I don't like. 
There is a great selection of beer that's constantly rotating. Their full bar allows you to get any drink you want. 
Overall it's always a great experience, fast and friendly service. Worth coming back.
Rating: 1
Text: VERY disappointed with DT Kirby's. My husband and I planned to eat dinner there and watch the Cubs game, we knew it would be a fun atmosphere to be in during the game. We walked in, asked for a table and despite there being an EMPTY table, we were told they do not have room for small parties. The hostess told us she could take our name and phone number and call us if something opened up. Uh, no thank you. Our money is good enough on the many, many other times we have eaten or drank there, but it's not good enough to get us a table to watch the Cubs first playoff game of the season. Well, thank you DT Kirby's for showing us how we rate, you will be happy to know you will not have to worry about turning us away again, we will NOT be back.
Rating: 5
Text: Love the atmosphere! Great food. Menu items are unique and very tasty. Beer selection for me is usually Bud Light, but my boyfriend enjoys the different craft beers they offer! We are repeat customers for years!
Rating: 5
Text: LOVED this place!!!

The food is ranked by rolls of paper towels --- which means how messy it might get.  :-)

We had the mushroom Swiss burger --- a 4 roll burger.   It lived up to it ranking!

The burger was delicious!  Our only suggestion to --- unless you like your burgers pink --- go with well done.

The ambiance is way too cool!

Wait staff is efficient and friendly.

Great visit!
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointed this time!  We have been here a few times, and food is usually good. 
Not this time, I commented to the waiter, but was told that's how they come.  My burger was cold and raw.
Waiter said the menu says cooked medium rare.  I'm sorry but it was barely brown, it was cold and blood red in the middle, looked like raw hamburger.  I waisted my money and went away still hungry. I won't be back.
The other 2 people I came with had burgers, and they were cooked.  They just commented the burgers had no flavor.  They were a little busy, but not so busy they couldn't keep up.
