Dublin Pub
Rating: 4
Text: Great beers, good food, slow and inattentive service 

We came here on a late Thursday afternoon, so the place wasn't quite filled up yet. The ambiance was fairly pleasant, but a place you'd come to enjoy the way it looks, but you come for the food and mainly beers.

The beers were great, they mainly carry stouts and brown ales, I've had one from Yellow Springs, so as local as it gets just about. If I weren't driving, I'd go for lot more than just one beer.

The food was pretty good too. The charcuterie plate was a nice starter, definitely an upgrade and refresher from the old mozzarella sticks and plain old fried things.
My Reuben was great, loved it, nice rye, good meat and great zing to it. Their chips were good as well. They forgot about my fries, although I decided for this meal mainly because it came with chips and fries. I has to ask separately and they tried to tell me I didn't order them. Oh well. They were thick cut fries and great with some vinegar and salt.

One thing that I would definitely like to see improved would be the service and their attention paid to the guests. The place wasn't really that busy for them to fall behind, but for extended periods of time we were left with empty plates on our tables empty glasses as well.

We will definitely be back for the beer and food, meanwhile hoping we get better service.
Rating: 5
Text: The Ruck sandwich is possibly the best sandwich I have ever tasted. Smoked, sliced brisket with cheese and Guinness BBQ sauce on a pretzel bun. The flavor is out of this world. Service is great, nice atmosphere, great drinks. I can't think of anything I would change here.
Rating: 4
Text: The Dublin Pub was the best thing about Dayton. Food was good beer was cold outside sitting was plentiful and the day was very nice. I'd recommend this to anyone who wants to travel to Dayton
Rating: 5
Text: I have been a long-time patron of the Dub Pub. I love the atmosphere; it really does feel friendly, welcoming, and home-like. The food is delicious, and most dishes are generous enough that you'll be taking home leftovers. The service is usually good, depending on which server you get. They feature a changing roster of beers on tap (local and otherwise), an incredible whiskey selection, and have an awesome Bloody Mary brunch most Sundays.
Rating: 5
Text: Really good food with a great selection for a pub. Great little pub, indoor and outdoor seating. Beer selection was outstanding and not over priced. Waitress was attentive and polite. Lively atmosphere.
