Duffy's Tavern
Rating: 5
Text: Duffy's is a bar in a really old historic building. We enjoyed our visit here for lunch had some wonderful food. The hamburger was terrific. They have a large variety of beer and of course they serve many other mixed drinks. Not exactly the family restaurant more of a Bar and Tavern has its called. But it was an enjoyable location to visit. The waitresses and waiters were very courteous and kind. Our meal came in a reasonable amount of time and was very fresh. It was a fun place to go.
Rating: 4
Text: Great atmosphere. Burgers are wonderful. Not a good place if you are a celiac but my husband wanted to go. I think they need more staff or something because we waited a long time for drinks and refills. And they held our food back until our appetizer came out which we didn't ask for. Although the waitress was quite friendly and got our orders accurate. The Fireman room was awesome to look at and would have preferred to sit in there. Overall, it was a great experience and we enjoyed it.
Also, there was another review on here that said it was a dirty place. We didn't notice that at all. It was really clean and we were there on a busy weekend.
Rating: 2
Text: We were there on a Thursday right about lunch time. Love the old building and Irish Pub atmosphere. We ordered the mushrooms and were totally surprised at how Huge they are, they were great. I ordered the shepherds pie as this is one of my favorite dishes. I have to say it was a huge disappointment - the meat was dry and tasteless, the veggies were basically nonexistent and there was no juice or gravy of any kind to give any other flavor to the meat portion of the pie, the mashed potatoes were good but that is about all I can say about the dish. My husband had the tenderloin which he said was good and his fries were good too. But for a Tavern to be named Duffy’s and have all the Irish bling inside and out I would have thought the Shepard’s Pie would have been something to rave about, sadly I was mistaken.
Rating: 5
Text: I like coming here every time I'm around. Its just a cool place . Nothing like in a big city.  Good selection of beers and positive atmosphere.
Rating: 4
Text: Good food. I love the fried mushrooms. Very large mushrooms fried golden brown. You get a large serving if you get the full order. The bartender said half orders are usually enough for most people. I got a half order and a burger. I like the shape of the  building as well.
