Eagle Pointe Golf Resort
Rating: 4
Text: Golf course wasn't in the best condition. But the club house and all other amenities were top of the line. Sounded like there is new management here, and the woman I spoke to was very understanding that the course wasn't in fantastic condition and that they were working their best to get the course back to better conditions. Will be returning in the spring time to see the improved course.
Rating: 1
Text: Went with a group of 16 or so the weekend of Sept 22 and the parking lot has been empty Friday and Saturday. Feels like this place is not going to be around much longer. Crabgrass everywhere, fairways are dry, greens are in horrible shape. Dumpster is overflowing into the cart path coming to the clubhouse from 18. The clubhouse is in need of repairs, they had a bucket catching water dripping through the ceiling in the clubhouse dining room from an unknown source (Not raining). 

At one time this place was beautiful, now it is pitiful.

On a positive note: No one pushes you when the course is empty. We practically have 18 to ourselves. Condos were in decent shape inside. Manager Dawn was very accommodating and food was good for the most part.

We will not be back next year.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is like a real life walking dead episode, course has a cool design though. Weeds ran rampant so much that you couldn't find your ball if you weren't on the fairway. Weeds were on the fairway as well. Only place that wasn't overran by weeds was the greens. An employee told me the place hasn't been touched with a chemical in a least 2 weeks and said the owner doesn't have the money to give the super to do his job. Waste of 42.00 and a waste of time. Bunkers which there's allot of, were concrete and had weeds in them. Completely ridiculous, sell the course to someone who will take care of it. O lay upside is the banks will soon own this property due to foreclosure. Also was told the owner will be arrested soon. Stay away!
Rating: 3
Text: The course is good and It's not terribly challenging, but has its moments with some hole being designed much better than other.  The grass all around is well groomed with decent greens. Some holes are tight, but possible to find most balls. The biggest con is the expensive price for what this course is, paying around $35 for 18 and cart. The restaurant is good, but a touch pricey as well. 
Rating: 3
Text: The live entertainment was great. Food and service could be improved.
