Eckert's Belleville Country Store & Farms
Rating: 5
Text: What an awesome place for anyone to go and have a great time. They offer everything with a great atmosphere so you can go and enjoy yourself with or without kids. The food there is phenomenal and the restaurant and in the deli, I would choose to have their deli food for dinner every night if I could. If you've never been there it's a must-see so give it a visit and I promise you'll have a good time
Rating: 5
Text: Family-owned farm and store enterprise.  Allow plenty of time for a visit.  Even if you are not taking kids or grandkids to take out to the orchards or fields to personally pick produce (via a tractor-pulled wagon) you'll need a lot of time to peruse the nursery (which has an excellent variety and selection of plants in season) and market.  The market has top-quality items in hundreds of categories, on-site bakery (Irish soda bread is amazingly tasty ?? ) wine section, fresh produce, gift section, etc, etc.  Something like a Trader Joe's mixed with Whole Foods, but with a large percentage of items' ingredients grown and delicious foods made right there, canned & jarred like Mom or Grandma would have done.
There are literally acres of parking, many handicapped spaces (that fill quickly) and an associated restaurant a few steps from the main entrance.  Haven't tried the restaurant, so can't comment on it.  But I'm certain the eye to quality that permeates the rest of the operation extends there as well.
One more comment.  We first visited Eckert's while visiting my brother & his wife, who live locally.  We are in the area roughly twice per year, and now make this a regular place to visit every time we're in town.  It could certainly be considered a touristy stop... but we treat it now like the locals seem to:  a top-notch market with great quality and variety.
Definitely a place that won't disappoint!
Rating: 1
Text: I’ve been to Eckerts many times and overall have had a positive experience.  Unfortunately, we had a less then pleasant experience at the restaurant.  We sat at our table for nearly 20 minutes without being greeted by a server as other tables around us were served.  The server then neglected to bring our appetizer and side salads after multiple requests.  The order was placed wrong by the server so we did not receive our correct items.  

We then waited nearly 20 minuets to pay and asked to speak to a manager because everyone deserves a chance to know how they can do better in a constructive way.  The manager blew off our concerns and treated us  with disrespect.  This is the primary reason for this review.  Clearly the management staff doesn’t care about making corrective actions.
Rating: 5
Text: Wagon rides out to pick apples or pumpkins isn't free anymore - it's $1 per person now. We were here for pumpkins, but have been many times for both other pumpkins, apples and even blackberries. Their fruit is always tasty. The new store/shopping area inside is a nice, new addition.
Rating: 5
Text: My girlfriend and I came here to buy pumpkins and even though they were very busy we were in and out in 10 min. Even if you come here to pick your own pumpkin you will not be disappointed. You ride a hay ride style wagon pulled by tractors to the pumpkin patch which kids love. Employees are great. Even the tractor drivers who you would think would be grumpy lol. Very good family friendly destination.
