El AS De Oros
Rating: 5
Text: I was weary of this place because of the mixed reviews, but many locals love it. The service was not the fastest, but the food was so delicious, everyone was nice, and the inside is just beautiful! So many detailed paintings on the chairs and booths and it's just such a colorful restaurant. I got C. under their vegetarian options, which was awesome. I bean burrito, enchilada, and tostada. All of it was tasty! I've been to a lot of Mexican restaurants and this one is one of my favorites. Pretty atmosphere and great food!
Rating: 4
Text: Great food.  No sign because it was being repaired.  We enjoyed the xangos dessert.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is the saddest excuse for a Mexican restaurant ever. Terrible food, terrible service, and no care about any of the things its lacking. We came in at 1230 for lunch and there was a couple people there eating, few minutes waiting was finally seated. Ordered drinks and food, food came out in a decent time so everything was looking ok. Started to eat and the food was cold. Talking it out of the fridge cold and putting it on a plate. The cheese on the enchiladas was not even warm. Waiter asked how was the food and we told him and his response was well the cook is new. Not a excuse for cold food. I ordered the Trio Maza (something), the chicken and steak were tough as all get out, and the shrimp were also cold. Noting seems to be prepared fresh. Will not come back to this place. 
Rating: 1
Text: The service was subpar. We waited for 20 minutes for someone to come back to our table to see how we were doing or give us a box. Another table had to get up so that they could have their order taken. The food was absurdly salty and lacked any true flavor. None of the food was spicy. I have eaten a lot of Mexican food in my day and between the food and service it was the worst. The high reviews only come due to the town not having few other options for food. This place would be really hurting if a real Mexican restaurant moved in.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome drinks! Authentic Mexican food. Perfect local date night
