El Bracero of Central City
Rating: 5
Text: A jewel found on the side of the road in a town no one knew was there. Worth the trip. Very friendly and helpful staff. Always busy
Rating: 4
Text: Went here for business lunch and was actually shocked when they asked for smoking or non smoking table. Of course we said none smoking. Time was around 1130 on a weekday and we were seated right away. Fast service, the complimentary chips and salsa are definitely not the best thing about this restaurant. I had the lunch Special #4, basically a chicken burrito, with extra rice and no beans. The burrito was very well prepared and the amount of shredded chicken was not on the light side. For under $10 with a soda, how can you go wrong. Recommended and I would eat here again and try something different. Coworkers all enjoyed their meals as well. Thanks for reading, literally, and if this review helps give a thumbs up!
Rating: 5
Text: It's a cozy, quiet place to sit and enjoy a delicious meal and visit with your friends and family. I recommend this place to everyone.
Rating: 1
Text: Our family have been coming to this restaurant for years, we started at the 'older' location that most people wouldn't go to because it looked rundown. Continued to go once the new place was completed. We were so excited to bring family from out of state, bragged about the food and the service. Wow. What a major disappointment. None of us finished our orders, the menu choices changed as apparently did the ingredients, preparation of food, and the waiter came across as if we were an annoyance to him. The chips and salsa were okay, the chunky guacamole tasted as if they had doused it in lime juice and the flies were everywhere. I was embarrassed because I spoke so highly to our visiting relatives prior to dinning there. We won't be back.
Rating: 3
Text: Typical Mexican restaurant. Nothing spectacular but service is very good. Chunky guacamole is delicious. I asked for my food to be warmed up because it was room temperature and I got back a very hot plate and slightly warmer food. Enchiladas had a cardboard texture but my husband had a chimichanga and enjoyed it. Rice was very dry and beans tasted like straight from the can. I have ate here before and food was better. Hopefully this was just an off night for them.
