El Conquistador Restaurant
Rating: 3
Text: Consistently my favorite Mexican-ish food in town. Despite the other reviews here, they actually do make their tortillas fresh in house. You definitely need to get a flour taco or you're missing out.

That said, this place has the spottiest service of any restaurants I've ever been to. They've always employed high school boys, and not the brightest of the bunch. They all care way more about socializing than doing their jobs. I've had my food sit in the window for ten minutes before being served, and I've had drinks go without a refill for twice that long. They screw up the order (not the cook's fault), forget to bring out dip... you get the picture.

I'd eat here way more often if I could just get what I order in a timely fashion. As is, I can only talk somebody into eating here with me once every couple months.
Rating: 2
Text: Queso from a can, charged extra for carry out. Food was mediocre at best! Chile Verde tasted like pureed broccoli. Will not eat here again. Store bought tortillas. Found nothing that was even close to authentic
Rating: 5
Text: Tuesdays and Thursdays they run a beef special that makes this an ideal place for a cheap lunch during the week. They have really done some fantastic upgrades recently. We have been eating here for years! 
Rating: 1
Text: Service was good, but food tasted like Velveeta. They charge for chips, not a big deal if you actually want their chips but a surprise charge if you're used to most mexican restaurants and getting complimentary chips. Maybe other menu items are better, but the yellow processed cheese overpowered the dish. 
Rating: 3
Text: Great mouth watering food. However, rather expensive and the prices keep getting higher and the serving sizes are getting smaller. Foods easy to warm up and eat for leftovers. Special cheese dip is great when they don't put in 75% meat and 20% cheese (rest is air (sometimes)). Hot sauce is just that hot but still amazing. Mild sauce is basically ketchup but I never use it either way. Sauce on the enchiladas, I swoon everytime I think about it but still it's very $$$$$. 
Nice staff that are very helpful. Always help take food out to car when you've called it in to go.
