El Camino Real
Rating: 5
Text: We had El Camino Real (Toledo) provide the catering for my son and daughter in law's wedding reception and it the food was just amazing!! The service provided by Manager Rafael and his staff was beyond fabulous, courteous, happy and very professional. I also really got the impression that they took great pride in preparing this dinner package which is something I don't always see. Speaking of the packaging - it was perfect and everything we needed was provided.  Also, Rafael offered to bring anything else we needed to the reception should we have thought of something last minute. The cost was more than fair for what was provided. I would not hesitate to have El Camino Real cater again. Best wedding reception dinner EVER and the crowd loved it!!! Thank you Rafael and the gentlemen who helped load everything in my truck and thank you again for the wonderful food and making our family wedding even more amazing!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Good food, margarita's and atmosphere. Only problem I experienced was service while on the patio. The service inside is good but not so much outside. If you sit outside make your presence known or let the bartender know. Otherwise you might be sitting there for a while.
Rating: 5
Text: My experience here was very positive. We both had quesadillas and they were delicious. We did not have to wait long at all before the food came out. We would go back again.
Rating: 2
Text: Before I moved to Toledo, I visited El Camino and thought the food was tasty and flavorful and the margaritas were well made. Sadly, I saw a decline in food, drink and staff quality over the years. The drinks are almost all tequila with tons of sugar mix so if you're looking for the worst hangover ever, this is the place to go. Food is now tasteless and ill prepared. Unfortunately, Toledoians love this restaurant because of what it used to be so I guess you'll have to go and decide for yourself!
Rating: 3
Text: I love Mexican food and the atmosphere of the Mexican culture. This a good restaurant for that and it has amazing food. The waiters/waitresses/cooks are really friendly but there are too many drunk people. I do understand it has a bar so you're obviously going to run into people who are drinking but it's out of control. The bar area should have a separate entrance and a separate bathroom. I went in the bathroom with my 9 year old sister and a bunch of girls were cussing and when we walked in they just laughed and my mom politely told them there was a kid in there and they didn't care. Some of the girl hosts can be very rude. Overall, it would be a better restaurant if the bar area had a separate entrance.
