El Meson
Rating: 5
Text: Great evening with friends.  We ordered the meat, cheese and olive tray to start.  VERY good.  Then everyone at our table ordered fish.  2 had the coconut crusted white fish which was incredibly good and perfectly fried.  2 others had the fish special and it was also amazing.  Trade up on your side item for the tropical side salad which is delicious!
Rating: 5
Text: El Meson is the shining Star of South Dayton.  Their food is creative and delicious.  The staff is attentive, flexible and fun!  This needs to be on you bucket list if you haven't been there!  The Castro family rocks it every night!
Rating: 4
Text: This is known as one of the best restaurants in the Dayton area. It is Spanish food, not Mexican. I had the seafood pealla. It was very flavorful but I felt there was something missing. Not sure what it was. It was good, just not $25 good. My wife had a steak medallion dish with black beans. The steak was topped with onions and tomatoes. It was really nothing special and the beans were just beans, nothing great. I did have an appetizer that was a sheep's cheese on bread. Now that was great and very flavorful. I am not saying the place is bad but I'm not sold on it as a great top 10 place. I will try it again though ?. 
Rating: 5
Text: A must visit place if you like Latin American flavors...the place has excellent food, great ambience and friendly people....!!!!!

The food is definitely Hispanic (cuban inspired) but the flavors are not the same as your typical neighborhood Mexican restaurant.
The server was very knowledgable on the food they serve and his suggestions were spot on. 
We ordered the cuban inspired rice dish, fish sandwich with their signature ice tea. All dishes were delicious and loaded with flavor.
Rating: 2
Text: Had reservation for the patio, when we got there we were told the patio was full.  Couple we went with were celebrating their anniversary and requested patio when they called. The food was mediocre at best and coffee refill was offered when we were getting up to leave.  Dessert we had the crepes was tasteless. 3 out of 4 of us would not go back.
