Eldorado Scioto Downs
Rating: 5
Text: Great for slots. They have cheaper drink prices than some casinos I've been to. The outdoor smoking sections are also very large. I haven't had the buffet but the dash cafe and Brew Brothers offer some good food. The dash cafe has a ton of food for the price. Unless you want table games, I'd go here over Hollywood.
Rating: 2
Text: Overall, payouts are slim and comps are terrible. You can spend A LOT and the free play or meal comps will never come. They only let you win enough to keep playing. Game selection isnt that great. I have much better comps and payouts at Hollywood. I go an average of 3 times a week and think ill skip this place from now on. The drink stations are often out of items and filthy. Bathrooms are okay. Much cleaner and maintained at Hollywood.
Rating: 5
Text: Well let’s talk about the best in Columbus Ohio when it comes to winning @ any Casino if it is your time to hit the big one. Well I am 77 Years young and last year I won over 66K so it is not the Casino it Is just not your time. Having said that I love going to this Great Casino and I love Winning.
Rating: 1
Text: Gaming here is really dissatisfying. Slots are really tight. You never see hand pays here and you never see anyone really winning anything outstanding. The few local customers I spoke with say they have seen a serious decline in guest winning anything. I wouldn't recommend coming here if you think you're going to walk away a winner. Very poor service at the bars and really rude floor employees. The buffet wasn't worth the money spent that's for sure. Cafe food staff was slow and the food nothing to good on the menu. But for the slots to just rip you off on a consistent basis is really sad. Now we just go to brew brother's for lunch sometimes and completely forget about the games of chance. You're not going to win at all. If you do you're just there at the right moment.
Rating: 3
Text: Much better vibe than the Hollywood. Avoid the Hollywood Casino like the plague it sucks. Have to add something to this. I won eight hundred bucks the last time I was here but gave back 200 bucks recently on my birthday. As of October 2017 I had not gone to the buffet. Finally tried it and it was absolutely awful. The worst casino buffet I've ever seen. Selections were very limited. Salad bar was actually worse than frisches big boy and that salad bar was pretty terrible.
For everything else it was pretty much over cooked and a couple of guys behind that counter didn't seem to care too much about what they were doing. Sausages and hamburgers grilled way overdone didn't even try them. The big deal was they had prime rib that looked okay but was obviously only overcooked actually on the outside and tough as shoe leather on the inside. Couldn't eat it. The only thing that was any good was a piece of breast meat Fried Chicken. 
Pretty obvious that people don't really care when they put something like this out and then charge you 15 to 20 bucks for it. Best buffet I've ever had was actually down at Belterra in Cincinnati, fantastic. Actually free just for signing up for the first time. Pretty disappointing Eldorado Scioto Downs and all I got was 5 comp points for my birthday. The restaurant is decorated very strangely and just as sparse as the buffet. Kind of meant to mimic the wacky Decor in Vegas casinos.
