Element Restaurant and Lounge
Rating: 5
Text: We were here a few months back for a rehearsal dinner, and I could not have been more pleased.  We had both our 2 year old (ring bearer) and 9 week old with us.  While we were looking forward to a fabulous meal, I was dreading the thought of trying to keep them both quiet and seated for the duration of the evening.  

While the food was as absolutely delicious as I expected (and more), I was completely blown away by the service.  Upon entering, I was quickly approached and offered 'anything' for my son.  Knowing the fish and beef options may not be the most appealing to a 2 year old, they promptly made him his own cheese pizza which he loved. Midway through the night, I needed to leave to feed my 9 week old and had planned to go out to the car.  I'm not sure how he knew, but the nicest man (who I assume was the manager) discreetly tapped me on the shoulder and offered me a private room.  I could not have been more grateful.  My 2 year old also loved watching the climbers at Climb So iLL that we could see from the second story.  What could have been a disastrous meal turned into a wonderful and memorable evening.  I could not recommend more!
Rating: 3
Text: The exciting thing at this restaurant is the Ambiance. The food is all right. The location is interesting as it is in the heart of the city. But the key thing is this amazing rooftop deck and the really lovely Ambience is a cozy place it's a romantic place.
Rating: 5
Text: Element was absolutely amazing. I scheduled ahead with a party of 11, and they were able to easily meet my accommodations. We sat outside during the night and had a great view of the Arch and STL skyline. Beautiful scenery and excellent gourmet food. Really, exceptional food. If you're looking for an upscale place to dine, put Element on your list!
Rating: 5
Text: I went to Element for the first time with 4 friends. We loved the atmosphere and hip/upscale look in the lounge area. Justin was an excellent bartender. Dre was a friendly and personable server. We ordered happy hour sharable plates and everything tasted AWESOME!
Rating: 4
Text: I've been wanting to try this place for a while now and the Living Social coupon finally got us in the door! And I'm so glad we went!! My husband and I went for dinner. We started with the cheese and charcuterie plate. There were two meats, two cheeses, a pear jelly, and a house-made mustard. The cheeses were delightful - gouda and cheddar. The meats were a wild boar honey ham and a pork belly terrine. The latter (the terrine) isn't usually my thing, but I really enjoyed it! The texture was perfect and the rosemary provided nice flavor. The former was delicious! - it had a slightly different texture than ham and was slightly darker in color. But the salty sweetness struck the perfect balance! For the entree we shared the Ribeye and oh-my-goodness-it-was-amazing!!! It was cooked and seasoned to perfection! It even had a nice, crispy char on the edges! It was served with greens and carrots. The carrots were cooked, but still had a nice crunch to the them. And the greens - I don't know what they were cooked in, but they were bursting with flavor! To top everything off, a cool and cream sauce was drizzled over the plate. My husband and I have eaten some pretty fine plates of meat in our time and we both agreed that this plate was near the top of the list! We can't wait to go back and try more!
