Embassy Suites by Hilton - Columbus Airport
Rating: 5
Text: Have stayed here multiple times while in Columbus. The staff is always helpful and friendly. The indoor pool and fitness center are great for a hotel. The elevators were quick every time I used them. The daily manager's reception and breakfast are always great at this location. Access to the airport and 670 are excellent. It is close to the airport but I never had an issue with any plane noise including rooms with a clear view of the airport across the highway.
Rating: 4
Text: I attended a conference at the Embassy. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The presentations were easily viewed and heard. The lunch provided was excellent. The first day was salad, lasagna and soup, and the second day was sandwiches, pasta salad, and soup. Both days were delicious! The hotel also offers a free happy hour in the evening for hotel guests, which was a great opportunity to mingle after the conference.
Rating: 1
Text: We had a horrible experience at this hotel. Our reservation was lost, and even though I had a confirmation email showing that the room was booked two months earlier at a certain rate, Embassy Suites refused to honor it. They told us we would have to call the booking agent ourselves to sort it out, and then they sat there offering no assistance as we sat on the phone for an hour with three tired, hungry children while the booking agent repeatedly tried to send proof of the reservation. The fax was sent four times with the hotel telling us nothing, but ignoring the faxes because a fax was the "wrong procedure." Ultimately, the hotel wanted the booking agent to make a new reservation, but the booking agent couldn't do that  because the Embassy Suites system was saying there was no availability. Embassy Suites told us there were rooms available if we wanted to book directly with the hotel, but only if we were willing to spend an extra $80. Needless to say, we left, and we will not be staying at another Embassy Suites for the forseeable future. In my view, this is extremely poor customer service and I would give zero stars if the app would let me.
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms are large and comfortable. Breakfast is excellent. Managers reception was so good I skipped dinner. Will stay again if I can
Rating: 2
Text: My stay was enjoyable; however, I left 2 items in the room after checking out.  I didn't realize until I returned home.  Called immediately and had to leave a message.  Have called every day since and most recently asked for the manager.  Had to leave message and received no returned call.  Poor customer service! I may not return for future visits as a result.
