Emma Jean's Restaurant & Lounge
Rating: 4
Text: We stopped here on our way back from Omaha. The service was great. The food was excellent. We got chicken strips and fries and a double hamburger with fries and soup. Best burger I have had in a long time. Place was clean and smelled normal. Bathrooms were clean and the place was calm and quiet. Only complaint I had was the booth we moved to had a bench with a big hole, repaired with duct tape poorly.  Overall it was a great reprieve on a road trip to eat a really good burger in a clean small and calm diner.
Rating: 1
Text: Soups on offer were "hamburger vegetable" and chili - hamburger vegetable was literally the chili plus canned vegetables, served cold.  Not kidding, and I've never seen such a thing before! Saltines were way beyond stale - crushing them in the package before I tasted that awful "soup" was an immediate bad sign.  Mashed potatoes and gravy cold and absolutely tasteless. Bun cold, straight from a grocery package. The broasted chicken was very tasty and - whoa! - hot, but the piece portions were a joke.  Service was no where to be found. Calling this good "home cooking" is an affront. I know there's not a lot available in Walnut but I don't think this place tries at all. I have been to similar diners in similar towns and this was unbelievable. A major insult to the homey comfort most such diners offer in both service and food quality.
Rating: 5
Text: We plan our Sturgis trip every year around stopping here for lunch. Great homemade food. The staff is always friendly and we love the owner Lynn. He grows the corn on his farm. If he's making ribs when you stop, you MUST have the ribs. Can't wait to see you all as we come through today. 
Rating: 1
Text: Service was terrible!!!  Chicken on buffet was cold.  Pink fluff salad tasted like feet.  Will never come back!  Had to track down waitress to get my bill.  They werent busy so not sure where she was but she was certainly not taking care of her customers!!Forget about getting drink refills or anything relating to customer service.  If you didn't track her down and ask, you got nothing!  Couldn't wait to leave.
Rating: 5
Text: On our way home to Eastern Iowa from a long trip from the west coast and stopped in for the 1st time for supper. Great Iowa home cooking! Delicious fried chicken, bbq pork tenderloin and ribs! All the salads and sides are homemade and like Iowa Grandma's cooking. Owner and staff were very friendly and welcoming,which makes it even better and true of Iowa hospitality!  Thanks Emma Jean's for a great Iowa home cooked meal!
