Express Wok
Rating: 1
Text: We tried this for the first time as we have moved and this is the closest place for us now. It is terrible. We will not go back! Our one order of food was wrong and the second order's chicken was very dry! The Crab Ragoon were very good but the rest of it was terrible. Spent way too much money on the food. It is not the worst Chinese place we have been to in Peoria but it definitely is the second worst place.
Rating: 4
Text: The prices are reasonable, the food is excellent, the decor not so much.  It is tucked back in a strip mall on the southwest corner of Knoxville and Pioneer Parkway.  I eat there a couple of times a month.  It is very sparse inside, they have a few uncomfortable booths and 1 table with chairs.  The walls are painted either a strange yellow or an off white that bothers my eyes.  My guess is that it is an attempt to make the small space look bigger.  That is why my orders are always to go.

Asthetics aside, the smell when you walk in the door is absolutely amazing, particularly if they are busy.  The young lady that takes your order is very polite and courteous.  The kitchen is very efficient.  I usually go by on my way home, and even when really busy, the longest I have had to wait for my order was 15 min, it is normally about 5-10.  Call ahead for a quick pickup.

The food is absolutely wonderful.  My go to is the Orange Beef, but I have tried many of the items on the menu and they have all been fantastic!

Overall a great place.
Rating: 5
Text: I love this place! There beef chop suey and chicken chop suey are the best!!! They give you enough food to feed a crowd and the prices are reasonable!
Rating: 1
Text: I ordered delivery from here through order2eat (which is a great company, I don't blame them for this, the food arrived hot and on time) for myself and a friend. We ordered crab rangoon and the filling tasted like cheesecake, it was very sweet with no crab flavor. I ordered orange chicken and found it to also be overly sweet. My friend ordered sesame chicken, which was okay, but not great. Definitely would not recommend this place and will not order from them again. I'm probably just going to throw away my leftovers.
Rating: 4
Text: One of the best Chinese places for lunch. only flaw is they don't deliver. if they did it would be a full five stars. 
