Extra Virgin
Rating: 5
Text: It is a little pricey but it's really delicious food, they have very interesting tapas on the menu. Everything I tried was very flavorful. If you're adventurous when it comes to trying new food like me, this place if for you! Also for anyone making comments about serving sizes, it's a tapas bar, portions are supposed to be small.
Rating: 3
Text: As for the price: it is too expensive for the amount of food you get. Thank god we were there at Happy Hour when some items were 50% off.

As for the food: I thought it was pretty good, but my Spanish friend who actually cares about taste didn't like it very much.
Rating: 5
Text: AMAZING! We loved it. Service was great. I had made a reservation, but we ended up arriving early and they were still able to sit our party of 6.
Rating: 2
Text: Our friend recommended this place as a perfect date night, so we ventured out to try something new! The atmosphere is super fun and the venue in itself is very artistic and makes you feel good! I had such a good vibe walking in. When we ordered our apps we weren't in a rush as it was date night and we were chatting and having some beverages but after 45min passed we asked our server about the apps. She said shed run back and check. When we got our Spanish meatball and poblano mac n cheese they were still frozen in the center! the server asked if we didn't like our food and we let her know it was frozen, she then proceeded to bash on the cook and said that he was way behind. My husband and I totally understood and didn't really mind but it was kind of uncomfortable listening to her vent. We decided to ask her opinion on what we should order for our main course especially since the menu offers such a large variety of different meals. Her response "Its my last night working here and I honestly wouldn't recommend anything" HOLY COW. WHAT? She said shed have our apps and drinks comp'd even though we didn't ask for it. We left kind of laughing about the whole thing but I will def say I probably wont be going back.
Rating: 5
Text: High quality, delicious food served with the best service. This is a special restaurant with excellent small plates/tapas
