Family Fun Center XL
Rating: 1
Text: Salad bar was covered in flies and fruit flies. Some of which were dead in the food just laying on top of the dressing. Salad bar was not at a cold enough temperature to keep food fresh. No ice under lettuce or food that needed to be kept cold.  Soda machine was dirty does not look like they have ever cleaned the spouts. No ice in the ice dispenser for drinks. Food was left out and not replaced after several hours! We're in there from 3:30 to 6 pm and no one checked temperatures or replace food during that time after being told the salad items were covered in bugs and warm there was no attempt to fix the issue with the food. We received a refund on the buffet but no one even bothered to fix problems and the only reason we stayed was to keep to kids happy since they were already playing laser tag. Games would take money off the card and not work! Happened several times! If it's broken fix it or have it out of order!
Rating: 5
Text: We are from out of town and were staying at a local hotel. Someone recommended this place. It was very affordable, clean and had a lot of activities for our family. I am old school so I enjoyed the retro arcade but the rest of the family voted the paintball and laser tag as their favorite. We played miniature golf as a family and then spread out in the arcade. The buffet is in a small space but it has everything you need. Salad, Pizza, Drinks, and that day they were featuring steak.
Rating: 3
Text: Very disappointed in the buffet.  The pizza special was Canadian bacon with pineapple and when we arrived there were only a few slices of pepperoni - not even any cheese pizza.  We had to ask for cheese pizza & the Canadian pizza to be made.  Also, it was steak day and no knives were available.  We were there several hours and no desserts were ever put out.  The ice in the soda machine ran out - this was at 11:30 in the morning.  The floor was really sticky around the soda machine. The kids had fun playing the video games but when we paid no one explained how the cards really worked so after our 60 minutes were up it started taking our $5 ticket points.  The laser tag was a really nice course, but it was an extremely short game - would have much better if it had been twice the time.  Restrooms were a disaster!  Ran out of toilet paper in the stall, the soap dispenser was empty and only one sink had water that worked - lame dryer too.  We probably will not return for the buffet, but would go again for the laser tag if the game went longer.
Rating: 5
Text: I am a youth pastor at a large local church. Every summer for the past 10 years we have a big event at Family Fun Center XL. Their facility is perfect for our group of 200+ youth. The great thing about what they offer is that it is fun for our Middle School, High School, and Young Adult Ministries. There are not a lot of places that can span all ages like they do. Had another smoothly run party this year and looking forward to coming back next year.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I researched every place in Omaha each year for hour kids birthday party. Every year Family Fun Center has the lowest price for what you get in the package. Laser tag is by far the thing the kids enjoy most and after that I would say it is the video games and prize games. With their packages two adults get a free buffet and a free attraction which is very nice for my husband and I. We really appreciate that they do not charge extra for relatives that wand to just stop by and say happy birthday to our daughter.
