Fat Heads Brewery & Saloon
Rating: 3
Text: I went to eat and have a few beers on Saturday night with a friend. There was over an hour and a half wait but we were told we could sit in a back area that had service. We sat down, got menus and went to order a beer. I was asked for a card in order to be able to start a tab and that I could pay cash. At least that is what I was told. When everything was said and done my bill came to just under $70. I paid with cash leaving enough for a tip and everything. When I looked at my bank account this morning there was a charge for over $80 from Fat Head Brewery. After talking with Paul on the phone about the charges, I was informed that my account had been credited in a larger amount than what my bill was in order to compensate for the inconvenience and trouble. I let him know I was grateful for his sincere response
Rating: 4
Text: It's a brew pub! What else do you need to know?  They have great beer and great food. The brew pub also has plenty of seating for dining as we as the whole bar area. This place is very family oriented.  They have a game area with 3 pool tables, dart boards and an arcade bowling game. They also offer group catering in that area as well. They cover the pool tables with a solid platform and put accents at the bottom to hide the rest of the table. Over all a nice place to go with family or friends.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful in house and guest beer selection. And the food is great too. Pool tables, dart board's and a bowling machine are tucked away in the back. If you have not been, you definitely should give this place a try.
Rating: 1
Text: It’s very cool how you can see where the beer is made and the food is good too. Our waiter was the worst. He didn’t introduce himself and didn’t talk much. When a friend of mine wanted to change her beer that she didn’t like he has a look on his face like “Do I have too?”  It should have just been “okay you don’t like it? What else would you like” not just a stale face if I don’t want to. He never offered a box then randomly came back and said “oh do you need a box” after we sat there for 20 minuets ( I say this because he got a few plates off the table and still didn’t say anything then came back). He ran our cards and just sat them back on the table and walked away... no “goodbye” or thanks for coming just silence.  I left him no tip at all, I don’t feel sympathy for anyone working in this profession that just expects a tip because they work in a restaurant. He was rude and incoherent.  He didn’t derserve one. I’m a really good tipper also so he missed out.  I was just looking for a little personality and human like actions. I wanted to love Fatheads and make it a Friday spot to come hang with friends but after this it’s just a place too go once every 6 months.
Rating: 5
Text: Some of the best beers in town, and they usually have a great variety on tap at all times. The smokehouse wings are incredible. Plan at least 2 hours for a visit, this place is usually very crowded and food can take a while.
