Fatty's Pub & Grill
Rating: 5
Text: I’d definitely eat here again. Got some real heart stoppers on here but they are delicious. Service was fast and courteous. Prices were affordable. Choices were never ending. Beer selection was well above average. Not just your typical bar food, everything had a twist but wasn’t too crazy. Really enjoyed the food, service and ambience. Great outdoor areas as well.
Rating: 1
Text: Great food, great experience until we noticed the staff whispering amongst themselves about our table. Not sure if they thought we wouldn’t pay (as we did order two rounds of 12 shots), but the waitress came and asked for a card shortly after we noticed two of the women looking at our table shaking their heads. All 12 of us closed out our tabs within minutes- hopefully all of our cards went through! ?
Rating: 5
Text: Great atmosphere. Excellent food. I had the Wayne Pretsky and it was fantastic. The best thing was the potato salad. That might be the best potato salad I've ever had in my life. I will come back and just order the potato salad.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this place no stars I would. Came here as an alumni just to visit which was not a close drive by any means. Little did I know I would have an encounter with the worst management in my entire life... had a terrible Reuben sandwich with bad meat and all fat... was not even edible by how chewy it was. Asked to speak to a manager who came out and told us "since we ordered it we have to pay for it". I asked nicely if I could just get a replacement to which she said no to. Refused to comp the sandwich or replace it. Told them it was unacceptable and they said there was nothing they could do....no apologies. No nothing. Completely disappointing- needless to say we will never be back.
Rating: 4
Text: Really good beer selection. I ordered the black and blue burger which came topped with lots of blue cheese and onion rings. It was good, but i don't like the onion rings on my burger, so i wish i had known ahead of time. Would definately return to try other options.
