Feast Bakery Cafe
Rating: 5
Text: Hands down one of the absolute best gems in Bloomington. Great, knowledge staff. Great coffee & lattes. Great, amazing and interesting food, all with a farm to table flair that can't be beat. Go to Feast now, you won't regret it!
Rating: 5
Text: This location has great wine! Less crowded than the first Feast restaurant and with parking. Keep in mind that it is a cafe/wine bar, so they do not have all the food options available
Rating: 4
Text: This is one of the best restaurants in Bloomington and we are frequent patrons. The food is amazing. A few of our favorite dishes are the Croque Madame, The BLT, The Classic Burger, and the Butter Biscuits. 

As other reviews have said, the seating space is extremely limited—I? would say they have approximately ten tables inside, and have outdoor seating as well, however in the winter months I’m not sure you can find many people who would sit at an outdoor table. 

I? would like to give this restaurant five stars, but we had an unpleasant experience today with the hostess. We planned to eat at Feast this morning and due to the limited indoor space, the near freezing temperature, the rain, and two of our four person party being four months old and seventy years old, I? sent my husband in to wait for our table. He was told it would be a 30-45 minute wait, and since the indoor space was packed full of brunch goers, my husband told me that we (the other three members of the party) should wait until our table was ready to come to the restaurant, given we live a 3-5 minute walk from Feast. 

When our name was called, the host attempted to give our table away to another party because my husband was the only person present. He explained that he didn’t want his seventy year old mother or his four month old son waiting outside in the rain—at which point the hostess told him he was slowing the table turn around and implied they could make more money seating a party who was entirely present. He insisted on being seated and the rest of our party arrived three minutes later. The restaurant was so full you could not open the doors without hitting people. 

I? have ten years of experience working in food service and this situation was completely inappropriate. I? understand being reluctant to seat only part of a party, but if that is Feast’s policy, restaurant patrons need to be notified when they join the waiting list. You should never tell a patron that you are trying to seat and turn over as many tables as possible to make the most money. If you are so concerned about table turnover, start looking for a new venue with more tables, and if you would like your guests’ entire party to be present, have enough space for them inside the door. 

We have visited this restaurant approximately ten times in the past three months, and I? wish this experience wouldn’t affect our relationship with Feast, but I? don’t see us coming back any time soon.
Rating: 4
Text: Nutella mocha and pulled pork tamale breakfast were exactly what I hoped for.  Delicious food, comfortable atmosphere (patio and inside), and Alex my server was very friendly and helpful. Can't wait to return!
Rating: 2
Text: Love the food, but every time I go the service makes me want to scream. I usually just drop in for a coffee and a pastry to go. The place is tiny, so you'd think they'd want to get their counter orders in and out quick. Instead, it sometimes takes ages for one of their servers to acknowledge you. Even if they have a lot of staff on hand, everyone looks overworked, distracted, and remarkably inefficient - so it could take them 15 minutes or more to make your latte and get you on your way. There is one server currently who seems on top of things and is always friendly - but the rest? Yeesh. Having worked as a barista for many years, it truly drives me nuts. The management doesn't seem to care about customer service either. I expressed interest in buying a full tray of the tiramisu once and the response was not warm. Something along the lines of, "Well that would be expensive. Maybe we could do it. I don't know." She made us feel like we were being a bother to her by even asking the question. At best, she's indifferent to her customers.
