Fields of Pizza
Rating: 5
Text: The lunch buffet at Fields of Pizza in EM is fantastic!  The selection and service are both great, and if you come on a Thursday, you get a free drink with a buffet purchase.  They also have really good fried chicken.  They have ample dining space and a big parking lot.  They have a buffet card too, which will give you a free buffet after 9 punches (you don't get a punch on Thursday with the drink deal though).  I think this location is better than the one in Moline up the avenue because they have a bigger selection.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice, clean place with very good, "quad city" style pizza similar to Harris and Wise Guys.

 I'd give it 5 stars except they kept running out of fried chicken ( although that was in part because some of the people in the line each took 3 pieces at a time ). The cashier said this is a common problem.  I wish they had a sign that said to take only one piece of chicken at a time.

We went to the all-you-can-eat lunch buffet ($ 9.00 for adults). Soda pop is extra.  It includes a small salad bar, two kinds of soup/chili, and moist, tasty fried chicken.

 There was a steady supply of multiple kinds of pizza; today included a garlicky white-sauced bacon and cheese macaroni pizza, taco, vegetarian, bbq chicken, supreme, sausage, sausage and pepperoni, pepperoni, cheese, Canadian bacon and pineapple, and others. They also had one dessert pizza and a cheesy bread with dipping sauce.

Today we were there at the peak lunch time of 11:30 to 12:30 and the restaurant was filled. By 12:30 the place was only 1/3 filled, and there was ample fresh chicken and pizza in place.  We usually try to get there earlier our later than that peak lunch hour.

Thursdays are 'free drink day', so your soda pop would be free.

The staff were efficient and friendly, and the food was all tasty and hot. It is a popular place.
Rating: 5
Text: The waitress was friendly and made sure to point out the cold air vent in case we wanted to change our seats. Then she noticed we were watching a NFL football game and changed the adjacent TV so that we could see the game better. We had the garden pizza which had a crispy crust and lots of toppings. Although, I didn't care for the finely ground sausage. I would recommend eating here. On the downside, no alcohol served here.
Rating: 5
Text: We are new to the neighborhood and this is our TO go pizza place, love the people, love the food , can't beat the price ?
Rating: 5
Text: Thank you Bobby for serving Veterans today class act. Thanks again for lunch
