Fin Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Four of us stopped here for dinner our first night in Grafton.  Two of us had the Alaskan Whitefish dinner, and it was absolutely outstanding.  Breading on the fish was just right, & the baked potato and green beans were excellent.  The other two, were less impressed.  The catfish was a little on the rubbery side, and the chicken fried steak was so-so.  Then again, who orders chicken at a seafood place right?!  Neat atmosphere if you have little ones with you, as your tables are right next to fish tanks. The wives were a bit concerned for the well-being of the fish and (absolutely gigantic) turtles in the aquariums, but we also didn't take it upon ourselves to ask the staff about them.  So I can't comment on that.  All-in-all great food for the price.
Rating: 4
Text: The Grands enjoyed the table side aquarium and dining with the fish! Karen gave us friendly service. Karen also provided information on the Ferry for another great experience that day for the Grands. Thanks!
Rating: 5
Text: This place was amazing! The food was absolutely delightful. Very fresh, hot and wasn't greasy or anything. I will be going back. The server gave the best service. 
Rating: 1
Text: WON'T BE BACK!!!Very OVERPRICED!! 3 of us and with tip it was $70.00 and it wasnt even good. VERY PRICEY FRIED FOOD that tasted very bland. Average price on the menu was  $16.00 with drink!!! There are many other places in grafton for a much better value that are delicious!!! On the flipside, It was very nice and clean and we did get great service.?
Rating: 2
Text: The food was okay, not good but not terrible. The service however was terrible. I want to be fair in saying our waitress was very nice but she would disappear for extended periods and we would have to ask for other waitresses for help. A young man working there barley spoke to us when he came to our table and to be totally honest we aren't sure if he worked there. 

We had multiple things missing from our order and there wasn't any hustle from staff to fix that. My mom waited an extra 10 minutes before we had to ask a waitress again where here dinner was. 

The turtle in the tank was cool. That's basically the only redeeming aspect of this place. 
