Finley's Grill & Smokehouse
Rating: 1
Text: My prime rib and the bread were good, but the side salads and presentation was something like a cafeteria. Asked for extra napkin and was brought a stack of paper towels, the tri-fold ones you get from a wall dispenser in the restroom. The biggest disappointment was how dirty everything was. The table was old-sticky and the floor under our table was very oily. We were also taken to our table by walking right in front of the kitchen. I can't believe it's not breaking a regulation to have guests walking right between the kitchen window opening (where they put ready to serve dishes up for the wait staff to take) and a drink/cash register staff station. This place would benefit from a good scrub down and better staff training. I don't like to leave negative reviews, but I wish we'd read reviews before we went.
Rating: 5
Text: Finley's Grill & Smokehouse in Kalamazoo MI were super helpful in planning the food for our special day. They were always available to call and ask questions. We were invited to stop in for a tasting and it was excellent. They also worked with us on deciding amounts of food based on the amount of people invited to the reception. I enjoyed how easy it was to work with them and how quickly they responded to any question I had. They even made it super easy to have other food like sides and sweets we made ourselves to compliment the meal. We even received a beautiful wedding card from them a week or so after the Wedding. I would definitely use them again.
Rating: 5
Text: My favorite place to go for my birthday. Bran was our waiter, and gave us outstanding service. The food was great too.
Rating: 3
Text: It's a pretty decent place. The food is good, but nothing special. The BBQ is actually a little underwhelming. Relatively speaking it's comparable in pricing to other restaurants, but you can get a pretty large bill of you're not careful. I left mostly satisfied, but probably won't return.
Rating: 5
Text: From South Bend.  Was in town doing a little shopping and at the last minute decided to pick for the first time Finley's Grill for a late dinner on a Friday night.  Absolutely fantastic  Brisket s.  Waitress was good.  I definitely have found a smoke house for some great brisket and will travel over an hour back just to take in dinner here again soon.  Prices were good .

