Firehouse Subs
Rating: 2
Text: I love firehouse subs. But I'm so disappointed in my most recent visit to this location. Being that I'm 6 months pregnant and I have been craving the beef and cheddar sandwich for weeks. I was so excited to finally have it but they didn't toast my bread! My bread is very soggy which makes it's hard to enjoy the sandwich. If I'm not mistaking, firehouse toasts their sub rolls and drains the meats to ensure the bread does not get soggy. How ironic... Very unsatisfied...
Rating: 2
Text: Staff are very polite but our sandwiches were not good. All of my meat was on one side of my sandwich, my bread was not toasted & it overall just didn't taste that good. My boyfriend go a 12 inch sub & the meat portion was like an 8 inch sub. The ends of his sandwich were just all bread & he couldn't even spread out the meat because there just wasn't enough! & he said his sandwich was gross. I LOVE firehouse & have been craving them for a while but it was just disappointing. Probably won't ever come back to this location. Again the staff was amazing, the food just wasn't.
Rating: 5
Text: Great subs. This became one of our best place for subs. The veggie sub with Mushrooms is awesome. We will come back again.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible service they didn't toast my bread and they hang out in the back the 20mins I was in the store bathrooms were gross. Rude ass people is all I have to say. I love firehouse subs and drove 20 mins to get here and will never come again. Bunch of lazy employees
Rating: 1
Text: This is the worst group of employees I've ever encountered. I placed an online order, and I walked in 2 minutes after the promise time. When I walked in, no one greeted me, no problem, who cares. BUT, then I walked up to the register to pick up my food, stood there for, maybe 5 minutes, while I was ignored by the one employee in the front making a sandwich. He was busy working though, so I didn't really care. Finally, this tall, skinny guy (who I could only assume to be the manager on duty at the time from his polo) walked out from the back up to the register, still texting on his cell phone, and literally threw it down on the counter in front of the register. Then just stood there and looked at me. I said, "Hi, I'm here to pick up an online order." He turned around, grabbed it, again, threw it down on the ledge, and rang me up. Didn't ask me for my name, didn't tell me how much it was, didn't tell me to swipe my credit card, has this guy ever worked in food service or any customer based job before in his life? So I swiped my credit card, then finally he spoke and said "Want your receipt?" to which I said "no, thank you." Before I could even finish saying that, he picked up his phone and was already walking to the back again. So I left. I sincerely hope that was not a manager, but either way I hope that everyone sees this and gets their act together. The food was great though. I love firehouse, and will continue to be a customer, but never again at this location. Worst team I've ever seen.
