Fisher Lake Inn
Rating: 3
Text: My Husband, Daughter and myself decided to have dinner at Fisher Lake Inn  because the previous visits to the restaurant have been pleasant ones. After arriving we were seated next to a window and were looking forward to watching the sunset over the water. About 15 minutes later other customers were seated next to us and the window shades were lowered  for a reason we were told they had a light sensitivity issue, ruining our experience. Normally we would have not thought anything of it but the restuarant had seats elsewhere for the customers to to be reseated at. We truly felt that it did not matter what we wanted as we were seated first.  We had ordered our meal both my Daughter and myseld ordered a NY Strip and when it arrived my Daughters New York Strip Steak had a lot of fat (practically 1/3 of the portion was fat)and were told that it was standard. My steak was fine. I have had many New York Strip steaks and it is a very lean piece of beef. Don't get me wrong the food was delicious but we would have liked a little  more consideration for our dining experience then we received. Thank you, Roberta O'Neill
Rating: 5
Text: This was our first visit to Fisher Lake Inn.  We were very pleased.  I really liked the salad bar,  it reminded me of the restaurants that mom and dad loved. Two in our party had the Chicken Oscar and enjoyed it.  I had the Sirloin and it was a perfect medium rare.  Another had the pasta chicken dish and he said he was happy with it.  Hubby had the walleye which he said was tasty but a tad over done.  
The beef vegetable soup from the salad bar was excellent.  My sister had the chicken marsala soup and she said it was very good. 
With the soup and salad bar and dinner,  none of us had room for dessert.  We did see another table sharing the Brownietini and it looked tasty. 
The view of the lake was gorgeous. 
We will definitely be returning!
Rating: 3
Text: We had lunch here and the service was slow- from start to finish it was a total of 1hr 15min for our lunch.  The food was alright, but a tad bit over priced.  I got a Olive Burger and a Soda for $12 before tip.  The burgers don't come with fries, they're an extra $2. Another in our party got the walleye and vegetable.  The walleye was overdone and dry--not exactly what you expect from a nautical, seafood themed restaurant- but to be fair, we are in the the Midwest so perhaps my expectations are too high.  
The setting was pleasant on Fisher Lake and it appears that many of the homeowners on the lake visit and park at their dock.
Rating: 3
Text: Salad bar is great all by itself! Homemade soups, rolls, butter and really good salad dressings, nice veggies for salad. Pickled, creamed herring. All under  $10. Plus view of Fisher Lake, fireplaces in winter and patio dinind in summer. Many motor over in boats, tie up on dock. Cool place.
Rating: 5
Text: Best ND MSU bar restaurant I've ever been to.....only ND MSU bar. Great food, staff and customers. Can't wait to go back.
