Flame Steakhouse & Wine Bar
Rating: 3
Text: Came in tonight for our wedding anniversary. We sat on the top level. Which would've been okay had the air conditioning vents not been blowing directly on us. There was venting all over and most of the vents had covers... just not the ones blowing on us. Our food came to us cold. Our steaks weren't cooked to our requested temperature. When we told our waiter that our food was cold, he said he didn't understand. We explained that it was cold, as in not hot. We also mentioned that the table next to us had food that was steaming hot and ours didnt show any kind of heat. They reheated our meat for 1 minute (literally). It was still cold. They ended up making it better by not charging us for my glass of wine. The flavor was delicious. But the environment as a whole was cold. I would also like to mention that our server was very polite. My husband doesnt want to go back, but I would give it another try.
Rating: 5
Text: Their food is always excellent, the steak is to die for, and their waitstaff is top notch, especially Carissa. I cannot recommend this place enough. Always a good choice for special occasions!
Rating: 5
Text: Might be the best steak I've ever had, great service, incredible flavors. The Delmonico was perfectly cooked, the steak tartare was insanely flavorful, can't wait to go back!
Rating: 5
Text: Always 5 star !!!!!!! James and Noah are spot on with the best service you can possibly get. Exceptional food every time I come in.....and it's once a week. This is a must if you want the best food and customer service you can get!!
Rating: 4
Text: We chose flame after reading reviews on out trip to Springfield. Our waiter was clearly new, but still did his best. We sat in the mezzanine and it was nice until people were seated in the booths, becomes very cramped. We had the 8oz Filet and the 14oz ribeye, both were fantastic. Calamari was cooked very well. Twice baked potatoes were very sub par. Cheesecake tree was delicious and enough dessert for a party of 6.
