Flat Branch Pub & Brewing
Rating: 5
Text: Columbia's premier craft brewery and restaurant. I've spent many, many hours here enjoying the beers and American pub fare. Service has always been top notch for bartenders and wait staff in the years I've been a patron.
Large spacious bar with high tables on the west side, and dining booths on the east side. A beautiful outdoor patio seats about 60 or so (I'm guessing).
They have about 16 crafted beers on tap from a rotating list of several dozen brews, and a respectable scotch and whiskey collection too.
Food is good burgers and sandwiches, salads and my favorite: a thin flatbread pizza from brick ovens. Very tasty!
Wonderful place to kick back of an afternoon  and enjoy a beer flight until you find that special brew that calls to you. 
Highly recommended. Busy on the weekend for sure and no reservations, so if you're there at 7 be prepared for a 30 minute wait.
Rating: 4
Text: Went on a Friday night and though they were busy, got seated right away. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich which wasn't great because the meat tasted old. Wasn't awful, but wouldn't order again. The onion rings were TASTY. The pizza and the wings both looked delicious so I would go back and order those next time.
Rating: 5
Text: Pub food with a foodie in mind.  Great selection of beers, as it is a micro brewery, after all.  ?   (Absolutely love the green chili beer!). Cant beat the patio on a beautiful spring or fall day.  Plan to arrive early because there is often a wait.  Good news is that you can hang out in the very spacious full-service bar while you wait.  
Rating: 5
Text: The food was amazing, but the waitress was even better! She was very kind and attentive, and she even took our appetizer off our check because it took longer than normal to come out. I definitely would come here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Food is good in general, but seems like some corners have been cut when they shouldn't have, like cheap iceberg lettuce. Beer can't compare to a big-city brewery but is a step up from commercial beers. Service has always been incredibly friendly! And the patio outside is very pleasant! Plus they're open late!
