Fortune Cookies
Rating: 1
Text: I have tried this place 15 times+ over probably 8 years, and I fail to remember a single instance that was not an utter disappointment. The only reason it is still around is the location, and I feel they know it as well. It just feels as if there is no pride in the cooking, and it shows. 

Some highlights I remember: mushy or dried up white rice multiple times, over fried ruined chicken that was completely inedible and refused to correct it as it was delivery, rotten/spoiled eggplant multiple times, hot and sour soup that was diluted as they most likely were low and added extra water to make a quart rather than inform me they were out, getting beef instead of chicken as they were out of chicken but did not bother to inform and only discovered after traveling home with the order, and more but do I even need to bother going on? 

Never, ever, bother dealing with them through B-town menus as they have atrocious delivery times and even worse customer service. Other reviews on Google support this as well. 2:3 chance you will have missing items, skimpy portions, or what looks like stored leftovers on occasion. 

Really though, go elsewhere. Maybe things have changed, but I'm never going to go and find out for myself. Owners, if you read this, get it together or invest in something else. 
Rating: 2
Text: I used to go to the restaurant, and the chef really did cook perfect food since this autumn. However, the weird restaurant owner keeps staring at all customers and always sit in the middle of the restaurant with a cup of water in his hand; it even made it difficult for me to enjoy my dish! Whoever want to be watched as an animal while eating?! I reported it several times to the waiters, but the boss does not want to change himself. WOULD NEVER GO AGAIN! FOR THE WEIRD OLD UNCLE!
Rating: 1
Text: I've never been to any restaurant that has only one waiter while there are bunch of customers waiting to be served. Have almost gone to all Chinese restaurant like Long Fei, Lotus garden, Gourmet Garden, and even the tiny little Sunny Palace has 2 waitresses. I waited for ordering in Fortune Cookies for 10 minutes, while the waiter was so overwhelmed by other customers and kept running in and out from the kitchen. So the management of Fortune Cookie, if you see my comment, JUST TURN TO SOME OTHER BUSINESS IF YOU ARE CHEAP ON HIRING WAITERS. You are just not suitable for restaurant businesses. I have been to Long Fei several times and their boss will talks to the customers in a friendly manner and sometimes even gives out free soft drinks to those who usually comes; in Fortune Cookies, the boss sits in the middle of restaurant and watching suspiciously to everyone! They are your customers. They are not thieves that will steal your property in your restaurant! And to those who gonna try some Chinese food, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE for better management team and overall atmosphere.   

A male attendant attitude is very bad, always busy answering the phone?
Rating: 4
Text: I had lunch, meal was good enough,  service fast and friendly, for the same price as a subway
Rating: 5
Text: Delish Chinese food where students can hang late night hours
