Franky & Louie's Beachfront Bar & Grill
Rating: 4
Text: This bar is a very fun place to eat and hang out. Bright colors, a beach view, a killer bar, what's not to love? There's even live music. You can go in there barefoot, shirtless and in a speedo if you'd like, and you'd still get service! I love this place. Although children are allowed after 9, though, it's a bit frowned upon. I would definitely reccommend this for families and friends.
Rating: 2
Text: I would have given them a 5 star had they included an anchor with our boat rental.  We were shocked to get there only to find out that they do not provide anchors, nor do they sell them.  There is no way to cove out in a pontoon without an anchor.  They are like sail boats and keep moving.  We were furious!  No mention of this on their website or when we called to ask about their boat rentals.  The boat itself was great, but without an anchor, USELESS, unless you want to drive around all day and burn gas.  Not a smart move on behalf of the owners.  We won't rent from them again unless they change their policy, at a minimum, they could take a deposit on the anchor.  I have never had this happen at any other rental facility at the lake. Very dissappointing.
Rating: 5
Text: If games are your thing, this is the place! Also the sand they imported is amazing. Perfect for the sand volleyball pits. Brought my kids here and they loved the beach and ducks to watch.
Rating: 2
Text: The atmosphere was great! The service was terrible.  They were very pushy to give us our check and get us out of there even though no one was waiting. We would have stayed longer and drank more but weren't given a choice. This was 9:00 pm in an establishment that closes at 1:00 am. Food was good but the order was messed up. There were 16 of us so we spent over $300 but yet weren't met with any kind of hospitality. 
Rating: 2
Text: Menu is limited bar food. No gluten free options. (Even if cross contamination wasn't an issue.) DJ on the beach is way too loud. We couldn't hear the person next to us. Used to be a family favorite. Not anymore. We still adore the sweet stand-up paddle boarding family. They always go above and beyond.
