Frisch's Big Boy
Rating: 4
Text: I go here often for breakfast on the weekends. I will say this- the A team works in the mornings and the B team works in the evenings generally speaking. If you want good tasting food and exactly how you ordered it- go early. It seems like the night cooks aren't quite as skilled and service isn't as good during the evenings. My husband is unhappy that they switched to Pepsi products in the last year or so...he's also unhappy about them no longer carrying jelly. I have no idea why they only have jam now for toast, but we still eat there... just kind of weird! Word to the wise, the bathrooms are disgusting. The dining area has recently been updated, but they have failed to update the bathrooms- I assume it has to do with cost. All in all, it's a decent place to get a meal! Usually a pretty friendly place!
Rating: 4
Text: We visit this Frisch's often, and we almost always have a great meal and service there. It's a franchise restaurant, so I can order liver and onions even though it's not on the official menu.

I'd love to give it 5 stars just for the great service we've received so often, but things like way overcooked chicken tenders and fries make that hard. And the bathrooms need a serious cleaning regimen applied.

Still, I ignore the "B" rating because it may just be from the bathrooms, and I really enjoy visiting here. Oh, but I do bring my own water because I don't like the taste of water or drinks there at all. 
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent. Everyone was friendly, service was great thier were two young workers there just made my day with their beautiful smiles and went out of their way to come over to our table and welcome us. We will definitely be going back the food was excellent. They offer breakfast buffet so there is no waiting for your food. You can also order off the menu for a short wait for your food
Rating: 5
Text: Very good food still had that good ole chilli size spaghetti. A favorite of mine from 50 yrs ago as a kid at bobs big boy and very good service i might add. Ty.
Rating: 1
Text: I ordered chicken tenders hubby ordered a fish sandwich,both came out overcooked,sent back & was still overcooked to crunchy to eat,picked off the breading & tried to eat some dried out chicken. You would have thought the manager would have come out to make sure everything was ok,but nope.Wanted to order a hot fudge cake our favorite where we live,was afraid it would come out overcooked. Loved our waitress though was the only pleasant part of the place.
