Frita Batidos
Rating: 5
Text: There are no words to describe Eve and her team who absolutely blew away all of our expectations when they catered our wedding September 23rd, 2017. 

First, when we went to our venue to do a final walk through about 2 months before our wedding day, Eve showed up with 8 team members to ensure that they knew exactly what was needed from them and what would be taken care of by the venue. They took rigorous notes and asked our venue coordinator for every single detail of the day. Eve then worked with us to make recommendations for our menu to ensure that our guests had the best culinary experience. She also helped us decide to serve the food family style to create a more communal environment that would encourage our guests to interact throughout the meal.

The day of the wedding went impeccably with Eve and team. They showed up early and worked incredibly hard to ensure that our guests had an enjoyable time along with the most flavorful and colorful food. The entire cocktail hour, every guest stopped us to tell us how incredible the appetizers were (Eve completely created this menu on her own). 
For dinner, they accommodated our vegetarian guests and created a kid’s menu without us even asking. On Sunday, the parents of the children thanked us for the special menu and we had no idea that Eve had that planned. They served them chicken fingers and fruit. As for the rest of the guests, family style dining was fully embraced and our guests loved the communal aspect. Every single person we spoke with told us that it was the best wedding food that they have ever had. The flavors, the color, the community- this is what Frita Batidos prides itself on and being able to scale that to 150 guests speaks to Eve & team’s talent. 

Eve & team, thank you for the amazing experience and even more incredible food. We had our first date at your restaurant and we couldn’t have been more thankful for all of your hard work and effort on our biggest milestone since then! If you are a foodie that wants to treat your guests to an amazing culinary experience, Frita Batidos is what you need!
Rating: 4
Text: One of my favorite spots in Ann Arbor. I've tried every batido and the coconut is hands down the best drink I've had in my life. The food is delicious. And they're open late!

Only downside is the communal seating. They don't clean the tables often enough. I'm almost always eating around the previous patrons trash.
Rating: 5
Text: I absolutely love Frita Batidos! On multiple occasions I have taken the 1.5 hour drive just so I can get a black bean burger and garlic cilantro fries. I recommend it to everyone who tells me they're going to Ann Arbor. I've even written an essay about the restaurant for one of my college classes because I love it to much.
Rating: 3
Text: Was our first time to Frita Batidos today. We got a double chicken sandwich with muenster cheese. It was a good sandwich, a little on the too-salty side, but great seasoning. We also got a large order of garlic cilantro fries which were definitely too salty. Altogether the taste of the meal was good but far too salty. Their easy as 1-2-3 menu wasn't so easy since we literally had no idea what we were really ordering. I anticipated some kind of sandwich based on the meat choices, but I think pictures of these in the restaurant would have been helpful. The line and seating arrangements aren't ideal in the store, especially during lunch, but the table 
outside was open and it was much quieter out there anyway. A good place but not one that we'll likely return to.
Rating: 2
Text: This place has amazing food. Amazing burgers. But on numerous occasions, I've called up there 20 times plus for a pick up order & no one answers the phone. Today, I called my friend who was in the restraunt to see if they were so busy they couldn't answer the phone. Witch would have been understandable. But that was not the case. My friend said there were 6 people in line. Witch if you have been here before, you know 6 people in line isn't busy. I just don't understand why they don't pick up there phones.
