Fritz's
Rating: 3
Text: This is a great place to take your children or if you are a fan of trains. You order your food at the table by phone (attached to the table) and your food is delivered by a train. The menu is standard hamburger and fries. I believe they have hot dogs and a few appetizers. The restaurant is located inside Crown Center and there is plenty of off site parking in a garage. They will validate your parking when you pay for your meal.
Rating: 3
Text: The food was great! But the order-taker did not list our food correctly. We ordered about 2 cheeseburgers NO CHEESE AND PICKLES but we got the cheese and pickles. This place is great and all, its just the workers here need some more training.
Rating: 1
Text: Couldn't wait to take my little ones here after going to the Zoo! We're not from the area so I researched our trip and was very excited about the happiest this place appeared to offer. We were greeted 10 minutes after arriving. Our waiter was a quick talker, rude, And inconsiderate. We pushed the button on the phone to place our order and the lady acted as if I was a super inconvenience to her. When our food arrived I noticed my son's fries were missing. I called them to let them know and the lady said "k I'll send some out I guess" And hung up. Then I realized my sandwich was wrong. After all the rudeness I decided it wasn't worth it. All of our fries were cold and tasted very old. The onion rings tasted like they were cooked in dirty oil. Needless to say - I will NOT be back and will NOT be recommending this place to anyone. How upsetting.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I went on our way through Kansas City and were delighted with how good the food was. Got burgers, fries, and a shake. Everything was great although I was expecting the shake to be a little better since it was a burger/shake place. Prices were great and much cheaper than I had expected. People saying the prices were too high must be comparing it to the dollar menu.
Rating: 3
Text: This is one of those places that you come for the atmosphere and not the food. Had the tenderloin sandwich and it was less than spectacular. But having trains deliver you your food from above is worth at least one visit.
