Front Street Steakhouse & Crystal Palace Saloon
Rating: 4
Text: We stopped here as we were traveling via i80 because we like to try unique places to eat.  It looked interesting from the Google Maps entry, so we stopped for dinner.  It’s a little confusing because there are multiple entrances and it’s not obvious which one enters into the restaurant (all the way to the left).  The dining area is relatively small, but cozy.  I had a buffalo burger and it was very good (never had one before but it tasted the same as a regular burger to me).  The steak fries were also good.  My wife said her BLT and salad were good.  

The service was okay, but a little slow given they were not busy.   We walked through the museum, which was neat, but we wouldn’t come here just for that.  We did not see the show so I cannot comment on that.   The overall atmosphere was pretty neat though with the old Western town look and feel.

We would come back again.
Rating: 2
Text: Waited a literal hour for our (2-person party) food, with empty tables around us so I know it wasn't crazy busy. Our waitress, who was super sweet, offered to ask her manager for a discount for us which we really appreciated. That is until we got our bill with $3 off of our $41 ticket.  Prime rib was supremely mediocre. If there were any other choices in this town I would recommend trying them out, not missing anything here!
Rating: 1
Text: We ordered 3 sandwiches and salads to go with them for dinner. The salads came out within minutes and were fine. Then we waited an hour and a half for our food that never arrived. When asked about the situation, the host told us we could just go ahead and leave without paying for anything, but they never intended to actually bring us our sandwiches. Would not recommend.
Rating: 1
Text: I ordered a Front Street Club, which the menu listed as being served on marble rye bread. It was burnt white toast. Don't order a margarita, it tasted like almost pure sweet & sour mix. The ace was not busy, but for some reason my meal took a very long time. And then it came on burnt toast. Maybe the steaks are better but I don't plan on going back to find out.
Rating: 3
Text: Like wall drug but tiny. The chicken strips fries and hamburger were good. Broccoli salad was good, but I was surprised it cost an extra 2 dollars for 3/4 cup.
