Front Street Brewery
Rating: 3
Text: A pretty good little microbrewery. Somewhat disorganized seating, but friendly service. It would be cool if they could take more advantage of the view over the river, but the brick is cozy. 
Coming from Oregon, the beer selection was not spectacular, but at least they the basic coverage: one IPA (which can be hard to find in the Midwest), a stout, a porter, a wheat beer, etc. Minus points for serving the pint in a plastic disposable cup, though. 
I ate the grilled mahi. It was pretty salty, but tasty, and nicely balanced with a rice pilaf. Not a huge portion for $16 though. 
Rating: 2
Text: I really wanted this burger to be good but it wasn't. I had the Smoke Gouda burger and my friend had the American. The Smoke Gouda burger had no flavor. It had bacon, cheese and what I think was decent quality meat but there was no flavor at all. I would say they need to reevaluate what cheese they are putting on this as smoked gouda, real smoked gouda, has a very distinct wonderful flavor. And there was none. The meat also needed some flavoring and extra cooking. The fries were good. Two of the three drinks we had we sent back because they tasted very odd (A  coke and lemonade). I wouldn't return.
Rating: 3
Text: The drinks and atmosphere were excellent. IMO, they seriously need to reevaluate their Reuben Sandwich. Specifically, their thousand island dressing was so strong, I couldn't eat it. I couldn't figure out what it was that made it so overpowering. If I come back, I will try another entree.
Rating: 2
Text: The beer is good. The service was good. Food was mediocre. Fish and chips is an insult to the name, four lightly breaded fish sticks, didn't even finish them. It was 95 degrees outside and it was actually hotter inside the restaurant, all the AC is in the entry way which is off the main dining area. Probably won't be going back.
Rating: 5
Text: I used to come here all of the time when I was in college at Augustana. I really enjoyed the food and beer. This place is a hidden gem. I honestly cannot find better food and drink in the area than what this place has to offer. I stop here all of the time when I am in the area. I absolutely love it. So Good!
