Gailey's Breakfast Cafe
Rating: 3
Text: All of the downtown trendiness and eclectic atmosphere you could ever possibly want, with a menu to suite pretty much anyone... If only they could prepare their fanciful food selections properly. I've rarely had a meal here that wasn't either over or undercooked. Don't even mention a poached egg when you enter these antique doors as you will be disappointed. Not for lack of availability, but lack of effort in preparation.  I've been here several times now, thinking I may just be catching them at a bad time, but no. The staff is very friendly and somewhat attentive. Overall, the place is neat, but focuses more on atmosphere than the quality of the food they serve.
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely amazing breakfast! Came here while visiting friends in Springfield! Couldn't have asked for a better breakfast! They had a 20 min wait. That really tells you how great their breakfast is!!! I was so stuffed at such a great price! And the staff is great!
Rating: 5
Text: Atmosphere was laid back and relaxing. Our waiter, James, was tentative and on top of keeping my coffee full. The food was wonderful and priced accordingly. All in all great place! Thank you for the great experience!
Rating: 5
Text: Good food, awesome drinks, and fantastic vibe! So far, I've tried the french toast, "The Michele," and "The Brit." I always have their sweet potato hashbrowns and one of their alcoholic coffee drinks. If you prefer beer, they have some local brews available as well as several imported and domestic brews.

The place is usually packed when I visit, but the wait is well worth it! The staff is always friendly and I feel like I get my money's worth whenever I visit. I will continue to stop by there at least once a month, more if I have the chance to.
Rating: 2
Text: Been going here on a regular basis and the food has always been outstanding, as well as the service, good prices and huge portion sizes.  The last time we ate here the server was down right rude, but I figured we'd give it another chance, everyone has an off day.
We went back today and the server sat the water glasses down so hard that the water spilled all over the table and my husband's cell phone.  NO apologies or attempt to clean it up.  I told her that we are going to need a towel to clean this up.  She huffed and walked away, she filled glasses at another table, so we took the napkins and tried to clean it up, we got a lot of it up, she looked over at us huffed and stormed away, throwing the towel and griping.
My husband said, we're not dealing with her again and we got up and went and sat at the bar and ordered from there.  I told him I do not want her near my food.  The bartender discounted the meal, which was nice.  I don't know if it will be worth going back again though and risk getting the same female server.
