Gallagher's Restaurant
Rating: 4
Text: The wife wanted to go out for her birthday, and she had a craving for family style fried chicken.  Gallagher's was suggested, and we tried it despite the 40 minute drive.  We were not disappointed.  The chicken had such a nice flavor.  All of the sides were tasty, especially the corn custard.  We had a delicious meal topped off with a nice toffee and caramel covered chocolate cake dessert.  All of that for a pretty reasonable price.  I didn't have a beer as we were there for Sunday lunch, but the wide selection available sure was tempting.  We'll definitely be back, and soon!
Rating: 5
Text: First time for the Sunday chicken feast -and it was excellent.  Crispy yet juicy fried chicken, mash potatoes, corn casserole, green beans, gravy and soft biscuits.

Then a warm chocolate brownie with white and chocolate chips.

Had plenty of leftovers to take home in some cool recycle boxes and bag.

Atmosphere is great, service super fast (to the table in 5 minutes) andi very friendly.

If you want great fried chicken at an affordable price, visit Gallagher's in Waterloo.

We're will be back.  Well done guys.
Rating: 5
Text: Becca was great! I had the salmon and it was perfectly cooked. The gizzards cut at a perfect size.  And the bbq shrimp was delicious. Probably best place I've eating in over a month! Becca suggested the dark chocolate orange icing cake. And it was perfect :)
Rating: 5
Text: I've eaten here a few times and have loved it each time!  Food is always fresh and home cooked, not processed junk food. My husband ordered the 8 oz. Steak cooked medium tonight and didn't even ask for a steak knife as he was very easily able to cut it up using a butter knife with little or no effort. My daughter and I both took a bite and it was like butter and I hardly had to chew because it was so tender and fresh! Great cut of meat! Also, I hadn't had fried green tomatoes since moving here from Kentucky as a teen so I was thrilled to see they had thday offered on their menu and they were so good! Not like my Granny's but really darn close! My kids and husband thought it sounded gross, but after letting them try a bite, they loved them as well and those were being fought over (I won).. kids had bacon wrapped sgrimp for an appetizer and they were in heaven.  Great waitress and food!  Drinks stayed filled and she was very accommodating and on top of everything even though it was Friday evening and still pretty busy. Will definitely be back!
Rating: 5
Text: Stumbled upon this place on a drive from STL. Awesome little spot. The wings and burgers are absolutely fantastic.

Really cool Irish bar feel. Nothing close to a dive bar as there's a nice restaurant area too. We sat at the bar and had a great service. Lots of cool decorations and a great vibe makes this a sure fire return on our next trip down here.
