Galo's Italian Grill
Rating: 3
Text: The food itself was pretty good. I had a grilled chicken sandwich with a pancetta on top at lunch. The french fries that it came with for very tasty too, they have a light dusting of Parmesan cheese on them and it made for very good treat. 

What left something to be desired is the service. I had the feeling that my waitress was new, just because of the way she acted, so this may just be that one experience. She didn't come back and check on us regularly, and didn't ask if we needed refills. At one point in time I had to request a refill, and it took her upwards of five minutes to bring me more tea. 

Then the food itself took over a half hour to come to us. This is way too long for a lunchtime. Especially in a restaurant that wasn't that busy. The food that we had was a cheese tortellini, and the grilled chicken sandwich. Two things that should not take that long. I don't know what was going on in the kitchen, but it definitely left something to be desired.

Luckily we weren't in a hurry, but if we would have been this might have been problematic. I would try this place again, as the food was good. I just might try it at another time of day.
Rating: 5
Text: I loved this restaurant. Wonderful atmosphere. Our server was friendly and helpful. The food was amazing. I will be going back.
Rating: 5
Text: Just went here for the first time with my fiancé and I have to say that I was blown away. Best Italian food I've ever had. Even something as small as grilled zucchini was out of this world. Definitely want to go back and the service was great. I don't know if I can say her name on here, but our sever Michelle was absolutely wonderful. She made us feel so welcome.
Rating: 4
Text: Great atmosphere and food.  This is a great place to take your date as it's low key but a bit upscale all while keeping prices very reasonable.  If you're an authentic Italian food fan, look no further.
Rating: 5
Text: I ordered the baked lasagna for the first time. Because I am not a big fan of marinara,  I didn't really enjoy my meal. However I ate some of my Mom's meal ( the garganzola streak & shrip). And I must say, it was absolutely amazing. The steak was cooked perfect and the tuskin potatoes were the best! One of my favorite parts about Galo's has to be their bread and oil. 

     I do suggest dressing up a bit, because of the atmosphere. This Italian restaurant is also a bit pricey (although I believe it's worth the money). It also has quite good service (never ran out of my drink & waitress returned often)
