Gambino's of Colby
Rating: 4
Text: LOVE their calzones! Prices are decent. Place is clean. Never called in order or asked for delivery so cant comment on that.
Rating: 5
Text: Finaly a place that know how to make a taco pizza and o man it was huge... Thanks gam
Rating: 2
Text: The only reason I'm giving two stars is because I love their wings and food. I normally hate calling because they treat you as an inconvenience to place an order. Today I spent 15 minutes on the phone to place a order. Had to repeat my address 4 times my name 3 times my phone number 4 times. We ordered a large 2 topping pizza wings and a calzone somehow that is worth 40.00 dollars. And after all of that the lady told me it will get there when it gets there and hung up. I love the food and absolutely hate how it's ran.
Rating: 1
Text: Getting tired of when calling in to place an order the past several times they always ask you to hold even after calling back numerous times instead of holding.  That is such an inconvenience and rather not how to run a business if you need revenue.  I've held in the past and was hung up on after a few minutes, waited over 20 minutes before I hung up myself.  We're getting tired of it!  It needs to be ran a lot better as well.  The Gambino's in Goodland is awesome.  The employees and owner are very friendly, more menu options, prices are all listed on the menu and it has a fresh salad bar.  The sandwich I had over there was fantastic.  Maybe we need to start driving over to Goodland for better service.  I've NEVER been asked to hold when we've been over there.
Rating: 4
Text: Love the pizza but I agree with the other reviewer, they are a bit pushy about the paper coupons. You'd think that if they want to step it up and into the 21st century with all the smartphone hype and social media, that they would have a better way of honoring sales. Paper coupons are less and less used. Also, I dislike the random hours, I know they are set hours, but they just aren't convenient. My wife and I have thought of Gambino's many times, only to call or drive by a closed establishment. In any case, we love the pizza! Bring some new catchy marketing, otherwise, with extra pizza establishments on the rise. You may be left in the dust.

