Gates Bar-B-Q
Rating: 5
Text: A must try Kansas City classic! When you walk in, be prepared for the ladies behind the counter to holler at you and get your order... don't expect 5 star customer service. The employees at Gates mean business, and their business is good BBQ! 

Walk in, grab a tray and place your food order. My  menu favorites are their burnt ends sandwich, ribs, and the mix plate to share! They have delicious sides and deserts too! After you wait at the counter for your food, head around the corner to load up on sauce! They offer original Gate's BBQ, hot BBQ, sweet BBQ, and ketchup. Personally, I like to mix the hot and the original for the perfect amount of heat! After enjoying your meal, a busser will come around to clear your table. I always leave Gate's feeling full and satisfied! One of my favorite things about Kansas City!!!
Rating: 4
Text: The atmosphere here is great. It's a nice place to take the whole family out on a special occasion or just a regular Friday night. The service is good and food comes quick. It is good BBQ. Most BBQ places never come close to meeting my expectations, this place does. I'm probably overly harsh when it comes to reviewing BBQ, but it's my favorite food so I have specific tastes. The meat here isn't too dry and the sauce is good. The only reason I took A star off was because it just isn't the best BBQ I've ever had. Definitely great food and worth checking out, but in my opinion is not the best.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food!!! Even better service!!! The hostess , Elaine , made us feel like we were family..Made our first visit to Kansas City a memorable one..I usually judge a BBQ place by how much sauce i get on my shirt, but the food was so good it didnt miss my mouth..
Rating: 3
Text: Gate's is a Kansas City institution, so one has to eat here. The service is friendly and the atmosphere enjoyable. Prices are toward the low end. Unfortunately, that affects the quality of their beef. Still--don't pass up the opportunity to experience Kansas City barbecue at Gates. It is an experience like no other.
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic meats! Had the 4 boner and took some home for breakfast. Staff there were beyond attentive and I look forward to continuing our chat next time. Highly recommended!
