Gaza Korean Grill
Rating: 1
Text: Was not as good as I thought it was. Little to no meat given. Too pricey for its own good. Overall would not comeback. :(
Rating: 1
Text: Way too expensive. For a party of 3, it costed $150.00. And we had to cook our own food. Not very helpful in explaining the menu and costs. Plus the automatic 20%gratitude fee plus tax. Just got suckered here and the service wasn't great or good in fact. My so called Ice water came with no ice and was warm. I wouldn't recommend this place at all. A very sketchy place. This was my first and will be my last time at this place. But I was invited, so I stayed. Beware of the menu and it's penalties of extra costs. If there was negative stars on this rating. It would have received negative -2 stars...I was outrageously shocked when we received our check. I would not recommend this to anyone.
Rating: 4
Text: The Korean BBQ here taste good, but other food is just meh.. somewhat below okay. Staffs are kind.
Rating: 2
Text: I wouldn't have chosen here given the ratings but another in my group was paying, can't say no to that. The food is tasty, good variety, great flavors. I felt we did alright starting out despite tension that we didn't speak Korean. To clear things up - the 18% gratuity is on the unlimited BBQ. That kinda makes sense. But the main reason I cannot recommend Gaza is that the food is the only part of the dining experience arguably worth the high prices. It is probably a decent time for the person who gets a good waiter for lunch. But for our group of 9 spent nearly $300 on the unlimited BBQ (18% gratuity); we only got good food which we cooked ourselves. This defeats the purpose! For the exact same experience I had, I can throw a bunch of overpriced ingredients together on my own grill and listen to my parents mutter how I should be living on my own by now and ask why I'm not married and... you get the idea. Gaza is way too expensive without enough qualities to redeem itself. The interior feels like Goodwill and lacks any proper atmosphere worthy of the price point. I assumed a Mercedes given the price. I did get a great Mercedes engine but the rest was an old beater and my drivers wished they were somewhere else.
Rating: 1
Text: I find some eggshells in the meal. And they give me no explaination! I felt very upset.
