Georgetown Entertainment
Rating: 5
Text: Great place for family fun! They have definitely upgraded the entire interior. There's so much to enjoy now. Can't wait to go again!
Rating: 5
Text: We had our church out today for our pastors anniversary and we had a great time. Outstanding service with a great atmosphere food was wonderful and the games were great
Rating: 1
Text: I had heard only negative thing about this place so I decided to check it out for myself.  The food was ok and the beer was good. I would not recommend  getting shots here because they were awful. The balls were like crazy pins where they only have even numbers and only really small or big finger wholes. The lanes where ok, which I would have expected better for how much they charge you. They only do by the hour, which I personally like to pay by the game especially since they had so much problems with the balls getting stuck which then we had to wait for them to fix it. The worst part was the service. The workers were rub and not helpful at all when we asked questions. We also waited over 2 hours just to get a lane even though they had 5 lanes not being used but they were "reserved" which 3 of them never did get used during our whole time there. Also the workers said it would only be 30 mins and throughout our wait they kept saying "you guys are nexted." On the screen they have for the waiting list our names where number two on the list for over an hour. We also had another group of friends who came in after us without reservations and they got a lane before us. I feel like the workers kept letting families and underage kids (like our friends) get lanes before us because we were drinking in the bar waiting. I even complained to the workers and they did not even appoligize. They just said "we were not expecting it to be this way" and that they did not check the reservation book because most people dont show up for their reservation. Then they hinted towards that we should have planned a head and made reservations. I use to go there all the time when I was a kid and it was never busy, how would I know. It did not even look busy when we werw waiting. If we knew it would be such a long wait we would have left. I will never go there again.
Rating: 5
Text: So glad to have a place like this on this side of town. Solid food...plus bowling and arcade games.  Great fun!
Rating: 2
Text: Took my son and a friend arcade was cool but we wanted to eat. Staff seen us come in and pick a table we waited a bartender mad eye contact but no one else looked or said well be with you in a moment nothing.... Im a server/manager at Georgetown Bandidos so Im understanding but there was no other tables to take care of!!! I used to work at crazy pinz in the dining room after 7 mins we got up and walked past one of the owners wasn't  impressed with service
