Gingerich Dutch Pantry
Rating: 4
Text: We enjoyed the all you can eat lunch buffet.  It was simple food, but very tasty.  The food was fresh even though we were running late for the lunch hour.  It was not a large buffet, basically two choices of soup, two vegies plus mashed potato, and fried chicken and pulled pork as meat selections.  The salad selection was also small but adequate.  We ate from the offered dessert selections, a cookie, brownie, or bar cookie option with soft vanilla ice cream and toppings.  Their pie options looked very tempting.  You also could order off a menu, but we didn't look at it. Service was just adequate, but the place was clean.  I didn't see or use the restroom facility as their is a good public one a block down in the tourist center/city building.  There is a separate side entrance for the bakery which we didn't see until leaving, and didn't go in.
Rating: 5
Text: This buffet is worth it. Homemade everything... The fried chicken, turkey, and beef and noodle are my favorite. Love the homemade bread and jellies. It's good and includes two desserts. Don't blame me if you become an addict. ?
Rating: 3
Text: Used to be a favorite of ours but the last couple times we ate there the buffet didn't have much selection and food wasn't anything to rave about.  Way over priced for what you received.  Very average.  It has changed hands since the good old days when it was true "Mennonite/Amish" foods.  Their bakery at the back of the restaurant (outside entrance) does have good gluten free items as well as tasty breads and cookies.  Recommend the bakery 5-stars on it!
Rating: 5
Text: Really lovely find in this small town. The food tasted home made, with the attention, flavor and even subtle imperfections that make it unique. It tasted like a Sunday dinner after church, family reunion, and grandma's secret recipe, if that makes any sense. I came hungry, left satisfied and happy. We had the buffet.
Rating: 5
Text: Fried Chicken was Perfection, pulled pork tender and full of flavor, Service was A M A Z I N G....Can't wait to come back and visit these precious people again!! (14 in our party) Great Job Gingerich Dutch Pantry!!
