Giovanni's Restaurant & Convention Center
Rating: 2
Text: Wow - what a disappointment. Went to Big Al's last night to celebrate a birthday. From the first wait person to the second (not sure what happened to the first guy...), I felt like we were treated like lepers. The waitress was inattentive to say the least. Waited about 20 minutes for 2 beers- no apology, no nothing to explain the delay. Took a ridiculously long time to get the food. The fries served were fairly cold, lobster roll was not good- in fact gave me a major stomach ache. When  you pay $19.50 for a very small sandwich and some potato chips, you would hope for superior taste and WAY better service. Have been to Alchemy before and had way better service. Big Al's wasn't even busy so there was NO excuse for the poor service! (Big Al's and Alchemy have the same menu). I will say the pizza was good, so I will give them a point for that.
Rating: 1
Text: The music was great. The food was good, but the service was horrible.  The young lady that was our server started out great, but as the night went on she hardly if not at all, come to our table to see what we needed.  Our plates were left at our table after we ate, and our empty glasses were just piling up at our table.  I noticed all she did was talk to the bartender,  a couple at a table close to the bar.  A lot of people had to go to the bar to get their drinks.  We asked twice for our tab, but she didn't come over until about the time the band was quitting or the night.  We didn't want to stay that long.  Don't think we will be coming anytime soon.  Maybe never.  Sorry.  We have been treated better there before, but not this time.
Rating: 5
Text: Was here for a veteran's dinner this past weekend. Great atmosphere, wonderful setup. Allowed for  it to be a great evening.
Rating: 5
Text: Giovannis!! This has to be my favorite place of all time. Definitely check out Alchemy (inside Giovanni's) if you love wine, cocktails, or are looking for a new whisky to try - a great place if you love upscale vibes. Ask for Christian ;)
Rating: 5
Text: As a Professional Wedding Dj, I most certainly enjoy providing services at Giovannis venue. It's very upscale, the staff are very friendly, the food is great at alchemy, and there is always more than enough space for my company to setup audio/video/lighting equipment.
