Giovan's Restaurant & Pizzeria
Rating: 4
Text: Gave a surprise birthday there tonight  for 60 guests when resturant itself was very busy. Food was brought out a little late but we understood. Party went off well. Had to bring in cake which I expected.  Will have another party there if I need to. Regular menu is good also. Great pizza.
Rating: 1
Text: They had a nice fund raiser for sids  but wanted 40.00 cover to attend.  The band playing are friends from school that I grew up with went to say hi to the band members. Another friend works there. And this management reprimanded my friend about me. I was in and out in 5 minutes. After spending my money for food and drinks on the other side. If management is that tight that you have to pay 40.00 dollars for 5 minutes at the end of the night. THEN THEY JUST LOST A CUSTOMER. GOOD LUCK IN THE FUTURE. I WON'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACE  OR SPEND MONEY THERE WON'T EVEN ORDER TO GO FOOD.
Rating: 1
Text: been a customer for awhile.  Ordered a pizza a couple weeks ago. I get it and the cheese is falling off the side and it's all burnt. that was an awful thing to bite into. So i called them and asked if they would replace it and they happily said yes. a week goes bye so I decide to get my pizza. I go to pick it up and they made a size smaller than what I paid for in the first place. I was so angry that the simplest of items could be messed up not once but twice. and they told me that's what they had in their system. I don't care what's in your system especially when I have a picture of the original pizza I ordered proof and they knew it was a 12 in not a 10in you don't pie cut a 12 in pizza only a 10in . pie cutting a 12 in would be a personal prefernce. what happened to the customer is always right? oh and the managers attitude was beyond belief. no responsibility for their actions whatsoever. Will NEVER go back here again nor should anyone. where is the option for no stars.
Rating: 5
Text: Are waitress was so nice and very attentive. Our pizza was so delicious. Great place to go!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Giovans has the best Itallian food in the area.  I'd give it five stars, but the building is very dated and the service is always slow.  If they made a few updates, this place would be super busy because of the amazing food (It is almost empty every time I am here.).
