Go Fish Marina Bar & Grill
Rating: 4
Text: Nice place to go have a bite to eat and have a drink coming off the river from your boat!!! You can even dock there or take your boat off the trailer there! Good staff that is friendly there are some that are not which brings this down to a 4! Also seems they are treating us bikers a little differently then they used to! Also told us we couldn't sit out on the patio with just 3 of us that came on the bikes! So that brought it down to a 4! What kept it at 4 and not lower is when I held a benefit ride they were one of our stops for it and they opened up there place to us and was very prepared!!! There food is really good a little pricey!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Delicious and fun place to stop along the Mississippi.  We had lunch on a Monday so it was fairly quiet but they are very open about the possibility of a wait at busy times.  My pork sandwich and Bob's catfish nuggets would be worth a wait.  Relaxing atmosphere with a great view.  Will definitely return here.
Rating: 3
Text: The food is good and service was outstanding. I gave a 3 stars because the owners always seem to be there and micro manage their staff. I don't think we will be back. I like to go to places where the owners don't treat their staff like children.
Rating: 3
Text: Good burgers 1/2 pounder they don't have Quarter Pounders but the flavor was great had good service and the fries are good too
Rating: 1
Text: My boyfriend and I came in for dinner, sat at a table ten minutes before Menus got given to us. Server (Rachel) took another ten minutes for drinks.. we ordered dinner and literally took 20-25 minutes forcthe entrees to arrive to the table. Only to get a cold plate. I kindly told her how my food was cold, she just snatched my plate out from in front of me without saying a word! No sorry, nothing. Took another 15 minutes for my food that I no longer wanted to come to the table... where was the manager?
Totally unacceptable- 

A huge disappointment. I will not be returning
