Gobbie's Sports Pub & Eatery
Rating: 5
Text: My family and I stopped in for a pizza after spending time at the Galena Country Fair on Sunday. We were very pleased with the service. The pizza was delicious. We definitely will recommend this to everyone!!
Rating: 3
Text: Not a kids place. In all fairness, we didn't eat here. Patio looked great but the guy at the door made it clear he didn't want kids out there (something about the bees being terrible or something, but he just didn't want a family out there who wasn't going to run up the drink tab excessively). You're not a kids place? Fine, no problem, lots aren't in Galena. But don't advertise it as such. Plenty of other places to go. You have kids, keep looking. Dirty Gurtz is a block away, very amenable and much quieter than it looks.
Rating: 4
Text: Okay I like this place and it was the second time I've eaten here. Will I go back again?  Yes I will!  The pizza is one of the best I've ever had. We ordered their deep dish. It was so thick three of us could not eat it all and had to take some of it home. My advice would be to make sure you are hungry if you're going to order a large deep dish pizza. Next time I'll be getting a thinner crust.  Before I go I'd better mention that the pizza comes with a nice big salad for everybody to share and never-ending beer nuggets with dipping sauce.  Anyway not too expensive for what you get. This place is kid friendly and appears to be very popular.
Rating: 1
Text: Tried to stop in here for a beverage, place was pretty busy but even so the service left A LOT to be desired.  Gentleman at the host stand was rude, service at the bar was slow, had to ask numerous times for assistance.  Did stop back to order pizza to go because it was recommended as the "best" choice........ Was WAY over-priced ($26 for a 16" large) and while the others in the group did think the pizzas was "good", my personal opinion was that it was pretty far from even "good".  Sauce left a lot to be desired and the crust was one of the worst I've ever had.
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing food and not badly money wise! The nachos are AMAZING! Highly recommend this restaurant!
