Goldfinch Restaurant
Rating: 2
Text: I was not a fan of this place. The first drink I ordered (a sweet tea and bourbon cocktail) was so bland I sent it back and got a new one. To the establishment's credit, they did comp me a drink which was very considerate. For my entrée I ordered the shrimp with asparagus and crispy vermicelli. It was marginal at best. The plate was heaping with the vermicelli and only had a little dollop of asparagus making it fairly unsatisfying overall.

I think I get the style of cuisine and atmosphere Goldfinch is going for, but they miss the mark in my opinion. There are better places in town to drop $90 on dinner.
Rating: 5
Text: I really enjoyed our meal.  It was the best steak I have had out... or maybe at home too, that I can think of.  I got the ribeye, she got the bone-in chop.  We ate outside, and they had heaters on the patio.  I'm surprised that this place has less than a 4 star rating based on our experience.  Their reviews on Facebook are considerably better -- 4.5 as I type this.  Based on some of the lower rated reviews here on Google, people complain that the food didn't taste that great.  It is possibly something has changed, but our experience was the exact opposite.  We plan to go back in a week, so I will update or review again then.  The sides were very flavorful.  We both got a couple of the most expensive things on the menu, and our bill was around $80 with an 18% tip.
Rating: 2
Text: Atmosphere is nice in the wait staff is friendly but the food was so poor that it did not counter the atmosphere and the service. We had steak as well as linguine and scallops. The only bright spot was the scallops which had some flavor. The noodles were the blandest I have ever tasted and the steak was cooked horribly. Bright spots here we're friendly service and nice atmosphere.
Rating: 1
Text: I am seriously disgusted with the hiring staff. I was hired and then had a serious family emergency where my partner was put the ICU for 5 days. I was told that it was OK for me to take care of her and come back and get started even after I offered to come in a either way. After we got out of the hospital I contacted them again and the scheduling manager was on vacation which was fine I waited until he got off vacation to contact Again. When I did finally reached this dude he told me he was in a meeting and would call me back I was told that positions were filled and I haven't heard anything back. 
Just  out of principal alone i would never support the business actions of these people.
They have had so many chefs quit, and they cannot seem to get their stuff together and i now know why. 
Dont fall for the quaint atmosphere and newly remodeled look. Its all a lie. REALLY GOOD CONCEPT, super poor execution.
EDIT**Just read all these reviews!!! The restaurant NEEDED some help like me ?!
Rating: 3
Text: Food was bland. Nothing special. Way overpriced considering the taste and quality of the food. Atmosphere was nice though and I loved the decorating. Service was also remarkable!
