Golden Harvest Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: Why I love this restaurant: The food. The food. The food. I just wanted to be clear that first, and foremost, the yummy fresh comfort never fails to make me feel “comforted” The tastes are magical,...

But also, the memorabilia, the music, the counter, the people, the cook ??, and the family of people running the place! I feel at home.
Rating: 4
Text: A local favorite. Worth the wait. We go for the ambience, great fun to share with visitors. I will say that if you are the parent of a younger child or have special needs kiddo, you'll want to decline when they steer you toward the stools at the lunch counter, which seems to be a habit I've run into. Its really too bad when they are The ones that would enjoy the record most but can't see it. Small visuals up front and they get restless. I see it happen regularly.
Rating: 3
Text: Super long wait but pretty good food. We got here at 6:40 AM because our friend needed to be somewhere at 8:30 and we needed to be the first ones in the door (it was a Tuesday).  They opened the door five minutes late and took our order at 7:15. By 8 am, we didn't have our food so our friend had to take his food to go. Finally received our food at 8:15, and it didn't all come at the same time (we could see that they cooked all the French toast all at the same time for all the customers). The restaurant wasn't even full to capacity. Not so many vegetarian options and I don't think they had anything vegan (I had the veggie scramble). Overall, not so sure I'll come back, since it took so long. Bit disappointed.
Rating: 5
Text: the only problem is that I cannot give more than 5 stars. this is a golden hidden gem of Lansing and a must visit and eat kinda place. Please be aware that it is a cash only restaurant. Happy eating.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a bit of a wait outside, and there was 7 of us too!   We did  have a few sprinkles on us but we didn't melt!   Lol!  it was well worth the wait!  
Good food!  Nice Hip Atmosphere!   ?  nice big portions ?
