Goodcents Deli Fresh Subs
Rating: 3
Text: Three hours ago, from the time of writing this, I ordered a sandwich. And it just never came.

Well, that's an exaggeration, the first time it came, they delivered the wrong one--which is completely fine, and understandable, it happens. I called back, the person I talked to was more than pleasant, everything's good. 

An hour later, I called back, because the correct order never came. Again, the person I spoke to was wonderful, they said their drivers were out, and it'd be there in a few minutes.

Another hour passes. I called back again, and talked to the owner--who was absolutely lovely--and he told me that it was an error on their end, they'd get one out to me in around ten minutes.

ANOTHER half an hour passes. No sandwich. I called back and asked for a refund, and the owner obliged and was very apologetic, and honestly, how wonderful the people were about all this is the reason this is 3 stars. I wanted to do one, but it just didn't feel right considering how polite everyone was about it.

But he comped me for it, and told me that it was still on its' way regardless. I figured I could stick around for another couple minutes (I ordered it on my lunch break at work, but I had closed the shop up by this point) because, honestly, I'm starving and felt like ... I don't know, he refunded me but that was two hours of my life devoted to a damn sandwich.

So I wait. For half an hour. The sandwich never came. 

The people here seem really nice. But if you want a sandwich, your best bet is just to go in. 

The irony of the entire situation, is I'd actually originally called the OTHER location, and they told me "We're a little short on drivers, if you want it faster, you'd probably better call the Aggieville location."
Rating: 5
Text: Great food, great deals, great service. For more details, read on. 

Thanks to a bank error, I had only ~$1.50 in my account. I hadn't eaten in 3 days while waiting for the error to get fixed, and finally I was too hungry. I went on a Tuesday, for the (amazing) $2 for 4 inch sandwich, and when I got to paying, I started counting out change to cover what my card couldn't. Without a second thought, the manager comp'ed my meal and even gave me an extra 4 inch to take home. I wouldn't have eaten for another 2 days if it hadn't been for these guys (which is when the bank fixed their mistake). 

They have my gratitude and patronage eternally. :)
Rating: 5
Text: The food is fresh and amazing...and the sandwiches are huge for the price. Friendly staff, plenty of seating and they deliver, which makes me SO happy on my days off!
Rating: 5
Text: Affordable and high quality pasta and sandwiches.
Rating: 5
Text: Really like the employees and the manager. Best sandwiches in town and then a sweet cookie for dessert
