Granite City Food and Brewery
Rating: 1
Text: There was plastic in the pork!!!!!  Wadded up and mixed in like it was supposed to be there. One hamburger was ordered medium and came out raw inside.  A bison burger was ordered medium and came out medium- well.  Chicken was hard as a rock.  We had a party of 9 and the food took a long time to arrive, and when it did, it was piecemeal. Two dinners came out, then about 5 minutes later 4 more came out, then several minutes after that, 2 more came out and then 4 minutes after that the final dish arrived.  Many were cold.  One sandwich arrived disassembled with items in their own little dishes.  It was to be grilled per the menu, but came with just bread.  When this was pointed out, the dish was take back to the kitchen to be made right.  When it arrived again, all that was done was putting everything on the bread; totally cold and not grilled.  We were celebrating a birthday.  What a mistake!  The manager and general manager came to our table to apologize.  By the GM's own standards, she wouldn't even eat at this place given the problems.  And, her approach was non-empathetic and insincere (at least that's how it came across). The manager did okay.  Although I had been there once before with outstanding success, we will never go back.  I think the health department should even look into them since they served the plastic and raw hamburger.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I were looking for a new place to eat on our adventures and we went into Granite City Brewery. The staff at the door we're very friendly and said our wait time would be about 15 minutes, we waited about 5. Upon meeting our server Sarah, she had a smile on her face and knew all the beers by heart. She was on top of it even with a packed house, made food suggestions that were needless to say amazing. The food was cooked perfectly, and came out in a timely manner. I can't say enough good about this place! We will most definitely come back in the near future!
Rating: 5
Text: I really love their brunch on Sundays.  So much good food.  Would recommend
Rating: 4
Text: Nice selection of American fare and a pretty good beer and wine list.  Staff is friendly and service is quick.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food, great service, great atmosphere. We hosted our 50+ person rehearsal dinner and it was flawless.
