Grand River Brewery
Rating: 4
Text: Had a wonderful dinner (Saturday night) and wouldn't hesitate to drive the 40 minutes to go again.  The ribs, sweet potato fries and cole slaw (yes, even the quality of the slaw stood out) were all delicious.  Our table enjoyed all our beer varieties.  Our waitress was excellent - attentive, but not overly.  There were several dishes on the menu that looked enticing, making the final selection tough.  Reasonably priced.  Only criticism, music too loud (high ceilings, large interior).  As the evening went on, the room filled up and music was just too noisy.  Will definitely return.  Was an ideal half-way meeting point with friends coming from Marshall and us coming from Ann Arbor.
Rating: 5
Text: I find myself returning to the same light lunch, here. That being the Smoked Trout Chowder. It is one of the best chowders I've ever had, which is high praise as I once lived in Boston. The beers are wonderful, as well. Stop, if you're nearby. Better yet, go out of your way. You won't be disappointed.
Rating: 5
Text: Steven is awesome, not only knows the products but makes them. LOVE the beer system run by untapped. Foods always good (though I didn't get any this time).
Rating: 3
Text: Food was amazing and bloody Mary bar is on point! But Kyle our waiter was not as we expected. You can tell we were just a table to him. Drinks took to long to come out as did food. This place with just a little more will be perfect. Also love the layout and patio seating.
Rating: 2
Text: Had a bad experience. Went with a group of 8-10 team members for lunch. Menu seems a little limited and the food was really oily. But the problem came when they did not give separate checks. I had ordered the least expensive item and had to pay about 5$ more due to splitting. Wasn't too happy with the service either and did not tip too much may be about 7-8%(gratuity was not included). But checked by card, they applied higher tip than I had given. Obviously had it disputed and removed.
