Great Wall
Rating: 4
Text: Typical Chinese takeout, decent food and what you would expect from a Chinese takeout in portion sizes - filled to the brim.  Ordered a small shrimp lo mein, extra spicy, had a little more kick than most places (which is good, normally "extra spicy" had no effect at other places).  Good price, fast service.  Will try again in the future.
Rating: 4
Text: Very good food, great service, price is up there but not ridiculous.  Maybe it's the market, and I don't regret paying what I did, it did turn out to be very good with plenty left over for a midnight snack.  I ordered delivery to a hotel on the desk clerk's recommendation, she didn't have a menu, said it worth looking them up.  It was.  The one star off is just because I've found very good delivery Chinese a bit less other places.  I've also found a lot of bad Chinese delivery in a lot of places, this place blows most away.
Rating: 3
Text: Ordered from here for the first time in over a year, they must've changed management. Odd pricing, we ordered veggies with tofu, they charge per dollar of tofu. I've never heard of that method before it's usually a set price. Also ordered fried tofu and brown rice and received steamed tofu with white rice. Used to really like the place, so we probably will give it another chance.
Rating: 4
Text: I'm a big fan of great Wall. This is where I go exclusively for Chinese. Their staff is great. They are also incredibly fast.. I have never been told that my food would take more than 10 mins and I've never waited. Their egg rolls aren't amazing but the crab ragoon and the egg drop soup are both good. Their lo mein is bomb. Their sauce could be more consistent. I've gotten the broccoli with garlic sauce and sometimes it's perfect when others it's very oily. Ive ordered the triple green had without question before and then ordered it again where they asked me what kind of sauce I wanted (?) And then put the sauce on the side? It was weird. That said, if your order is specific they are gonna give you what you want. I recommend them.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food. Decent prices. Awesome staff! 
