Grizzly Jack’s Grand Bear Resort
Rating: 5
Text: My boyfriend and I stayed here this weekend and could not have asked for a better experience!  Upon arriving the staff was very helpful and friendly. We arrived a few hours before our check in time, but they gave us our waterpark wristbands so we could enjoy the pool while waiting for our room to be ready. Once it was ready, they let us check in two hours early!  Our room was very clean and cozy, no problems with cleanliness or anything. The bed was comfortable and very clean. We had a little trouble getting our hot tub to work, but maintenance was very quick to come help us and it turned out to be a simple button we overlooked, they were very friendly and did not mind helping us at all. The restaurant downstairs was great, very good food and our waitress was super nice. Not one complaint about the place all week. We will definitely be back! And especially shout out to Brittany at the front desk who helped us, she was so sweet :) thank you for a great weekend!
Rating: 2
Text: The place is average. The  water is a bit cold, not enough seating for all guests by the pool and dim lighting. Also older kids were "whipping" a ball across the pool and over heads and no one told them to stop. Bring  your own towels, we waited for 2 hours and did not get any towels(they were being washed)!!!  We eventually left without drying because the towels never came. There is only 1 restaurant  at the premise with average food. Rooms are also dim, not enough lighting,, but clean and a little dated our sofa had a big hole in the arm rest. There are definitely other water parks to consider that are nicer for the same price. The welcome  was the best part  of the stay, I wished  the rest of the place lived up to that customer service.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I were passing through in July and decided to check this place out as a future spot to take our family.  We've already booked our next trip and can't wait to spend family time here.  Our girls range from 7-20, there is something to interest each of them from the petting zoo, mini-golf, indoor water park, arcade, and pottery.  My husband and I enjoyed the outdoor bar, the staff was very welcoming.  We were greeted with a smile by everyone.  We stayed in a Vacation Villa which gives plenty of room and privacy for a family of 5. It was nice to be able to cook meals and the washer and dryer are a bonus, we can go home with clean laundry.  It's a perfect location from Starved Rock.  The Starved Rock parking lot was full, but we could were able to walk across the road to go hiking.  Our family will love to hike there, it's fit for all ages.  From talking with the staff and locals, Grand Bear has come a long way in a few months and is still making plans for improvement.  I have a feeling this will definitely be on our list of favorites once the girls experience it.
Rating: 4
Text: I enjoyed our stay at Grizzly Jacks. After a long day of beautiful hiking it was nice to relax and have some in the indoor water park. It’s a bit small, but family friendly for all ages. The pizza from the restaurant was also good. I would stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: We enjoyed our stay at Grizzley Jacks. We stayed her over  the weekend while we hiked during the day at at starved rock and enjoyed the water park at night here. The reviews we read prior to arriving were iffy however we decided to go with a opened mind and glad we did. The property was clean, the rooms were clean the pool does need some work however the water was clear and refreshing... The prices to eat and the arcade room were all quite affordable. They have activities planned through out the day for you to enjoy. As long as you go with a open mind and don't expect the Ritz Carlton you will enjoy your stay!
