Gun Lake Casino
Rating: 5
Text: I love Gun Lake Casino! The food at Sandhill Cafe is delicious and you can't beat their prices. The Harvest Buffet has everything you want/need from a buffet and everything is fresh. The overall guest service is outstanding and I always feel welcome. Considering the casino is a smoking establishment, it is well ventilated.

Newsflash: If you write a review of a casino based on whether you won or lost, you're not doing it right. If everyone did that, the reviews would be useless. I review the service, the decor, and the overall feeling I have when I'm there. The casino is very well maintained and exceptionally clean. I always feel welcome at this casino and I recommend a visit for anyone feeling lucky!
Rating: 1
Text: Worst casino in the world!!! Machines are so tight!!! No one wins much!! Go to soaring eagle!! You WILL lose here
Update:
Came here again tonight because I took your advise!! Guess what? Lost again!!! You are full of it man!! Your machines suck! Staff was friendly and most helpful I will give you that, top notch!! But still took my money and gave nothing back. You have lost my business sir. Soaring eagle is way better!
Rating: 4
Text: Fun place to grab a drink and gamble. They have a great restaurant and valet parking for extra costs. They have a SMALL Barr that hosts live bands but be early or you won't have a seat or be in the actual bar! Only complaint is BEWARE OF RUDE CUSTOMERS THAT WILL SNAKE YOUR MACHINES AND PLAY 3 OR 4 AT A TIME!! Staff says its not allowed at peak hours but it happens WAY TO FREQUENTLY!!
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We drove from the Detroit metro area that try somewhere different. I'm glad we did. Food was great, prices were fair and didn't do bad on the slots either. The only draw back was that cigarette smoke got worse as the morning went on. Need to double the non smoking area would be nice. See you again soon.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a good spot, esp. since the expansion. The 'feel' there is not my vibe per se, they want it to be like a hot club I think with the new stage 131 and the CHILL bar. Good eats at fine prices, the buffet I believe is above average, but not perhaps worth the price when other lower cost options are available. My buddy did say it was his favorite buffet and many people seem to like it. We go every week (at least once) during the NFL season for the $1 Labatt pints, 50 cent chicken wings and burger deals. They have the best chicken wings there, get the sweet chili.
