Gurty's Burgers
Rating: 2
Text: As much as I want to say that I enjoyed this restaurant, I just can't say it. I'll start with the good, the place itself is very nice. It's modern, it's clean, and the staff was friendly enough. However the prices were VERY high, for a burger that didn't seem like anything special. The burger was underseasoned, and nothing special. Don't let me stop you from trying it, but the prices aren't worth it.
Rating: 4
Text: Food is good, staff is above average friendly for a burger place, price is HIGH!! We went in with the whole family and the foods quality was consistant across the table. It was all good. The staff was very friendly and on top of their work. The place was clean and the booths would seat between 6/8 people comfortably.. I just feel that even when considering all of the pros, that the cost is just unusually high for a visit to a burger joint, and will deter us from visiting as often as we would were we to base it off of the food alone.
Rating: 5
Text: The place was total chaos and was packed but that was to be expected since it's only been only a couple days. Food was amazing. Don't expect to go in and pay fast food prices these are more gourmet burgers. Their burger with mac n cheese on the top and their one with blu cheese and hot sauce was awesome. It can be kind of slow to get your food but I'm sure they will figure that out. Highly recommend. 
Rating: 5
Text: Great burger and very juicy. Cooked perfectly for my taste.  The homemade chips are very good too.  It is definitely worth checking out.  I will be back
Rating: 1
Text: As we walked in it was so smoky we could barely see across the restaurant.  I ordered the Red, White, and Bleu Burger.  The bleu cheese was soured, I asked for a refund (which I got), and was NOT given an apology.  Everything from the Philly Steak to the other single cheeseburger I ordered, to the fries was so salty they were almost unpalatable.  From the prices they ask one would at least like to have home fries instead of frozen fries.  After my complaint the manager was pretty frosty toward us.  Suffice it to say that this was a one and done for us, we'll stick to McDonalds... more bang for your buck.  I'd ask that you consider an alternative to eating at this sub-par, overpriced, smoky, greasy burnt burger joint.
