Guzzardo's Italian Villa
Rating: 4
Text: Great salad bar! Huge portions, reasonable prices. It is BYOB, no corkage fees. Food is a bit bland for my tastes. Huge prime ribs on Saturdays, great meat but again lightly seasoned.
Rating: 5
Text: Our first time going there, and we were not disappointed! It was delicious, reasonably priced, and in a comfortable environment. Service was fairly average, refills had to be asked for before our meal arrived (hot day today, cold drinks were quickly consumed!) 

We will most definitely return in the future!
Rating: 4
Text: My favorite place for date night. The only downside is if you go when they are very busy, it can be quite loud. But the food and service make it worth it.
Rating: 4
Text: The food was great. The service was adequate. The seating was cramped. The reservation didn't do much for the wait to be seated.
Rating: 1
Text: This was my first ordering experience and I'm highly disappointed with everything. I placed an order for a large pizza and a large chicken Alfredo pasta. Upon delivery, I received 2 large pizzas, one of which was a chicken Alfredo pizza. That is not what I asked for. So the driver said he would go back and let them know. While waiting, we decided to eat the correct pizza of the two. After I took a bite from my very first slice I noticed something black cooked in between the cheese. It appeared to have legs. I pulled what looked to be an insect out from inside the cheese. After much inspection we realized it was a spider. Immediately called back and requested a refund and for the food to be retrieved and taken back. The driver, trying to save face, said the pizza boxes were "made in a warehouse so you know.." no I do not know. If a dead spider was dead and hanging on the inside lid of the box, 1. someone should have seen it 2. It wouldn't have been cooked in my damn pizza slice. So please don't try to save face by saying the box came from a warehouse when the spider was clearly cooked within my pizza. That excuse is still poor and unacceptable because why do your pizza boxes have spiders just chillin inside of them. Lesson learned. Will not be ordering again.
