Hammerheads
Rating: 4
Text: It took several minutes to find the host to get on the waiting list, but the long wait was worth it. The food was outstanding as always.We started out with the deep fried mac and cheese balls. I had the smoked baby backs which are the meatiest ribs Ive ever had. The house sauce which is not bbq is incredible. My date had the elk burger that she loved. We had food to take home because the portions were so big.
Rating: 2
Text: Food amazing but hostess made us feel like we were putting her out... None of the staff looked happy..
The place was packed so they they should have been happy about Job security!  Did find a great bar just down the street :)
Rating: 1
Text: The attitude walking in the door was lacking. Wait outside, the greeter barked. The tattooed bartender acted like he was doing me a favour when after fifteen minutes he finally got around to taking our bar order. We were all joking about his lackadaisical treatment while waiting to be seated.
Ordered mac and cheese balls, they were served cold, but the pork belly slider and tacos and half rack of ribs stood up.  Again our request for a second round of beer got lost in the shuffle.
Sadly, Hammerheads has changed.  There is no sense of urgency among those who served us, it was more like they were deliberately complacant. Found every thing lacking, a sorry way to spend $100.00++.
We have eaten here many times, enjoyed great food and amazing service....until now.
Disappointed Canadians
Rating: 5
Text: Creative dishes prepared well, with a dash of style. Located under a house on a small street we weren’t sure what to expect. The place was jammed on a Wednesday night, a good sign, but the did find room for us. It’s tightly packed with tables, a little stuffy, and loud... but in a good way. A neighborly way. 

We had crab cake sandwich on pretzel roll, smoked mac&cheese, salad, fries, and a juicy serving of lamb ribs, shared all around. Well, I didn’t share the crab cake, but otherwise our group was well mannered.  Good draft beers had the room buzzing with conversation and we felt no rush to “turn the table.” 

Our waitress was a champ and the kitchen on-game. I’m discovering Louisville has an abundance of restaurant talent, or maybe it’s just the dearth of decent eateries at home in DFW.
Rating: 5
Text: Chicken and waffles are freaking amazing. Beer selection excellent. Truffle fries aromatic but not overboard. Will come here again.
