Happy Joe's Pizza - Moline 16th St.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband is from East Moline. We actually live in Boone NC. We come up to visit family and this is the first and last place we come to. ABSOLUTELY 100% THE BEST PIZZA EVER. Not to heavy, not to light, sauce goes all the way to the back end of the crust, and the TACO PIZZA IS THE BEST EVER. This location has The Best Pizza compared to other Happy Joe's Location. I love the sausage pizza which is so delicious. It's not spicy though offers just enough. A++  I love happy Joe's... Pam and Dan Moore
Boone Nc
Rating: 1
Text: If I could  give zero stars I would. I showed up there was three employees, no other customers and I had 2 hungry kids, no one greeted us, all three girls just kept looking at us but no service, no offer for drinks or anything. We left after five minutes of not being acknowledged. And we were very disappointed but not surprised that the store was completely empty.
Rating: 5
Text: Que the trumpets and time to loosen my belt! Lets be honest, this is the home of the one, the only, the often imitated, never truly duplicated, taco pizza. Happy Joes is a QC staple that is worth an hours drive to get to. 

I have eaten at this location on and off since 1996! And no matter what, it consistently performs up to standards. This may be a franchise, but its one small enough where its not nationwide, or lost its sole. The owner of this one and a few others , Mr. Henning, has kept the place up to standards, which keeps me coming back to this location after 20 years whenever I am in town. 

The dining area is compact, but always clean and clear, and ready to eat in. There isn't a lot in the front area to distract you from eating your food and getting on your way. Which is nice if you didn't schlep the kids with you. Bathrooms are consistently clean as well. Kitchen area always appears clean and organized whenever I reach he counter. 

The food as always is piping hot, and prepared to order. I have never had a bad order from this location in 20 years. They always maintain the same high standards, which is something I like about the company as a whole. Overall, I am breaking my normal rules about chains and giving this one four stars.
Rating: 4
Text: Good old happy Joes place. One of the originals.
Rating: 5
Text: I love family night special!!!
Large pizza and pop 20 bucks.
When you come in order my favorite nacho Joe pizza.
