Happy Valley Chinese Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent! Much more authentic then other places. Much better selection of dishes. We have been working our way through the menu and all have been delicious and not the same boring Americanized dishes as other places.  So glad they are in Manhattan!!
Rating: 2
Text: This place used to be fantastic when it was in aggieville. However the quality has gone downhill fast once they opened the new restaurant. Prices have shot up, they are now bizarrely charging extra for rice for all orders (even though It clearly states it's included), they charged me a dollar for a little extra garlic sauce, and to top it off the crab rangoons now have zero crab in them. They are literally just cream cheese in a wrapper. These are not good signs that this business is flourishing. These are typically the things businesses do to cut corners right before going under, which is sad because I love the food :(
Rating: 5
Text: Best place for cuisines from Northern China. Handmade dumpling, handmade noodles, noodle patches (flat noodles), pot-stickers,  and dim sum from northern part of China, and a variety of delicately prepared authentic Chinese food. Their cooking style is not the same as the most Americanized Chinese restaurant in town. So, expect the authentic northern Chinese culinary dishes, enjoy them and expecting something unexpected.  If you like real Chinese Spicy Hotpot. This is only place in town you can get them. Suggest you start with dual broth pot (spicy and non-spicy broth in one divided pot) so you can try your tolerance to real spicy food. Also, check out their bulletin boards for weekly specials and new dishes. Their hand tossed North-Eastern style salad is a must dish for every meal. Dry braised Crawfish and braised ham hocks are also two unique dishes you cannot get elsewhere! I am a regular there so tried most of their specials already. Check out the food pictures I uploaded.
Rating: 1
Text: I hope I throw up soon, so I can get this food out of my belly.  Food was awful, crab Rangoon has no flavor.  $20.00 for one order of chicken, rice and crab.  Barf!
Rating: 5
Text: My favorite is the house salad.  It's perfect and refreshing in the Kansas heat.
