Hard Rock Cafe
Rating: 1
Text: Went to the Hard Rock Cafe at union station and it was awful. The server was friendly and we had decent service but the food was disgusting. We went around 330 on a Saturday afternoon. Just stopped in to get some appetizers. We ordered the nachos and the hot wings. I NEVER complain at restaurants but these wings were cold, chewy and tough. Basically hotwing beef jerky! The nachos had minimal amount of cheese. We paid extra for the chicken on the nachos and that was used Sparingly as well. The Pepsi was good. Ya can't really mess up the Pepsi too bad. Overall gross experience.
Rating: 4
Text: This place was awesome! Highly recommend it! This was our first time at this location and it was well worth the drive! Everyone that we came into contact with that worked there was very nice and kind. We chose to sit outside and I'm glad we did because they had an awesome fire/music/lights show on the water behind the restaurant! The food was great, the drinks were strong (but good) and the collectibles hanging on the walls were so cool! This place is a great place to go and bring the family or to go as date night! If I'm ever in St. Louis again, I'll definelty be back!
Rating: 2
Text: The service was quite slow though they did apologize. There were too many tables in the raised area of the restaurant and the waitstaff had a hard time handing out dishes and manuvering, some spills happened. My husband and I split nachos (paid $5 extra for steak on them and there was hardly any steak) and at least half the tortilla chips were dry, very few toppings to make it enjoyable. I've enjoyed Hard Rock Cafes while traveling and have even collected some of their souvenirs over the years but I've noticed a significant decline in quality of food. 

Positive note - the guitar shaped plates for the kids meals with the little dipping trays at the frets are cute. 
Rating: 1
Text: Pretty sure I got food poisoning from my lunch here today.  The burger tasted great but the last French fry tasted heavily of mold.  I swallowed it before I realized the moldy taste.  Have had diarrhea for the last 3 hours.  And the place did smell like a grease trap.
Rating: 1
Text: The table that time forgot: we were seated and had gotten drinks in the time that the party before ours (twice our size) got everything, ate, and left. Dining area was sticky and filthy. Food arrived cold after both attempts; the burger was so raw it was still mooing. Management didn't take responsibility for their mistakes and expected me to pay full price. They wouldn't let me go until it was paid. Complete waste of my time. Do yourself and your wallet a favor and dine anywhere else in town. Seriously. A diner will give you better service and food at a better price than this hack establishment. Avoid!
