Harry's
Rating: 5
Text: An upscale venue with the feel. The food and drinks were second to none. The staff were very helpful and entertained all our questions without hesitation. We plan on being regulars here.
Rating: 5
Text: Snuck out without the kids for a quick bite.  The waiters and servers are always polite and knowledgeable, I love how they bring the dessert tray to the table to tempt you (always works on me). They even have a wine specialist, Christina, that will help you pair a wine to your meal or just give you a recommendation.
Rating: 5
Text: Celebrated my husband's 40th birthday at Harry's! First let me say that the service we received was exceptional. Riley took great care of us from start to finish.  We started with oysters and crab cakes.... delicious! Continued with the salmon and the pan seared chicken... delicious! Afterwards we were pleasantly surprised with a delicious dessert..
Have I said delicious enough?
The ambiance was just right. We were able to enjoy our food without feeling rushed. It was a beautiful evening. We will definitely be returning.
Rating: 3
Text: Have gone to Harry's over the years thru different owners and variations on the name. Bar,group basement area,dining area. Bathrooms downstairs makes it hard for wheelchairs and walkers.
No breakfast menu,lunch and dinners available. Bar area open,serving beer,wine,coffee,soft drinks,tea. Lunches mainly soup,salads and sandwiches. Some meals available.  Reservations highly recommended for dinner of soup,with beef,fish,chicken or pork.Choice of potato and vegetables.  Coffee and other beverages available. Desserts on menu.
At Harry's seating is available by the front windows overlooking historic Poyntz Avenue and the Riley County Courthouse. 
Parking avaible on the street or behind the building. 
This place is pricey. We have gone there mainly for special occasions like anniversaries or KSU graduations.
Rating: 5
Text: We had an amazing experiene! The service and atmosphere at Harry's is always spot on. We live in Kansas City and are always amazed at this hidden gem. Thank you for allowing us to celebrate our wedding anniversary at Harry's.
