Hays House
Rating: 3
Text: We will drive an hour and a half for prime rib, but this was not worth driving 45 minutes again.  The building was cozy and comfortable and upon entering we were asked if we had reservations, which we did not.  Not a concern as the dining area was less than half full. Waitress arrived and informed us of the dinner buffet and took our order.  All 4 of us had the prime rib and were instructed to help ourselves to the salad bar.  That was a nice alternative to having a salad pre-made  and having items you do not want in it. Salad bar was small and lacked general items...bacon bits, croutons, etc.  Salad bar had forks but had to ask for silverware and napkins at the table because they were not there when we sat down. The waitress brought out our drinks and some bread, and dinner arrived at a good time after we had finished eating salad. The waitress stated that she would bring out more drinks for us and proceeded to ignore us throughout dinner and we finally received our refills, which we had to ask for, at the time we received our bill. We attempted to get her attention throughout dinner so we could have our drinks refilled but she walked around us and never came back to check on us.  The prime rib was good but not great as it lacked flavor and was cooked to a doneness more than what we had ordered. Rare came out closer to medium and medium was closer to well done.  The price of dinner was also a bit higher than other places with better prime rib.
Rating: 2
Text: Used to be my favorite stop when riding the Flint Hills Nature Trail, but they changed things up and stopped serving the blue cheese burger with onion straws and instead now only have the more expensive (and excessive) dinner menu in the afternoons. Opted for the buffet. For $14, I had dry, gross ham and a lukewarm side. Will be exploring other dining options next time I come to town.
Rating: 5
Text: Classy and indoor and outdoor spaces.   Lots of history and knowledgeable staff.  Daniel Boones grandson built this place.
Rating: 5
Text: We took the scenic route from Wichita.  They do have exceptional chicken. Had the apple-raisin cream pie, and it was delicious. Try the broccoli stem pickle things on the salad bar. You won't be sorry.
Rating: 5
Text: The food was amazing! Really wanted to try the pie but it was flying out of the kitchen. Can't wait to go back
