Heidelberg Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: Great Happy Hour food and prices!  Staff is ALWAYS friendly and owners are always on site...A must is the Marty's wings and potato skins (loaded of course).  Plenty of local brews and can entertain any size groups for special functions!
Rating: 3
Text: The food was great but our waitress not so much. Never introduced herself, didn't check on us after we got our food, never asked if we needed/wanted refills on our drinks and shorted us when she brought back our change. She was too busy talking to friends and ignored all her tables, not just us.
Rating: 1
Text: I went with my boyfriend on a slow Tuesday night, and when we walked in, there were 5 people in the whole establishment, with one man sitting at the bar. We walked up to the bar and waited for 10+ minutes without being helped. Waiters walked by and looked at us, and no one offered any help. The guy next to us said, "there were like 4 people standing here a second ago, this is weird". So I went over to the kitchen to see all of the workers hanging out and talking/texting. I yelled into the kitchen to ask for help and walked back to the bar. We waited 5 more minutes without getting help when we saw a worker leave the kitchen, throw something away, look at us, then went BACK INTO THE KITCHEN. After this we just decided to leave. This was the worst customer service I've ever experienced, and that's saying something about a college bar. Yikes.
Rating: 2
Text: Awful. There are lots of choices downtown my friends, so keep driving. Every single item served is frozen and then fried. I had the Frisco Melt and it was appallingly bad. They don't even have the decency to grill me a fresh burger. The cheese was garbage and the the sourdough was barely toasted. If it weren't for its prime location, this place would have been out of business years ago. Go to Booches. Go to Shakespeare's. Go to CHIPOTLE. Anywhere but here. 
Rating: 2
Text: Basic pub with deep fried foods. Nothing special. I asked for sweet potato fries which cost extra rather than regular fries and never received the correct fries but then was charged for it.
