Hereford House
Rating: 5
Text: Some of the most delicious creations by Chef Gilbert!! I love attending the wine and beer dinners here, Mike and Angie are the best!! They always make me feel special, love dining here, food is outstanding.
Rating: 3
Text: Surprised that the building is showing wear and needs some maintenance.  Food was for a wedding so it was mass produced.. In our group of 8 we had Chicken that was left on the plate half uneaten flavorless and rubbery, Salmon was excellent properly cooked and seasoned well.  Steak medallions were good, one was very rare, but the others were cooked well and tasty.
Rating: 2
Text: I live in Andover and have frequented the Hereford House several times. This Friday, my wife and I celebrated our anniversary there. As always the meal was absolutely fantastic. If you want good steak there is nothing in the ICT area that compares. I give two stars because when we went to pay I was informed that they could not immediately process credit cards because they had done a software update for the new menu and they were rebooting the system. Restaurant was full by the way. Our waiter checked back with us a few times to give us an update and that they are still working on the problem and that they have called tech support. Still could not process our bill. After nearly 30 minutes he comes back with my card and informs me that we will have to pay cash and that there is an ATM I could use. Seriously??? How is this my problem? I understand that this was not him. Someone in their infinite wisdom decided to do a software update, on a Friday evening during the dinner rush. I blame management for this poor decision. As it turned out I had just barely enough cash to cover a $100 tab, but unfortunately was not able to provide the full 25% tip I usually leave. My other issue is that when these types of things happen (no fault of the waiter) it is simply not enough to hear his apology. We should of got a visit from the manager explaining the problem, provide his apology and give him the opportunity to make it right. That did not happen. It will be sometime before I patronize the Hereford House again.
Rating: 5
Text: I have held big events here and they have always had excellent service and great food. I frequent it often with clients for lunch and dinner with friends. The atmosphere is nice and the service and food have never let me down.
Rating: 2
Text: Pleasant service, Manager was attentive the view of the grounds was good however all of that does not make up for the mediocre food and drinks.
The price was also higher than advertised.
Go somewhere else.


