Hibachi Grill and Buffet
Rating: 5
Text: This is one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.  The service is fantastic, and so is the food!   The clams are my personal favorite.   The awesome staff members made me a special B-day cake with little bunnies made of grapes, strawberries and oranges crafted into flowers.  And whoever thinks this place is bad, the reason I have provided:YOU DESERVED IT BECAUSE OF YOUR BADDD ATTITUDE
Rating: 1
Text: I have never given a one star review before.  Everything seemed nice when I sat down I asked the hostess to put me in a quiet area so I could read. Not five minutes later did she also set a table with with four infants and Toddlers. There were at least $16 tables around the area that she could have sat them at.  I saw my server twice once to pick up one plate and then to drop off the bill never to be seen again. The food is the typical buffet style food.  My only problem with it is that it it was cold by the time I actually return to my seat to sit down and eat it, some of it did not taste as it should. There are signs at every table it says please pay your server well I got tired of waiting so I went up in front I was going to voice my concerns to the cashier but she was on her phone in a hurry to leave saying I'll be back in 1 minute then she told the hostess to collect my money but not to touch the register or run a credit card so luckily I had enough cash not a big deal but it for poor service.  You got your own rest the food is iffy some of it did taste bad and the service is even worse
Rating: 5
Text: Great restaurant. You can't beat the price. The sea food options are phenomenal in the price range. I had been to this restaurant several times never had any food digestion problem. During the special events like mother's day or father's day watch out for endless crab . Again you can't beat the food quality in that price range.
Rating: 2
Text: The food is still delicious; however, the waitresses are not the way they used to be (say to 3 years ago)!! My husband just found out that the stir fry cook is no longer getting the tips from the tip jar. The owner is taking all those tips!!!
That is utterly pathetic ????
Rating: 3
Text: Food was good in recent visit on October 4th 2017, but me and my female friend were both sexually harassed by the grill cooks even after our accompanied males confronted both of the cooks announcing to stop the harassment. 

I love me some sexual harassment with my lunch...not really.
