Hidden Dragon
Rating: 3
Text: Good food.  Always order to go, never a soul in the place!
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent Chinese food
Rating: 1
Text: try somewhere else
Rating: 3
Text: Normally I don't go to Chinese restaurants because they play havoc with my plumbing. In Norton, however, there isn't much in the way of eating establishments. If you stay there for a week and eat somewhere different for each meal, you'll be repeating yourself by the third day.

Anyway, Hidden Dragon is on 283 (State St) right in the center of town next to the Dollar General which is next to the only bar in town (that I know of). I saw it each day as I drove to and from my client and I had run out of other places to eat so I stopped in one night.

The restaurant was brightly lit with seating for probably 100, but only one person was in there and he was finishing up. The server was quick bringing up a menu and getting my drink order. I ordered the sesame chicken and it was brought to me in about five minutes or so. I did have to get up and get my own chopsticks as the server had retreated to a table on the other side of the cashier's station.

So anyway, the food came out in five minutes. My first thought was "Wow, that was fast" since other places in town take so long (I'm looking at you, Adventures). Then I was all like, "Dang, there is a LOT of food on that plate!" which was accompanied by a giant bowl of steamed rice. I really tried hard to power through lot of it but it just wasn't possible. I could have split that meal with someone and we'd still have food left over. It was very good, nice and hot, and well presented. I was actually pleased with a meal for once in this town instead of merely satisfied.

When I was done I fiddled around for a while waiting for the server to notice. Unfortunately he didn't realize I was finished since he was once again in his hiding place. Oh well. I got up and asked him for a to-go box which was promptly brought out. 

A very positive thing about this place is that their food did not tear up my guts like all the other Chinese restaurants I've patronized. A negative note is the abandonment towards the end of my meal. I mean seriously, I was the ONLY PERSON IN THERE. Meh. They lose a star for the follow up service. The food was good though.

Bottom line, if you're in town for a week and you are bored of the other two restaurants in town, head over to Hidden Dragon. You'll stuff yourself silly in no time.
Rating: 3
Text: New management, wish the old was back.still it ok.
