Hidden Lake Winery & Banquet Center
Rating: 5
Text: Had a wonderful experience staying here.  What a treasure this place is to our area. The food is delicious.  Truly gourmet but kid friendly options too??. The property is Beautiful!! The decor and location stunning.  They bring in music entertainers for your enjoyment.  The staff are very catering to your needs and they have been there for years.  They go the extra mile.  They are under New Ownership and they are onsite most of the time and very personable.  They really want you to feel like this is your place to get away and enjoy.  Of course the wines are very good as well!  The cabins are beautiful and perfect for a getaway.  I spent 4 days/nights here and felt like I had my own place to wander the grounds and just enjoy.  It is secluded but so worth the trip for a few hours, an enjoyable meal and/or a getaway.  They have many activities and functions scheduled.  I will be returning in the fall to stay again.  I imagine it will be just stunning!!!
Rating: 2
Text: Wine is ok. Over priced though. Food was decent when you can get hot. Doesn't always happen there. The food is also over priced. Came here for a special event where they were "roasting" a hog. I can tell you that the hog that they served, they did not roast. It wasn't bad but they were charging $13.95 for a pulled pork sandwich. Who does that???? It's not like they piled on the meat either. The fries were cold. We were served nachos with cold cheese and cold pork. Asked for a new plate that never showed. Very disappointed. I will never eat there again.
Rating: 4
Text: I came here for a rehearsal, wedding, and reception.   We also stayed over night in one of the cabins.   The wine tasting bar has quick service and the staff is friendly.   The setting outside for the wedding was gorgeous, the ballroom inside was as well.  The bartender for the reception wasn't alwaits available was the big down side.   

The cabins are cozy, although pretty cold inside.   There is a futon in addition to the bed, and we comfortably had 4 adults use the cabin.  Rental includes a bottle of wine and a few breakfast type snacks and drinks.  The cabin also has a jacuzzi, and small kitchenette.  Our cabin was not handicap accessible.
Rating: 1
Text: Went on Friday, July 1, 2016.  Sitting outside the view was amazing.  The singer was also very good.  The wine was ok, nothing exciting and the food was was worse I have ever eaten.  We got there at 7:00 pm and they were out of pizza dough. The other bar type food was disgusting!
Rating: 3
Text: Food, good.  Wine, good.  Staff, good.  Cabins, poor.  Our door didn't lock, no tv & room had an odor.  Also, black mold on ceiling in the bathroom.  We complained about the tv & door & we're giving a free bottle of wine.  Didn't see the black mold on the bathroom ceiling until the next morning, while taking my shower.  I see other reviews on Facebook.  Lots of similar complaints for months.  The cabins much definitely in need of tlc.
