Hilton Lexington/Downtown
Rating: 5
Text: Super friendly staff very clean rooms. I absolutely loved the fact that it was very quiet. The staff were so helpful they even helped me plan a night out with friends. We had a blast and we will definitely be back to stay. In fact I already have my next trip planed and can't wait to have all my friends stay with me. I will be telling all my friends and family about how wonderful my stay was.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome, would stay again. 2 restaurants, swimming pool, workout area. Very pretty high end jewelry store. Very friendly staff, including the house keeping and the staff in the parking garage. Cons would be there was not a microwave or mini fridge in the room,as we were there 4 nights and would have been helpful for snacks and the ice cream they sold in their snack area, which was an excellent brand of local made ice cream. Blackberry buttermilk flavor, excellent.      Another idea would be to have hot coffee and cream,and sugar 24 hours available, as it is set out and runs out quickly. (Not enough in the room) Was on the 13th floor and enjoyed the view of the square and the water fountains,as well as the far off sights,esp at night. (I sat on the window sill) Sorry for all the rambling, just enjoyed the stay so much, I could enjoy living there ! Hope to see you again Lexington! Your friends from Georgia USA!!
Rating: 2
Text: Shower didn't drain as I had to wedge a pen under it to lift so water could escape, toilet didn't flush right as I had to hold the handle down for a minute so it could flush. Nice lobby and conference room. Check in desk was very friendly. Oh ya and HBO didn't work in my room. Just  not a quality stay. In fact the towels were just kind of rolled up and shoved under my sink instead of nicely rolled and placed. I know I'm being particular but just being honest.
Rating: 1
Text: We arrived at the hotel at 3:00 pm on a Saturday and were told that we couldn't check in till 4 because a football team was staying there. We were in town for the game and a company event. We had to go to those events so we couldn’t check in till after midnight. When we finally got checked in, all we wanted to do was get some rest. When we got up to our room, it had a musty smell and looked like it hadn’t been cleaned. We paid a premium for this hotel because it was supposed to be nice. We were extremely disappointed. Won’t be staying at this hotel next year.
Rating: 1
Text: Awful experience.  Checked in with reservations for 3 rooms for 3 adults.  Upon arriving, was told they don't have rooms available after having confirmation 3 weeks prior to arrival.  Front desk worked to find rooms and assured us it was corrected.  Upon getting to the rooms we found two of us would have to share a bed as two of the three rooms were actually a joint room with an living room setting with just a sofa in one room and 1 king bed in the other.  Back to the front desk, finally they assured me that the issue was solved and they found me a room.....just got to my room and it is a smoking room.  All this after booking all non smoking.  Got tired of fighting as it is now 1am and I lay here in a room smelling like smoke prior to a business meeting at 8am in the morning.   Awful experience, especially as a Hilton Diamond member.
