Hiro 88 Haymarket
Rating: 2
Text: I never write bad reviews, but I probably won't come back after all of the lukewarm experiences I've had here. The staff is too indifferent for my liking. My waiter overcharged me tonight and wouldn't fix it when I pointed it out. I also mentioned it to the hostess to tell a manager and she just had this "yeah, whatever" attitude about it. The girl our waiter was training was great and better than all of the experienced employees. She's the only reason I left a semi-good tip. The sushi isn't the best in town by any means and the service is so hit and miss. Such a nice atmosphere, though. I hate writing this, but if it saves someone a bad dining experience, oh well...
Rating: 4
Text: Hiro 88 is my go-to place for sushi here in Lincoln, NE. Before Hiro 88 came to Lincoln, my friends and I would drive to Omaha, NE whenever we were craving sushi. So glad we do not have to drive that far anymore! 

This review is based on my last experience here. The service was very good for being how busy it was (since on Sundays it is all day happy hour). My water glass was never empty and our server was very attentive to our table. Our food did take awhile to come out, but our server came to our table to apologize for the wait so that it did not seem like we were forgotten. I really like the atmosphere of the place, except for the fact that the tables are situated pretty close together and you can sometimes hear the conversation that the table right next to you is having. They also have outdoor seating for nicer days which I also like. 

The food was tasty, we ordered the spicy garlic edamame, the las vegas, unagi, and spicy salmon rolls which are all on the happy hour menu. For the entrees, we ordered the mongolian chicken and the crispy garlic beef that came with rice and either a soup or salad. I prefer the salad with the sesame dressing over the sweet and sour soup. Prices for the entrees are a bit on the high end, but we had a Groupon so that helped with the bill. The happy hour items are fairly priced, and the happy hour menu is extensive so you have a great selection to choose from. You can also order takeout from the happy hour menu so that is a big plus!
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent service and atmosphere. Great Sunday Sushi specials!
Rating: 5
Text: They have that modern touch and the servers are really good. They know about there thing.
Rating: 5
Text: Good sushi, spicy edamame, and happy hour all Sunday long. Recomended!
