Hollywood Blvd Cinema
Rating: 3
Text: Hollywood is nice! Food is pretty good, the whole concept is nice. Parking can be a pain, though they have valet. You'll have to walk a bit, circle for closer parking or drop someone off and just own up to a far park. I think Hollywood is definitely more a grown up and couple place.  You can take kids, but it's better to go as a couple. Full bar, more older crowd minded. Seating is ok, and it can noisy but I'd say go at least twice to see for yourself.
Rating: 1
Text: Uncomfortable offfice chairs, food isn’t good. Wendy’s taste better! Movie was loud and rude customer service
Rating: 4
Text: I find each little theater very interesting. The wait staff is always very polite and prompt. Chairs are pretty comfy and spacious ....gives you a little bit of room to move around. Food isn't too bad considering it's made for a mass amounts of people in a little place.
Rating: 3
Text: I still like going there because it's very close, the tickets are cheap, and they have a cool atmosphere. The food used to be so much better though!  It has been slowly going downhill since the owners have changed and now we pretty much always eat before we go, or only order a few things on the menu that are still somewhat decent. I also enjoyed the theater a lot more when they only allowed kids for actual kids movies and only matinees. Now you can go see a rated R movie at 10 pm on a weeknight and see tons of kids there, or people bringing crying babies, which is happening more frequently.  When it was adults only at night it was a much better experience. 
Rating: 1
Text: This place is absolutely horrible when it comes to customer service. I have been patronizing this place for a while and today when I go there I encountered very rude waitstaff and assistant manager. Upon talking to the asst. manager to complain about the waitstaff, we were told point blank that he would not do that or he did this, without even witnessing this. So I'm guessing customers are no longer valued at this place. Not only were they rude they prejudged us based on past history with other customers by repeating "well you have to understand people have done that before".  Well I'm not other people and I DO NOT understand being treated rudely especially when I'm spending my money. The food is not that great although I've tolerated it in the past for the sake of hanging out with family. I will definitely be writing a letter to their corporate office. Hollywood theatre will no longer get any of my business. I will Not patronize a place that do not value people, those who keep their business running!!!
