Hollywood Palms Cinema
Rating: 4
Text: I came here with a couple of good ol pals to enjoy a movie. the server was very nice and helpful. as for the food, my order did take some time to come in. Although I Wouldn't blame the chefs for having to cook so much. My fries came in cold and stale, the main course was fine. other than that its a nice experience and would probably just get some classic popcorn and a ice cold refreshing coke™
Rating: 2
Text: We usually go to Hollywood palms for most of our movies and before the service was great and so was the food. We usually loved almost any drink or food item we ordered.
I don't know what changes they have made but the last 4 times we have been greater with sub par food and service. This last time even failing to provide an adequate coffee.
We love that they have changed the appearance and chairs but would like it if they had kept some of the charm.
Rating: 5
Text: Haven't been to this cinema for at least a year.  Very happy we visited last night!  They have new fully reclining comfy chairs with trays across your lap and drink holders!  Experience was so much better with this new addition.  New and improved menue, food was fresh and delicious!  Priced appropriately for size of portions, which were filling!  Service was wonderful!  Highly recommend.  Side note:  refills of popcorn cost a dollar and no to go cups available for left over drink.  Enjoy!
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely love this place!!! Me and my boyfriend discovered this theater because we didn't want to go to studio movie grill in Wheaton anymore (that place sucks) and we are in love with it. Food selection and quality is awesome, great servers, the reclining chairs are fantastic, and the ambiance is beautiful. I love all the trees and waterfall in the lobby and how each theater is themed with different movie types. Plus they give awesome discounts and free movies to military, police, firefighters, and ems!(my boyfriend is a deputy). It's very nice to have a business really appreciate our first responders!   Overall, this is a great theater and we are going here for all movies we see in the future!!
Rating: 5
Text: THE place to watch a movie in style. Love the reclining seats. Not at all uncomfortable like so many other theaters.
