Hollywood Casino Toledo
Rating: 5
Text: I felt the casino was perfect -more lower key....with excellent entertainment!!
Affordable tables, immediate seating at poker.
And the staff was very nice and friendly.
I immediately felt comfortable there and not overwhelmed.
The buffet was crazy good.
Easy in an easy out access.
Restrooms were particularly clean.
Rating: 5
Text: For the area this is a great place to spend the evening with friends. Lots of gaming choices plenty of slots and several nice bars/restaurants to choose from. On the weekends there is usually some sort of entertainment which is usually pretty good. Parking is easy and convenient in the attached parking garage and it’s free
Rating: 5
Text: Giving Final Cut 5 Stars. Impeccable quality and service. Can't say enough about it. Worth every penny. The casino is going downhill in a hurry. The slots are so tight anymore it isn't funny. Before, tou could go in with $50 and play for an hour or two and get some play on the slots. Maybe even win a little. Not anymore.  Especially if there is something going on. The comps are terrible too. I used to get all kinds of free stuff to keep me going in. Not anymore.  I would give the casino part 2.5 stars at the most now. The floors are cracked, it's not kept as clean as it used to be. Very disappointing anymore.
Rating: 1
Text: For 15.99 you are better off going ANYWHERE  else. I tried almost everything and a lot of it was one bite and done, I didn't finish one helping of anything. If they can't manage making a full buffet taste good, maybe scale down the menu to make a few things edible. I was hopeful, but I will never be back. The only redeeming quality was that our server was nice...
Rating: 5
Text: We were staying in town for a convention for the weekend, we are from Detroit. Hollywood casino was BEaUTIful!! Everything was clean and the smoking was kept outside!! We mainly played slots, which they didn't pay out too much, but it's a gamble one takes! Great experience!!
