Home Run Inn
Rating: 1
Text: So saturday which was 10/21/2017 I called home run inn on 31st to inform them that i would be having a party of at least 10 people maybe a little more. The worker said that everything is based off a first come first served so I would basically have to wait in like like everyone else. I then arrived at the store 2 hours after I called and told the rep that I would need seats for 13 she then was ready to seat me at 3:08 with only 4people out of my party present. I told her I had some table decorations and needed to run back to my car. When I came back in I was directed to sit down on the bench and wait for 3/4th of my party to be in attendance to be seated. Finally at about 3:35 the rest of my party stared to show up that’s when she decided to seat me as soon as I touched the stair to be seated I was told “WE CAN NO LONGER SEAT YOU” you have to leave. I totally understand that you guys had a basement flood but considering the fact that I waited already for a decent amount of time after being miss led I think I should of been told sooner than when I was told. They knew way before 3:36 that it was issues and they would have to close because when i first arrived I over heard a customer saying that the soda tasted funny. I then asked to speak to a manager whom seemed as if she didn’t care. Saturday was a big day for me i spent 160 dollars to have snap chat filters made for this location for my kids birthdays. Considering the fact the manager was so unapologetic during the whole situation i won’t be returning. They knew before the 30 mins had passed that it was a leak and there was issues with plumbing but I guess making me wait to find out was some sort of game that I had to play.
Rating: 4
Text: It's the original location and still good.  It's a little out of the way and looks like it has not been updated since the 1970s, but the pizza is great and the service is top notch.  Get past the surroundings and you will have a great time! 
Rating: 5
Text: Fresh, thick, juicy, pepperoni and the crust perfectly made with a crunch but still soft. Salad was huge and delicious.  I'll make another trip soon.  Super filling and very much satisfied. :-)

Thank you Home Run Inn Pizza!
Rating: 5
Text: I had a wonderful time at home run inn pizza. The waitresses were very friendly and helpful.
Rating: 1
Text: They brought apetizers and main course about 3 minutes apart, no room on table.  I placed my salad on the seat because the table was full.  Felt rushed and the place was half empty.  Pizza, wings, all sucked
