Hong Kong Buffet
Rating: 1
Text: First of all I am only giving this a star because I had to. I'd rate them a negative 5 if I could. Just nasty!! They are very rude! When we sat down to eat,and our food was luke warm, which is a violation of a food license. The chicken was SPOILED! We didn't even eat, and we still had to pay.. After I walked up to the counter to pay... they have different prices for children under 10, but why did I have to pay $1.70 for a half of a cup of soda!! Y'all are ridiculous, my family and I will NEVER EAT HERE AGAIN!! I will be reporting them asap!
Rating: 5
Text: Been coming here for nearly 6 years....they have gotten nothing but BETTER..... Change their menu slightly. ....the staff will do anything they can within reason to satisfy the customer. .... Best Shine-Eaze buffett in southern illinois. Love love LOVE The Hong Kong Buffet!!!!
Rating: 3
Text: There's a lot of choices, but not many things I personally like. The decor inside is very nice and appealing. There's many foods like sushi and sweet and sour chicken, for example, but they also have a variety of fruits. A lot of the food was really dry, but a lot of it was still really good. The Sweet and sour chicken wasn't that good, the sauce was very bitter and the chicken was really hard and not easy to chew, and didn't taste that good. But, they had amazing pizza (at a Chinese buffet. . .). Still though, they had a variety of foods and that's good. They did not have general Chinese food that they have at Chinese places that you call and pick up your food/order. They had no beef and broccoli, or shrimp (they had cold shrimp, though), but they had chicken and broccoli. 
Anyway, this is a long review, but it's true. Overall, this place is good, but probably not worth the $10. 
Rating: 5
Text: I like to go here at lunch when everything is fresh. Sundays after church is my favorite time. Even the buffer sushi is good then.
Rating: 1
Text: This is the 3rd time I've been there that the owners have dug through our scrap plates very rudely in front of us and complained because the knuckles aren't eaten on the end of the crab legs. I've seen them do this to others as well. For those of you that don't know that's the nasty cold fishy bottom end of the crab. They also told my brother in law that he eats too much crab....uhmm hello...it's an all you can eat buffet. If they have a problem then they need to raise the price or stop doing it. We used to eat here regularly but I will never go back until I see an "Under new management" sign on the place like all Chinese restaurants seem to have to do. #TRUMPTRAIN
