Hotel St. Regis Detroit
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed 2 nights here while at a conference downtown. The front desk was kind enough to let me check in early on Friday, which I greatly appreciated. Valet is a joke, $20 to park 20 feet from the door. The walls are paper thin, street noise is very loud, my heat never turned warm, had my heat up to 90 but it never warmed up over 65. My shower did not get hot. I lived in a historic house, I understand water traveling a long way but other historical buildings put hot water heaters on each floor or even each room! No working ice makers on floors, which I was not made aware of until I checked two floors and then went to the main floor with my ice bucket. No microwave, no fridge. My ice bucket bag was not switched out. Nothing but a sheet and comforter on the bed, with no heat it's quite chilly in late October. Upon a 15 minute wait at checkout, I find I can't leave my car in the lot even though before checking in I asked if I could leave my car. I had to scramble to find parking and missed my first session at my conference. No, I won't be coming back, nor will I recommend this place to fellow conference attenders.
Rating: 5
Text: This review is only for the bar as we did not stay in the hotel. The bar is a really nice choice if you are looking for a drink before a show at the Fisher Theater.  We liked the bartender and he made a special drink for me without charging a SPECIAL price. Very nice and easy to get to the theater.
Rating: 3
Text: The Hotel St. Regis looks glamorous from the outside, but is more disappointing in the inside. The rooms are average overall (clean, decent bedding) and the staff is nice, so it's not a bad option. It's just not a great option either.
Rating: 1
Text: My room #516 was extremely COLD! I had my goddaughter call to the front desk and we were told that 1/2 the hotel was heated and the other 1/2 had no heat! They said all we can do is send you a space heater which didn't heat the room at all, just one little section of the room! When it was time to check out it was others complaining about their COLD rooms. My total including valet parking was $198 for 1 night (that's not cheap) so when the hotel agent ask for payment I said, 'Can you speak to the manager about a discount for the inconvenience we had to endure'. I have osteoarthritis in my knee and arthritis in my back and being in the cold makes the pain worst which I explained to them. When the agent came back he said the Mrg said they can only take the valet amount off which was only $20!! I was very dissatisfied and if I would've had the time, I would've stayed and argued until I got reimbursed ALL or 1/2 of my money. Sorry for such a long response but this is actually what happened on Oct 1, 2017 11am in Detroit MI.
Rating: 2
Text: The room was nice by it being my first time reserving here. But the simple fact when I called to make sure that’s all they were taking out of account she told me yes that which were $130.00. Now today I look at my account and it $164.00 that was tooken I was surprised to what’s going on. So I called talked to someone. The lady (Manager) told me I was billed for valet which I asked VALET if I was going to be charged and how much was it he told me NO. So I was completely blindsided. From jump. I won’t be coming here anytime soon. So unprofessional and tacky.
