House of Japan
Rating: 5
Text: This place is great.  I have been coming here for 7 years. Rocky is my favorite chef.  I love when  I I get him and some kids at the table.  He always makes it's fun.  I have this restaurant 5 stars because it deserves it.  However, I do want to touch on 2 areas where it can improve.

- The host or hostess sometimes can be short and to the point.  It's usually when they have 25 people waiting to be seated.  I can imagine this is stressful for them so I don't count it against them.

- Reservations are taken but rarely honored, so expect to wait a bit still.  This restaurant is packed every single day so for those who cannot wait, they are easily replaced.

That's it.  If you come in with these 2 things in mind, you will have a wonderful experience.
Rating: 2
Text: Service was really good this visit. The food however, was a totally different story which is very surprising. We have eaten here multiple times and the food is generally good. I know that that the hibachi cook was new but he needs to be trained again. Forgotten items that were ordered, items prepared incorrectly, etc. We went for lunch and spent $40 for two and had to box it up due to the amount of time it took to prepare (kid was getting fussy). The styrofoam box had more flavor than the meal did when we got home. I'm really glad we didn't go for dinner because the wasted money would have been even higher. It seems as though they are going through some growing pains right now.
Rating: 5
Text: Egg yolk sauce is amazing. The salad dressing is a close second. Rest of the menu is pretty good too, decent sushi.
Rating: 1
Text: Hostess was rude. Waited forever to sit. They overcrowded the table to the point where people asked to leave and sit elsewhere. The server was inattentive. The chef overcooked our meat, even though we reminded him we wanted it rare and asked him to take it off the grill. I got up after paying and walked over to the bar and when I came back to the table a couple mins later, they had thrown my leftovers away. The busboy and hostess laughed about this, and the manager/owner just said this was policy and did not offer any compensation. The only good part of this was the bartender and the drinks he made. I will never go back.
Rating: 3
Text: The food is wonderful and the chefs are fun to interact with.  I had some issues with the server's level of politeness (it was lacking) and he didn't listen to what we wanted.  The poor service brought the whole meal experience down for me, but the chef made up for most of it.  He was great with the kids at the table and the adults.  Enjoyed watching his tricks, and just watching him cook was great!
