House of Blues
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I came to Cleveland yesterday to go to the Chase Rice show....we made reservations for dinner before we went. Our server was Alexandria....fantastic!! The service was great, she was very attentive and the food far surpassed every expectation we had!! We used the skip the line feature which allowed us to be front row for the show!! After the concert we came back into the bar for some drinks. Kenny and Kate took FASTASTIC care of us from behind the bar!! It was nice to chat with both of them....we really appreciated all of the superb service and warm hospitality shown by all. We will definitely be back!!
Rating: 5
Text: Be sure to check them out for a wedding reception. We had 90 guests last weekend in the Cambridge room. Everything was the best from start to finish. Jen and Mel you are the best everyone commented how well they liked it.  The entire staff did a fine job as well ! Thank you for a fine event.
Rating: 3
Text: Small venue for sure. Great place to see the band up close. Can be a bit tight. The food is very good, but don't be in a hurry, service is SLOW. Took a long time just to get drinks. Waiter was apologetic about the wait. We're never in that big a hurry so I didn't mind the wait. The food was worth the wait.
Rating: 2
Text: Security issue. Went to see a Hanson concert last week at House of Blues.  Hanson was great.  Food was good.  My problem is with security , I was a nervous in the venue. First we ate in the restaurant and were escorted to our seats. I had a huge purse. No one ever checked my purse. I felt like a sitting duck in the basement.  People stood wall to wall and it was jammed packed. If a shot would sound out in this venue people would be trampled and it would be hard to get out of the exits. It was almost impossible to get to the restroom bec no one would move!!! Thank goodness our dinner tickets included a seat. There were not many seats but we had them in the middle of the wall to wall standing crowd. There were way too many people crammed in that small room. Again great concert didn't feel safe in the venue.
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing location, we ate dinner on the patio overlooking a very cool pedestrian only promenade. Food was great and of course the background music was also amazing. We had dinner early so weren't lucky enough to see a band here. The only negative is there are a large  number of panhandlers that "work" the promenade "selling" chocolates and candies and if your table is directly adjacent to the street they won't hesitate to interrupt your meal to peddle their wares, but I don't hold the restaurant accountable for that. The jambalaya I had was the best I've ever had, get the chicken and shrimp, so worth it!
