Hubbard Grille
Rating: 3
Text: The Hubbard grille is a really nice place. The decor, the air, the service is all very upbeat. All the staff I've interacted with in my numerous visits have been incredibly friendly and helpful. 

The food, on the other hand, sometimes has a tendency to be over done. On my last visit, the burger i ordered medium rare was a bit well done. I mentioned it to a server, they offered to replace it (i declined, but I'm sure it would have been good), and the manager showed up without me even asking for him. All in all, i didn't think it was a bad visit. 

I went back today to repeat my order of their truly excellent calamari and I also ordered a salmon dish. The dish was mostly superb and was cooked perfectly except for the hash browns. Those were actively burnt on both sides.  As a big potato lover, I was very disappointed.  In addition, the salmon could have used a bit more flavor. The salmon was cooked perfectly, though, and the sauce drizzled on the plate made me wish for a lot more of it. 

I certainly will return there as it is incredibly convenient and the food and staff are usually so good.
Rating: 5
Text: Service was phenomenal, and the food was really good. Had the Brussels to start, and the hanger steak is tops. The cocktails were... A little off? But Jen helped unquestioningly and made everything great. 

No shame whatsoever for coming as a family.
Rating: 5
Text: I went for brunch on game day and was absolutely impressed by the food, definitely recommend a spicy Bloody Mary with your meal. Fantastic service and our waitress Claire was top notch. I will definitely be a return customer.
Rating: 5
Text: I love getting brunch here. Their bloody mary's are always well made and you can tell the bartenders have ample experience. My girlfriend loves their peach nectar mimosa. On the food side, they have a poached egg taco style breakfast which i think is divine. She loves their cake style donuts. All in all i have only had marvelous experiences here and will return for brunch soon. Cheers
Rating: 5
Text: Nice beer selection. Good food. Nice people. Love there happy hour
