Hugo's Frog Bar & Fish House
Rating: 4
Text: I don’t know who can afford to eat here with the prices. Not me, unless I have some gift cards, but the food and service is great.  The crowd is certainly mature whenever I’ve been here.  The décor is classy and sophisticated (wood and leather).  Fried calamari $14 is good, especially with the Asian fusion dipping sauce.  The $21 lobster roll is buttery and delicious.  It had a little too much veggies for me, but still finger licking good. $21 Jumbo lump crab cake is good, but I prefer the lobster roll.
Rating: 5
Text: 1st time dining there.  Food was outstanding.  Service was ample, plenty of waiters available. Nice selection of surf and turf items.  14 oz Filet was my choice.
Rating: 5
Text: Went here last night with my family. Really delicious and top quality seafood. The sea bass was the best sea bass my husband has ever had. Both shrimp dishes are delicious. My mother had the king crab legs which were also great, although I'd say overpriced given the portion size. We took a cheesecake to go and it was excellent!

Service and ambience were good, even though it was PACKED.

I look forward to going again for a special occasion!
Rating: 5
Text: We came here random on a Sunday night. It was amazing.  I actually was on a diet and wanted to eat something light so I chose the Tuna.  It was seared quick with a Chinese spice.  I really enjoyed the sauce they put around the tuna as well.  For appetizer we had the crab avocado which I asked for chips to use with it.  I have had something similar and I like a chip or something crunchy to eat with it. I liked it much better with the chip it is definitely something I will order again!  My husband had the ribeye added on Bernaise sauce, not blackened, with a side of king crab.  He also ordered the loaded potato and Brussels sprouts.  I tried all of his food of course because it all looked amazing.   First, the steak. I suggest you try it. Amazing. Even tho it did not have the char it still had a great flavor and maintained its juices.  The potato tasted like a loaded mashed and was smooth and filling. I do not think they made the Brussel sprouts correctly.  The maple glaze they were supposed to have was all at the bottom of the bowl. They tasted more steamed and did not have any bacon on them like they were supposed to.  I did not enjoy them at all.  We did take several bites and tried to mix the maple around but they were not good.  I do not recommend those. The server was very fast and always had our drinks glasses filled.  Overall, a great place to go to get amazing food. We will come back again!
Rating: 1
Text: My steak was way under cooked and then they recooked the same steak then it was dry. Not good for a 50 dollar steak. Plus we were sat in the middle of the restaurant and felt everyone coming by. So we moved the table ours selfies. It was on okay. I would rather use my money somewhere else next time 
