Hungry House Cafe
Rating: 2
Text: I have eaten there twice now and I will say food is good both times.  The problem is the waitress on morning shift are way better than the 2nd shift.  When the waitress don't know what comes with a meal why should I have to remind her?  I don't remind them of their job so less tip or none at all when I leave.
Rating: 1
Text: My husband and I have ridden past this restaurant several times trucking our way through from Indiana to Texas and have always wanted to stop here to eat but never had the time. Since we had a little extra time, we decided to stop and have a nice "home cooked" meal on our first wedding anniversary (June 18). My husband ordered the breakfast belly buster and I ordered chopped steak with two sides and cornbread. I am guessing my food was prepared first and set up on the counter under a "heat" lamp, while my husbands breakfast was prepared "fresh". When the waitress brought our food, all of mine was cold to mild luke warm except my fried okra. My corn bread was even room temperature, so why did I need that butter?!? So, after getting the waitress's attention we sent it back to get hot food. Lo and behold, that same plate I sent back had been brought back to me after being microwaved. I am not blaming the waitress at all because she was very embarrassed after I asked her if it had been microwaved. I ended up sending it back and having it removed from our bill. I would love to try this restaurant again sometime and give them another chance at a better review. Stay tuned! 
Rating: 5
Text: Home cooking, great service. Ample parking if you're pulling a trailer.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food! Great prices! Great service! Why spend $20 at a fast food joint when you can get a home cooked country meal for that price?! Also, truck parking available! 
Rating: 5
Text: Had breakfast while having all my tires on our 5th wheel RV replaced. WONDERFUL experience. Service great, prices great, food delicious. Although our tires had to be picked up in Springfield; We were all set to go after our meal.  Great service and very nice people!
