Iggy's Diner
Rating: 1
Text: I used to be a regular. However, the attitude of the usual waitress I see is awful. It's too bad I don't know her name. She mocks customers, both to their faces and after they leave. Today I tried to sit on the side she usually doesn't work but it seemed like she was the only one there. All the tables were dirty. I was there five minutes without even being glanced at. It's too bad, because the food is good and some of the other waitresses are great, but going back isn't worth it if I'm going to be disrespected by her every time. Iggy's has lost my business indefinitely. Found out today her name is Emily.
Rating: 4
Text: The food is top notch. The waitress we had was not even worthy of a real tip. The cherry limeade was one of the best we have ever had. The burger was perfectly seasoned. Wife got the pork tenderloin sandwich. It was huge and delicious. Their fries and onion rings take you back to a time when food was real and diners like this one fueled the passions of American youth. So glad to "get my chubby" @ Iggy's Diner, if our waitress had only been on the same pursuit of perfection the kitchen staff is on, I would have given Iggy's 5 stars.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I were on our way home from vacation. We got on the road early and skipped breakfast. By the time we hit Carthage, it was time for food.  I googled "best places to eat breakfast in Carthage". Iggy's was 1 of 3 that came up. We liked the name, so gave it a try. Amazing food! The prices are more than fair. Even though we live almost 2 hours away, we plan to make the drive to do it again. Friendly service and GREAT food. Thanks Iggy's, for a wonderful end to our vacation!  We will definitely be back!
Rating: 2
Text: Good price.. great food... However the waitress today was crappy... Got my Burger wrong... It was still good... Worst off my son waited over 10 minutes for a refill... There were only 8 customers and 3 servers... Wasn't busy at all... Agitated that she was on her phone not taking care if guests
Rating: 3
Text: Food was good, staff was ok. My grandson didn't like his hotdog, so I tasted it and it was pretty nasty tastings. Wife loved the onion rings.
