Ike's Place Bar & Grill
Rating: 1
Text: Wow where to start? Me and my two kids stop by for dinner after local football game. We came in we ordered our food we ordered our drinks. It took 10 minutes to be seated and another couple 5 before we talk to a waitress. We ordered appetizers and food as well as some drinks. I got the margarita on special. Which tasted like ice down Margarita Water. I told her and she said funny they're usually really good. So then I ordered a beer. After not seeing my waitress in Waiting 2 minutes I got up and started towards the bar. She came out and asked what I was doing and I said I'm waiting for my beer I thought I would just get well. She said no let me check on it. She came back and said it would be a little bit the bartender was busy. At the end of the bar the bartender was leaning over the end speaking with people visiting. I told her I could see the beer setting up there. It's not the flavor I ordered but it's the brand. I told her twice when she was at the table that I wanted a Budweiser. She brought me a Bud Light. I explained to her that was not what I ordered and could I please have another one she said well what did you order. So I asked my kids sitting at the table, and they both told her my dad ordered a Budweiser. She said oh let me check on that. So a couple minutes later I got my beverage. Some friends of ours came in and we visited with them and talk to them and talked about the game and they set down to order. While I was visiting with other people in here from our town I noticed that our friends that came in after us had received their food and we're eating there was approximately eight and their group. We still haven't received our appetizer yet. I asked the waitress and she said oh yeah let me get that. She finally came back with the appetizer and we ate it. The appetizer was done and we still haven't received our other food our friends were paying their check and getting ready to leave. I found our waitress again and ask her what was that. She said the kitchen was just swamped yet she reached of cigarette smoke and hadn't been around. I mentioned to her she should probably wash her hands and do a little something about the cigarette smoke before dealing with customers again. 15 minutes later we got our food. My son's hamburger was dry felt like it's been under the warmer a while maybe even microwaved. But it was horrible. This is a 17 year old young man that eats me out of house and home and is never bitched about food in his life. My daughter ordered the shrimp scampi there were maybe five pieces of shrimp in it it tasted really really fishy and not a good fishing. She couldn't finish it I ordered the chicken fried chicken and some vegetables and noodles the chicken fried chicken was good. The vegetables were burnt and burned on the ends. I mix the vegetables and with the noodles that I had received to try and make something out of them. My son then took my chicken fried chicken and ate it my daughter said her tummy hurt after trying the trim and didn't want to try anything else. I told our waitress and she said that's too bad let me get your ticket. She brought the ticket and then asked did you want any dessert. At that point I was sarcastic I said no we don't have the type we need to get on the road. She said well hopefully it's better next time. So and conclusion I spent $65 on food that we couldn't eat. We got here at 8 it is now 9:25. Very unhappy very disgusted will not be back again. And it's too bad because we will be out here for wrestling and for football and we have to find somewhere to eat. I don't do fast food I don't do McDonald's I don't do Sonic because I enjoy the quality of a meal. Unfortunately that is not what I received and paid way too much for it. I hope this helps you and your staff do a better job in the future sincerely Dean Garcia
Rating: 4
Text: Great atmosphere,  reasonably priced. The food was delicious and staff very courteous!
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome food, drinks and atmosphere!
Rating: 1
Text: I wouldn't even give it a 1 star but in order to share our terrible experience I had to. We first got there was seated and waited 15 minutes be for the server even come over to us. She got out drink order then left again waited 10 minutes for our drinks and still have know menus at this time I mind you. Then finally another lady comes over with drinks and menus finally after waiting 30 mins. So we finally get to order and sat there for 50+ minutes and still was nothing. Needless to say the serious was absolute terrible! And I can't even tell you what the food was like because we ended up leaving, because after sitting and waiting for over and hour and getting nothing it was rediculouss and we were very displeased! Will not go back!
Rating: 5
Text: They were accommodating with our dogs.  Greeted us right away.  Our server Dakota was great.  We loved that the appetizers could be half orders. Highly recommend the frickles, as well as the whiskey burger.  Owner was extremely nice. Would definitely go again.
