Iowa River Power Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: This restaurant is exceptional!
Exceptional food!
Exceptional location!
Exceptional staff!
Our experience was spectacular- we definitely would recommend this to everyone visiting Iowa City!
Love, love this place -
Rating: 5
Text: You can't go wrong at Flanagan's. We stop here after each Iowa home game and have never been disappointed.  The food is delicious and reasonable. Service exceptional!
Rating: 5
Text: This was, hands down, the most fantastic brunch experience I have ever had. Not only were our reservations honored without issue, but we also had a food allergy in the group that they accommodated excellently! Even though they aren't a gluten free facility, the head chef met us at the door as we came in and personally made a huge delicious gluten free plate complete with dessert. She was very knowledgeable about Celiac Disease and assured us that she would be the only one handling the dish to minimize chance for cross-contamination. Staff was extremely professional and the brunch buffet was extensive and well done. Additionally we had the options of complimentary mamosas, champagne, and coffee. It was all very reasonably priced as well! I'd give this place 10 stars if I could and feel comfortable recommending it to anyone with allergies. Will definitely be going back!
Rating: 5
Text: We were passing through town (from Michigan)and actually were camping in the area.  We had reason to celebrate so I found this place on the river to have dinner. We had a wonderful table with a nice view of the river, 
dam and walkway. Service was just right. I feel bad I don't remember servers name...  The surf and turf was probably the best meal we have ever had. The filet was cooked a perfect medium rare/medium and the lobster tail was HUGE and cooked to tender perfection. The shrimp scampi pasta dish we also ordered was unremarkable, but the surf and turf was plenty to share and made up for it. I don't write many reviews but I can't stop thinking about that meal!  Thank you for starting off our cross country journey in style!
Rating: 4
Text: This is the second time I have been here. To be honest, the first time did not amaze me, because it was the first brunch I had ever in America, I had nothing to compare. After one year living here, this visit makes me realize how good the food is here. The reason I did not give 5 stars is because it is really expensive... I mean, you can easily get what you eat in the buffet with what you paid anywhere else, they just put them together.
