Isle of Capri Casino Hotel Boonville
Rating: 5
Text: Angel at the front desk is amazing! She is willing to go the extra bit too make your stay comfortable and welcoming... She even calls you by your first name when your coming in the door... How does she remember everyone? So professional, friendly and polite. The beds here are amazingly comfortable. Clean rooms, clean building. I've never been in a dirty room. Always spotless. Great showers, fluffy towels. Always hot water.. mini fridge option is great. Could use a microwave in the room or at least one on each floor. Neat view of the Missouri River from the room.
Rating: 3
Text: Not Applicable, Moving to near by town just came for some fun..Just to much smoke in there.Don't matter there is non smoking section.You think it doesn't blend in. Just should be separated rooms same machines.Always end up sick from to much smoke in air. And didn't have a single person ask if I wanted a drink.Guess they only ask the people at the card games.Not the slit machine.Oh but I could help myself to soda or Lemon aid.. Good one for dibetics..
Rating: 3
Text: We enjoyed spending time together and the food at the buffet was good. As far as the hotel stay it was awful. The bed and pillows were extremely uncomfortable. Had room temp turned all the way down and was still too warm. Toilet ran all night long and had no shut off. When i complained to front desk they said they would make a note but no apology. Noise was excruciating as we could hear normal conversation in the hallways, doors slamming, things being dropped on the floor above, and laughing and shower noise from room next door. If you want a good nights sleep do not stay here. We were there on a Tuesday and they were not very busy. 
Rating: 4
Text: The buffet was great, we went on Friday night. The food was fresh and everything was stocked, even at 8:45pm. I didnt stay at the hotel, but the casino is nice and there is normally always spots at the tables. I wish this casino was closer to KC, I would frequent it more often. The perks that come with gambling are great, better than any of the casinos in the KC area.
Rating: 3
Text: we always have fun there, sometimes more than other times.  the buffet has gotten worse with time but the sandwich place is still good for a quick bite. The people are always helpful and smiling they go out,of,their way to assist you.
