Jackie O's Public House & BrewPub
Rating: 5
Text: I have a friend who brings the beer back to nyc. Won’t stop talking about it so I finally had some and I was blown away. Love this beer. Hope one day I’ll pass through Ohio and get to see the place my self. I love there beer. Goo if you’re close.
Rating: 1
Text: I came to this establishment for dinner with my girlfriend. We ordered a flight of beer and our meal at the same time. We got the beer 10 mins later. After 40 min, no food and no information from our waitress on the eta of our food. It was not busy. I asked the bartender and he told me it's Halloween weekend and everyone is sluggish. Maybe they should've mentioned that when we ordered. What a joke. Lost our appetite from the wait so we just paid for the beer and left. Never coming back.
Rating: 2
Text: Burgers : overcooked, dry inside , oily outside, square meet ... What's this frozed stuff? The "blue cheese" was a joke. 13 dollars for a burger that size wise is like 7 dollars... The best part was the fries, the beer and the pickle. Totally over priced for the really bad quality burger, taste also very poor.

Never come back for food , maybe for a beer. Sorry guys. You should go Great Lakes brewery and take some notes in terms of food.
Rating: 5
Text: It's difficult to express how great their beer is. Quite possibly the finest of the many breweries I've been to all over the country. The food is also excellent, and I appreciate the variety of vegetarian options!
Rating: 3
Text: They have a good variety of beers from light to dark. This is the best thing about Jackie Os. I'd recommend the pawpaw wheat for something light and fruity or dark apparition for something stout. I've gone here for 13+ years and they can be really friendly or not at all. Over the years the service has ranged from A+ to horrible. Honestly it feels like the service depends on how "hip/trendy" you're dressed. It's a little above average in cleanliness compared to most Athens bars. The menu is pretty good and consistent.. the cheese curds and Neanderthal Pizza are the best. Sometimes they have specialty items that are pretty decent. If you aren't drinking beer its probably not the best place because I've seen a little bias towards non-beer drinkers.. stupid but unfortunately true. Also, there are two sides. I'd recommend the the right side/larger side. They're a little nicer. I've been in the left side/i think it's the pub side and they're rude. Pub/left side also doesn't display priced and I've had them totally overcharge for wine and have heard other patrons talking about my selection saying, "I should go elsewhere if I'm not drinking the beer." My lower star rating is based upon how badly the staff has acted. I've been here on new years and was treated pretty badly and overcharged for wanting a glass of champagne. 
