Jarrety's Place
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent catering service!  When our caterer became unable to cater our son's wedding just three weeks prior to the event, I was so fortunate to find Jarrety's online.  There are plenty of items to choose from on their catering menu.  Dawn responded very quickly with answers to my questions and a very reasonably priced quote.  When the weekend of the event arrived, they did not disappoint.  Everything was timely, well presented, and the food was excellent.  The servers were extremely pleasant and accommodating.  Jarrety's really came through for me in a pinch!  Highly recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic place to eat.  Homemade breads, soups, and cookies.  High quality.  A friend recommended this to us.  Let me be your friend - go visit Jarrety's Place.  You will not be disappointed. Excellent service.  Excellent food.
Rating: 5
Text: Very good lunch menu.  Busy place.  Friendly wait staff.  Nice coffee, latte, tea selections.  Child-friendly.  Pleasant experience.
Rating: 4
Text: Good amount of variety in the menu, and fairly good quality of food and coffee. Pleasant atmosphere. Stopped to eat here during a road trip going past Rochester, definitely worth the extra couple minutes of driving beyond what was right by the high way exit.  Seemed like a place I would pick to meet up with someone at were I a resident in the area.
Note: given 4 stars in part because I'm extremely selective about giving places 5-star ratings.
Rating: 5
Text: Jarretty's Place is kind of like Cheers, it's the place you wanna be at when in this area. To be in a fairly Rural area it is just outstanding. Absolutely Great Food, wonderful Service from the  ery Friendly people that work here.
When I find them I rave about places like this, because in today's fast pace world (which usually means hurry up and wait , for inferior food, and service) these kinds of places are just few, and far between, sad to say.
Jarretty's is the way these Quaint little Restaurant's are supposed to be, a place that you will go out of your way to come back to.
I travel through here frequently, and they will be a regular stopping point for me now that I've discovered them.
Thanks for the Outstanding Service, and Great Food.
Do yourself a favor, and stop in, and eat, and socialize, you won't regret it.
