Jethro's BBQ
Rating: 3
Text: Take advantage of their happy hr. 4-6 m-f $2.75 25oz tall boys and half price appetizers

Update :moved from 5 stars to 3... Please get better cooks seen  them all the time not wash hands after being in a stall and got super sick after eating waffle. Fries chicken  nachos... Won't be eating here again but will drink here
Rating: 4
Text: Overall customer service was amazing...we ordered chicken nachos rib and blackened ends with rib, onion rings and boneless wings....would highly recommend everything but the nachos...not enough meat and cheese vs. Chips...drinks were also amazing!
Rating: 1
Text: The beer is cold. I ordered burnt ends with sides of mashed potatoes and onion rings (an extra $2). The onion rings were soggy and luke warm at best. Could not eat them. The potatoes and gravy good. I had had the burnt ends in Ankeny and got far more pieces there than I got here. I was never asked “how was everything”. Now I know why.  I wish I had seen the review below. It sickens me to think that the guys back there cooking the food would take a leak or hist and not wash their hands. I won't eat there again. Who in the H doesn't wash their hands in food prep? Ugh
Rating: 4
Text: The first time I went here I was absolutely starving, as I had worked through lunch.  It was amazing.  Going back it still offers top notch smoked meats with a nice variety of sauces.  I would like to see a spicy vinegar sauce added.  Their wings are also high quality, but I swear they are better the next day.
Rating: 5
Text: We order from Jethros regularly, dine in and take out. They are always consistently good. Today we dined in and had the waffle fry nachos, boneless wings, and bone in wings. Pro tip: get buffalo parmesan sauce on your wings. It isn’t on the menu, but they’ll make it and it’s awesome. There was a computer problem which caused some delays on food, but they more than compensated for the issue. A great open for good, consistent BBQ in the Des Moines area.
