Jin Jin Garden Chinese Restaurant
Rating: 2
Text: Was pretty disappointed with the food we just got delivered for lunch. I used to eat here all the time back when I lived here, but it's definitely changed since then. The generals chicken was a lot of little crunchy pieces with not much breaded chicken pieces. The Lo Mein had an off taste to it and the fried rice was weirdly sticky. The egg rolls and crab rangoo were good and seemed fresh. Don't think I'll reorder from here which sucks.
Rating: 3
Text: Being from New York I have high standards for ethnic foods. Jin Jin has a.feel of being authentic . The food was tasty but I have no idea why they offer lo mein with fried rice. Maybe it's a mid.west thing but way to much carbs.
Rating: 1
Text: I do not negatively review a food establishment after one bad encounter. I wanted to like this place. But I can't. If I could remove the last star I would. 

BLUF: They will bring you old, unpalatable food and get angry if you address the substandard meal.

The first time I ordered, it was alright. The food was ordinary. Based on the reviews, I thought it would be great. It's generic. When I called and mentioned this, I was met with a nasty attitude and, pretty much, blown off.

The second time, it was subpar. It seemed as of it was microwaved. It was dry. It was as if it had been sitting under a heater all day.

This last time, recently, I ordered General Tso's chicken, vegetable fried rice, beef and broccoli, and spring rolls. It was just under $28 and I tipped. Again, it was bad. This time, not only was it hard and old tasting, it smelled badly. My home smelled from the food but not the way good food smells. It smelled as if I had a kitchen trash can that needed to be taken out.

Before this last purchase, another person I know ordered a meal and had it delivered. Everyone that ate it said it was bad. They tried each other's food in case it was just them. I stood there as they commented. I, also, stood there when they contacted the establishment and were met with attitude, bad service, and a raised voice from the other end of the line. 

All I wanted was what I paid for. What I got was disappointment.

I would not suggest this establishment for your meals.
Rating: 2
Text: I have been dealing with this restaurant for the last two years. Every single time I order from here and eat the food I get bubble guts. It used to be the only Chinese restaurant in town that delivered on post. I would recommend another restaurant. 

Wether it would be the terrible customer service and the inability to understand English  (apparently they still can't hear after all this time being open) 

The terrible stomach ache this place gives me. 

On two occasions the driver asked me why I haven't tipped (I had the cash in my pocket both times) 

The only thing saving this restaurant from a 1 star review from me Is the mediocre tasting food.
Rating: 1
Text: Terrible experience would not recommend!
they over charged us. And they have terrible customer service the lady was on the phone while taking our order, probably why we got overcharged.
