JMK Nippon
Rating: 5
Text: I took the love of my life there.  The food is authentic and the sushi is to die for. Fantastic service and a very memorable experience. 

We chose to eat cafè instead of hibachi.  

Could not have asked for a better experience  and is great for the price conscious consumer.
Rating: 2
Text: I have been here 3 times now.  We all agree, this place needs a ventilation system and a good cleaning.  Food is Ok, no complaints, Just plan on dry-cleaning after your visit.  There are better options for the money.
Rating: 1
Text: We had a pretty awful first experience. We have a rule though to always give a restaurant a second chance. There are so many factors that are changing that could make a visit awful so we try to give them a second shot and make sure we go on a different day and time. Our first visit was on a Saturday right at 5 when they first opened so our second visit was on a weekday at lunch time. It was just as bad. The server was just as snotty and rude and horrible at her job as the first one. As a previous waitress I am really lenient on my standards during busy times. The second visit tested every amount of patience I have. We were ignored from the start. We waited 15min for our waitress to even come by the first time. We ordered drinks and she took them but acted very pissy that we didn't know what we wanted to eat yet. After 15 more minutes we STILL didn't have our drinks. So that makes it half an hour of waiting and no drinks. We ask and she brings them then walks away before we can order. So we wait 20 more minutes and still nothing. She was serving everyone around us no problem. Finally we stop her and she says she's ready to take our order. At that point we said no thanks can we get a check to pay for our drinks. She was so disgusted and rude about it. It took another 15 min to get the check. At that point I was so pissed off that all hope of ANY tip was completely gone. I refuse to go back. Which sucks because I love sushi and was hoping it would be worth going again. Nope. I've never walked out of a restaurant so pissed off before in my life.
Rating: 4
Text: I wish I could give you five stars.  Our waiter was outstanding. The food and drinks were perfectly palatable. The ambience was incredible.  The wait for our seating with reservations was unacceptably long.   Thanks for a great meal... please work on seating your reserved patrons better. Until next time?

Rating: 5
Text: Love this place. It's like my wife's and I hang out spot. We love coming here repeatedly, amazing service and great cooks. Decent people a lot better than at shogun
