Joe Bologna's Restaurant & Pizzeria, Inc
Rating: 3
Text: Updated 10/22/17:
I have tried several things from this place since my last review. The chili is still to die for. The Lasagna might be the best in town. I have never had cannelloni before so I tried that as well. Also delicious. Depending on the day, the salads can get a little sketchy (wilted, browning lettuce, leaky and loss of crispness due to sitting in a refrigerator for 48 hours). When you catch them fresh, they are awesome. They give you 1 oz (the small small container) of salad dressing and it kind of bothered me that the last time I went, I was charged for a second ounce. Overall its a decent local Italian restaurant that provides a slightly better value than it's competition at the occasional cost of quality and freshness. That petty overcharge for the dressing is what prevented this review from being 4 stars.

Below is my prior review from 2016 (3 stars):

Italian based restaurant that has been here for quite some time. Their subs and salads are great. The chili is to die for. Their pizza was over-topped with too little sauce and cheese the one time I ordered it. Still need to try their pasta and will eventually give their pizza another shot.
Rating: 3
Text: Very reasonably priced.  Great service and decent pizza but the beer selection is a bit light.  The bread sticks are top notch, huge, and served in olive oil.  We started with fried mushrooms, normally my favorite appetizer.  They first appeared to  be of the frozen veriety but the firm texture and bite said homemade.  Regardless, the breading needs  work, IE seasoning.  We chose the Mexican Pizza with Sicilian style deep dish crust.  The beef on the pizza could use more seasoning as well and the crust was a bit too biscuit like but still enjoyable.  Joe's is interestingly situated in an old church and is long been a Lexington fixture.  Conveniently located near campus and easy walking distance to downtown.   Worth checking out.
Rating: 5
Text: I love Joe's. Good solid good. Good friendly service. Reasonably priced. They also have a small selection of craft beer. Usually something you want. Nothing to brag about. Great atmosphere. The building was formerly a church and then a synagogue. Retains much of that look. If they upped their game in craft beer, Joe's would be four oh!
Rating: 5
Text: Went to celebrate a special birthday prior to a Kentucky basketball game. The owner was just as nice as he could be visiting with us. He gave my girlfriend a wonderful piece of homemade cake for her dessert. This is a must when visiting Lexington.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place for an enjoyable casual dinner experience. Our server Seth was awesome and was on top of his game all through the meal. He even had Joe the owner come to meet us as we were travelling from Wisconsin and very interested in the building and his history of building up his restaurant's reputation and time in the same neighborhood over the years. 
Lasagna and breadsticks are worth coming for. Great atmosphere and great service on top of an excellent menu. We will be back.
