Joe's Crab Shack
Rating: 1
Text: I don't not like this place.  My date had the same feeling.  The food was average size and taste but over priced for the venue.  The view is great!  If the weather is good sitting outside is wonderful.  Inside is a big hollow room that echos and gets loud.  Our server treated us like we were an interruption to her more important work.  She sat at a table with another server.  I will not go back.
Rating: 5
Text: Best Joe's Crabs location. This location has the best view and sitting outside overlooking the Ohio River is great watching the river boats move up and down the river. The servers are always great and the food is about the same at any Joes. Management takes care of you if there is a problem.  I enjoy the peel and eat shrimp for the money.
Rating: 3
Text: Me and my boyfriend come here often. Joe's is our favorite. We have always had great service and are very generous when tipping until this last time. Our server brought our salads, appetizer, and food all out at basically the same time!!! So I felt we were being rushed from the beginning. Then she proceeded to introduce us to another server as if she didn't even want our table. Then she comes back and says 'oh Uber cost $50 right now' and handed us our check early. I guess she decided to keep our table since she was stuck there. She sat at a table while we had all our food in front of us trying to struggle to eat it before it got cold. I was so upset being as I'm a server at another restaurant and have always had great service at Joe's. I was not impressed. So the bill was $50 and I tipped her $5 and the other server that was going to take our table over (but didn't) $10. We will still come back but will not be waited on by this last server as she made our night out to eat rushed and uncomfortable.
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic service the last few times I have been to Joe's Crab Shack in Louisville on the Riverfront. The last visit our food took 45 minutes to come out from the kitchen, but we didn't even realize it and the server went out of her way to apologize and correct the mistake. The manager came over and took care of us. I really appreciated this service because we didn't even have to complain, they corrected the mistake without us asking. The food and atmosphere has also been very good every time we have visited, which for a chain restaurant is really awesome. Will surely return.
Rating: 4
Text: This place food is good, staff is nice but need to train staff better about how to place food on table.. 1 waitress have stand over top of my 14months old with hot butter and spilled all over his head.. luckily he was not burnt..she just told there and look didn't bother to apologize..when we left she still didn't apologize..i email manager to teach there staff again..they try to offer me 20 gift card..seriously no apologies at all
