Joey B's Food & Drink
Rating: 3
Text: Our waitress was good but we ordered a cheeseburger and fries for our daughter who only wants meat and cheese, no bun.  I told the waitress this but she brings my daughter's food out with a cheeseburger on a bun.  We were just going to take the bun off but the cheese stuck to the bun.  I then decided to send it back and ask them to redo it.  She acted a little put out and then brings it back out a few minutes later and instead of just melting a piece of cheese on it the cook chose to put 4 pieces of cheese on it and they weren't melted right, they just flaked off when I cut it up.  Not sure we'll be going there any time soon.
Rating: 1
Text: Nice staff, good service.  Terrible door alarm next to our table that beeps three times every time the front restaurant door opens. Appears ownership is more concerned with making sure staff is aware of the next customer rather than keeping the one already seated. Manager apologized and agreed it's a problem and stated she doesn't hear it anymore.  Owners need to trust staff (again very good) rather than have a Pavlovian bell. Can't comment on the food.  Did not order because the DING, DING, DING of the door alarm could not be silenced. Give manager the ability to correct. Empower and trust your people to manage in your absence or never leave. If trust is a problem, silent video cameras would be more effective and further demonstrates a lack of trust/oversight. As I too own and manage a business, I find this unacceptable.  Will not come back or recommend to others.
Rating: 3
Text: We had a group of 16 from Anheuser-Busch retirees for lunch today. I would say the wings and onion rings are probably the best I ever ate before. Although we had some issues with the meatloaf plate both being cold and not able to eat. The two said it was the worst gravy  ever. They did take it off of the bill. It seems like it took a long time for our food to arrive at the table and the onion ring side with the hamburger did not come out for almost 10 minutes after the burger. The waitress was excellent on service and explaining reasons for being late with the food.
Rating: 3
Text: Choir the grilled brussel sprouts could have been amazing, they were completely undercooked. Most of them were literally Raw. The food was very uneven. Some of it was wonderful, some of it was sub-standard and should not have been served. The wait staff was excellent. Competent and friendly. Prices were reasonable.
$10 for Frozen onion rings seems a bit much.
Rating: 4
Text: Very good food, large portions, reasonably priced.  Large menu. Friendly service.  I have returned with my family many times.
