Johnny's Italian Steakhouse Olathe
Rating: 3
Text: More of like a 2.5 star experience. The appetizers were good, but not phenomenal. Party of 6 with one child and 4 of the 5 adult steaks were over cooked (the one that was right was ordered Well..) My son is very picky so we ordered him kids spaghetti no sauce...... I had to order him another plate of plain noodles (that they charged me $6 for) because it was such a small portion ... We paid $12 for plain noodles that combined were LESS than one pasta scoop I could scoop at home. Server was unattentive, and slow with most everything we needed, had to wait for drink refills, didn't check back...just overall disappointed. For $100 for 2 adults and 1 kid who all drank water, it was definitely not worth it.
Rating: 2
Text: When my husband asked where I wanted to have my birthday dinner I chose Johnny's Italian Steakhouse based off of the reviews online. Considering all the positive reviews this restaurant had, we thought it would be a fairly safe bet. Unfortunately we were wrong. 
We made a reservation for 7:30 and were promptly seated when we arrived. We waited at our table for a while before we were greeted by our server. Immediately I could tell that she had a bit of an attitude and could care less about her job. I completely understand  that sometimes we all have off days, but I've had more attentive customer service at a McDonald's drive thru. Not only was she completely uninspired, but she lacked knowledge of the menu as well as the wine list. My husband requested a recommendation for a buttery chardonnay and she just stood there and looked at him. Literally said nothing. Later I asked if my son could have the kids steak sandwich without the bun and if she could up-charge us so he could have mashed potatoes rather than the frys it came with. Once again, she just looked at me like I was asking for a unicorn before asking if I just wanted to order a steak off the regular menu. Yeah, sure. I'd much rather order a 30 dollar steak for my seven year-old..... At this point I was slightly perturbed, but I hoped that the food would  make up for it. No such luck! Our steaks were overcooked. Our mashed potatoes were pretty bland, stiff, and had huge chunks of potatoes that hadn't been mashed throughout. 
Our server was MIA for most of our dinner. Took over ten minutes to bring back my husbands wine. When my son's drink needed to be refilled she was no where to be found and it set empty on the edge of the table forever. We couldn't even flag down another server to refill it for us! Also, my seven year-old repeatedly said "thank you" to her when she brought his food/drinks and she NEVER once replied with a simple "you're welcome." We teach our child manners and she needed a refresher course. When we were done she didn't ask us if we would like dessert or anything. Overall, it was mediocre at best. We probably won't be back.
Rating: 1
Text: This review site is not to be trusted.  I did and then looked closer but after I ate here.  This all could've come precooked and warmed in a microwave as it was that bad.  Brussel sprouts hard, crab stuffed shrimp with Bernaise sauce was blah and that crab tasted canned.  Knorr makes better Bernaise.  The Italian sausage and cheese stuffed mushrooms are a bad combination and the flavors just do not go together.  My baked potato was good but this is not a reason to eat here and it is way overpriced.
Rating: 5
Text: Delicious food, wonderful service, and the chef even provided a made-from-scratch garlic butter to accompany my girlfriend's steak. Definitely the best dining experience I have had in the greater KC area.
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely Wonderful! Food is out of this world! The Staff is also Awesome n out of this world.Thank you so much.
