Johnny's Pizza
Rating: 5
Text: Their deep dish pizza is the best around. The thick and fluffy crust topped with an abundance of real mozzarella cheese cant be beat. Its a must have for deep dish loven pizza eaters. You definitely get your money's worth.
Rating: 1
Text: This restaurant is extremely unprofessional and rude.  I ordered a pizza for delivery and it was NEVER delivered.  I called numerous times to inquire about the delivery taking so long and no one answered.  I then called back the next day and spoke with a so called manager named Otis.  He was VERY unapologetic and rude.  He claimed that the delivery person was unable to reach me, then lied and said the restaurant does NOT keep phone numbers on file for recurring customers, all of which was a lie!!  When I called the night before to place the order, the staff person asked me for my number and when I provided it, the person said, "ok is this Tiffany?"  Therefore, they already had my number stored from previous orders!  I feel that the staff is incompetent and very unprofessional because as a manager, instead of making excuses and trying to argue with a customer, he should have apologized for the mix up and inconvenience!!   I will NEVER order/purchase anything from this place and  I will STRONGLY advise my friends, colleagues and family to steer clear of this place!!!  In the future, it may behoove this establishment to send their "managers" to a class where they can be taught proper customer service, customer retention, problem resolution and courtesy!!
Rating: 5
Text: Great pizza. Best Chicago style Hot Dog and Polish. Lasagna to die for! And come to the place for lunch. Better than "Cheers". Did I mentioned the Italian Beef is the best seller. The staff is the best especially "Otis"  "Bones" and of course "Johnny
Rating: 4
Text: Good food all around.
Spinach Lasagna excellent Italian beef w/Johnny 's homemade giardinera peppers to die for 
And all their  pizza's build it yourself. If you don't like it that's  your fault
Rating: 1
Text: Where's the cheese and sauce? Delicious slice of dough, if you're into that.
