Jumer's Casino & Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: I've only been to a couple of casinos so I can't compare to others when it comes to payouts on the slots. 

What did impress me was the cleanliness of both the room and the facility over all. All of the staff I encountered were friendly and courteous. The waitress that took care of us at the buffet early Sunday morning did take a while to get us our coffee but that might have been due to being understaffed. It appeared as if she might have been covering more than one area. The food at both the dinner and breakfast was not bad but was a bit of a let down after hearing some of my friends talk about how good it was. This was the reason for me not giving them 5 stars. 

On the plus side the room was clean, neat, and the bed comfortable. Had one of the best pillows I've ever had at a hotel. Wonder if they would have missed one?  LOL
Rating: 4
Text: Overall it was a nice stay. The staff was very friendly including the lady at the front desk who let me borrow her cell phone charger. The room was clean and had very soft carpets. Really my only issue was the fact that the shower didn't drain well so there was standing water at the end. Overall a great stay though and would recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: The overall experience was good. All the facilities were clean, the staff was welcoming and inviting, and the amenities were also good. The stand out was the Buffett however. The food selection and variation was very delicious plus the variety of food was perfect. The only negative was the "Chinese selection." It seemed out of place and was not very appetizing. It looked as if no one had eaten anything out of this section for at least an hour. It just seems that space could be better utilized to complete the food selection.
Rating: 5
Text: Went for the buffet and to gamble a bit. Was very clean with clean facilities. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. We were new to a casino and everyone was very helpful in getting us started. The buffet was good, a little pricey for what you get. Not enough 'staples' but a lot of more unique items for a buffet, like jalapeno cornbread mac and cheese. Huge variety of slot machines and a lot of tables for other games. We went on a Saturday night but it wasn't to busy to not have options for playing. All around a very enjoyable time.
Rating: 5
Text: Overall, this is a nice casino with an attached hotel. 

The entire staff, managers to wait staff were very friendly and did whatever necessary to make our stay a pleasant one. 

We rented several meeting rooms, had additional after hours cocktails and it all went off without a hitch. 

The casino was well run and the dealers were very friendly and welcoming questions. I was surprised to find $5 tables almost all day. Huge difference to the casinos closer to the City. 
