Kalona Brewing Company
Rating: 5
Text: Food was EXCELLENT!  Bartender was GREAT! We went @ lunch 09/23/2017 ( Saturday ). Was busy, so we sat at the bar and ate. Great atmosphere.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a FABULOUS place for lunch and dinner!! They have a simple yet varied menu. 
Hors d'oeuvres were very nice and flavorful! We ordered baked Brie which came wrapped in a flaky, fresh baked dough served with fruit...out of this world! We also tried cheese curds...another delicious winner! 
The fish tacos were lightly beer-battered and fried yet without even a hint of greasiness. Fish fillet sizes were quite large and served on a fresh, soft corn tortilla...absolutely delicious. We had the meatloaf dinner served with demiglace sauce accompanied by a beer-cheese pasta. It was very rich and flavorful. The cheese sauce was creamy and had a lovely rich flavor. We would absolutely order it again! 
They make the best pizza in a wood-fire oven for many miles around! The meat-lovers came with their homemade sausage, thin, crisp, crust with delicious tomato sauce; another win-win!
The staff are very warm, personable, and extremely attentive. Service is without a doubt the best we've found after traveling across many states over months of time!! 
Beer samples accompanied by very fun, knowledgeable, explanations are available to help find one that's just to your liking. They brew a wide variety of beer here that changes with the seasons. Everyone at our table was able to find a brew they enjoyed and all glasses were different. There is literally something for everyone! 
This is an elegant, yet relaxed restaurant that you would not expect to find in little Kalona, Iowa. Our entire group said they highly recommend this restaurant without any reservation! Everything we tasted we would order again and that's unheard of from our experiences. What a fun evening!!
You're sure to enjoy a relaxed, unhurried, and definately memorable afternoon or evening here!!
Rating: 5
Text: Very Upscale for Kalona and a decent enough menu for a MicroBrewery would love to see them put some large  steaks on the Menu. The Beer was Fantastic
Rating: 3
Text: Nice environment and great addition to the community. I don't really care for their beer. I'm told its the Belgian yeast. The food is good and classy but not teally bar fare.
Rating: 5
Text: Great environment ! Friendly staff. The Fried Cheese Curds are to DIE FOR! Yum!!
