Kehde's Barbeque
Rating: 5
Text: Loved this place.  Was in town for a golf tournament and happened upon this place.  The service was fast and we got our food quickly.  Everyone at the table of 8 enjoyed their dinner, so much we came back the next night.
  They must prepare a certain amount of food in the start of the day, because I had to substitute a meat because the had run out.  Still I can not complain.
  The place is not fancy but you will enjoy the meal.
Rating: 5
Text: We were in town visiting for a wedding and my daughter recommended this restaurant I am so glad that she did.  The food and service were absolutely amazing. I would have scored this more than five stars if I could.  The prime rib sandwich and mashed potatoes  were absolutely amazing, my wife had fried catfish which was also outstanding and my sons brisket sandwich which was unbelievable and to top it all off a piece of the BEST strawberry rhubarb pie and ice cream.  One of the top 3 restaurants I have eaten at in my life.  Loojung forward to comning back.
Rating: 3
Text: Doesn't seem to be as good as you used to be or maybe I came on an off day? I ordered the fried pork tenderloin, mashed potatoes, Texas toast and coleslaw. I don't know why they continue to waste their money on giving you toast that no one eats...I saw many plates walk by me to the trash with the bread untouched, just like mine. It was cold, greasy and tasteless. 

My tenderloin and mashed potatoes were awesome, B+! My husband had the prime rib sandwich and you can get it with one slice of meat or several slices, he choose the sliced version and it was excellent. A+ 
The only bummer were their famous french fries which are sliced in spirals and brought to the table in a basket.
 
The first basket was soggy and cool, when we asked for another one and finally got it, they were still soggy but crazy hot and fresh. But by then we were done with our food, so most of them went to waste. 
Why not check your food and make sure it's right the first time it comes out? 

Prices are decent and pies were very good, our server was annoyingly "Eddie Haskell" like and was very put out when we asked for hot fries. 
Side note: This seems to be a restaurant with about 100 seats or so...only ONE bathroom available for each gender. Ouch!
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic food and service! The train car and Missouri themed dining is fun to look through as well as hearing the train horn inside the lobby. I had the waitress and kitchen staff to choose my meal as they all sounded good. I wasn't disappointed. The place is very clean, even at its busiest. 
Rating: 1
Text: The chicken fried chicken was terrible. It has no flavoring at all. Like they didn't season it even a little bit. I had 2 bites and couldn't eat anymore, I even tried to put some salt on it because salt seems to help usually. But made no difference. They're BBQ chicken was good though.
