Kemoll's Fine Dining Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: We celebrated my husband's parents' 60th wedding anniversary last Saturday. Our party of 10 was seated with a commanding view of the Arch and Riverfront - it was a clear night, and the backdrop to our dinner was beautiful.  Between the 10 of us, we had steaks and of course, pasta. All were cooked to perfection. The waitstaff was attentive, and very friendly and helpful.  Our glasses were always filled, and we could not have asked for a more delightful evening.  Many thanks to Billy (our waiter) and to the Cusumano family and the continued tradition of excellence.
Rating: 1
Text: EXTREMELY disappointed! Will NOT go back. Made reservations to celebrate 50th birthday. Confirmed window seating at time of reservation. Phoned day of dinner to say we were running 30 minutes behind and was assured that was no problem at all…our table is ready. Arrived..NO reservation. What!??? Had cell phone confirmation to show. We should have left because it went downhill from there. They made a table for us off to the side in another room next to linen covered pub tables that were soiled. I physically moved them away from our table so not to look at dirty tables while eating. Due to our table location, service was slow. My husband and I ordered the same glasses of simple house wines and received two different types. One drinkable, the other not. Ordered two appetizers and waiter brought three. Nice up-sale! We had two starving teenage boys, so anything placed in front of them will be eaten. Three apps it is.  When ordering entrees, we asked if there were any specials or non-menu item or accommodations…we were told NO! Only what is on the menu. Really? No fresh fish selection? Anything? Nope. We were told menu items only. For dessert we were offered a slice of cake for the 50th birthday occasion but passed. We cut our losses of $450.00 dinner and would take out celebration back home to Town and Country for dessert and drinks. WE will stick to the fine choices on the Hill or in Clayton or even our corner T&C favorite. So disheartening for such a special occasion.
Rating: 4
Text: The view is the best in Saint Louis at a restaurant. Went for luch and got the burger, it was good quality meat, but was lacking something extra. The pasta side was tasty. Overall experience was great for lunch. Would love to try and go for dinner sometime.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent service, great view, great food and the price was very affordable!   Great place for a nice lunch experience.
Rating: 2
Text: Service was good. Drinks stayed full, asked us how our appetizer was, asked us how our food was. But it was the most expensive meal I've ever had in my 34 years of life, therefore I wanted immaculate food. The homemade ravioli were tasteless, yet the marinara was impeccable. I ordered filet medium and lobster with asparagus. Lobster was delicious. Steak was cooked perfectly, yet I was not a fan of the bourbon sauce. The asparagus was horrible, not crisp, the parmesan/pine nut topping sucked. He had a filet medium, yet was cooked medium well for sure. The steamed broccoli had a strong taste, and the same topping as the asparagus. I feel if I'm paying those much for a meal, the steak better be cooked perfect, sauces should taste impeccable, and the sides should be cooked differently. Views were amazing, but we will not return.
