King's Wharf Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: Everything is very fresh and the breakfast/brunch buffet is awesome. I take my Mom for Mother's Day every year.
Rating: 5
Text: Everything here tastes amazing. Service was a little slow but the food more than makes up for it.
Rating: 1
Text: Dinner-and-theatre menu is limited and quite bad.
The appetizers (except for an unremarkable ranch salad), dessert and gratuity are not included.
A bowl of tomato bisque and two desserts was $22, in addition to the cost of the meal (that was rolled into the combo dinner-and-theatre price).
The server, Abraham, was very attentive and kept everything moving well.
The salad was nothing to write home about, but the ingredients were fresh.  A lobster-and-tomato bisque was excellent, and turned out to be the high point of our meal.  Entrees were either tasteless (tilapia) or not appetizing (steak-and-bleu-cheese-salad).  The desserts were a mixed bag: the molten chocolate cake was delicious and well-made, the 3-cheesecake sampler was awful on all counts: the "regular" cheesecake (about the size of a silver dollar) was ok, but had waaaayyy too much crust in proportion to the actual filling.  The strawberry cheesecake was just plain weird: instead of a strawberry glaze or topping, the cheesecake filling itself was mixed with artificial strawberry flavoring, and then combined with a stale-pistachios-in-graham-cracker crust.  Just terrible, but not so bad as the final cheesecake: the chocolate cheesecake was bitter and powdery(!) as if they had added too much bakers chocolate and forgot to add the sugar because the chef suffered a fatal coronary.  This little time bomb was inedible.  How could the chef have served it without tasting it?  My theory is that he or she has a huge stock portfolio consisting of baker's chocolate manufacturing firms and he or she is trying to up their price by single-handedly increasing the demand for it.  Or maybe he/she is so near-sighted that the chocolate tub looked like the powdered-sugar tub.  Whatever it was, it was. just. terrible.
All-in-all, a forgettable dinner.

Rating: 4
Text: Inside the hotel so never crowded...convenient place to go before or after the theater...friendly staff
Rating: 5
Text: Excellant buffets
