Koi
Rating: 4
Text: Service was quick and attentive. The beef fried rice was amazing. Quick to get in and out.
Rating: 4
Text: Food is great! Just wish all the hibachi wasn't smothered in the same sauce... Felt like my dish (lobster tail) tasted just like my friends (steak) respect the natural flavors!
Rating: 1
Text: We sat at the hibachi grill. From the moment we got there, the woman who sat us was incredibly rude, short fused, and argumentative. Throughout dinner, she managed to fill the person's glass I was with ONCE, and just completely ignored mine, never filling it despite being there well over an hour. When it came time to leave (more so, the waitress deciding to push us out the door because she felt like we needed to leave), the waitress tried to take plates before we were done, and insist we pay, despite the fact we were STILL eating. Finally, I left the table, went up to pay, gave her my debit card and she gave it back to me with the receipt to sign. When I gave her a cash tip, she raised her voice at me telling me that I had to sign her receipt and leave the specific tip listed on the receipt. I told her that service was terrible, and she directed me to the slip of paper that was inside the black folder that said what the "suggested" tip was. I had no problem tipping the hibachi guy, but when it came to tipping her, she was undeserving of what she demanded she get; however, when I told her no I wasn't paying it, she insisted and was very combative. Never, have I ever, had to deal with such an awful experience from a waitress. The last time we were here, it was a completely different experince, and I would have given it a few more stars; however, I am glad I tried it again before recommending anyone go there. While the hibachi food was delicious, I would have to give the place a 1/5 primarily based on the service, respecfulness, and overall customer service. It was truly an unfortunate event.
Rating: 5
Text: My first experience with hibachi, really lovely presentation, the chef's artistry was wonderful to watch. We all had chicken and steak combo, very good. Wish I had talked hubby into won tons, they looked great too.
Rating: 1
Text: The chef couldn't get my steak cooked right and kept giving me piece's to try till almost all of it was in my napkin.  The people sitting next to me ordered appetizers and never did get them, even after asking several times.  Not a good experience tonight 
