Kona Grill - Carmel
Rating: 5
Text: Kona was AMAZING! We had a party of 18 to come in and celebrate our small wedding, Mandy took our reservation for 7pm. We arrived a little early but were immediately seated in the party room in the back that was already set with waters available for everyone and boosters, high-chairs and a basket for a car seat for all the kids. Mel was our server and she did PHENOMENAL!! She was fast, friendly, kept everyone's drinks full, keep the night moving along, even offered to get the kids food going first so they could get to eating. Due to her diligence with the management team as wel she was able to provide an AMAZING surprise for us as a newlywed couple and the whole table. I will absolutely return to Kona Grill, and will recommend to anyone. The service was great, and the food was outstanding! It came out quick, everything was cooked to perfection. My new husband loves nothing more that a medium-RARE steak and made multiple comments about how well his was cooked. 
It was a great experience and the whole team at Kona killed it!! ??
Rating: 4
Text: Moderately priced, great tasting sushi. Drinks are amazing here! And there are half-off bottles of wine on Wednesdays!
Rating: 5
Text: One of the best restaurants I've ever visited, love their happy hour specials and their food is fantastic. Adam was our bartender tonight he was fast, kind, and very helpful, best customer service! They have a wonderful staff at Kona Grill.
Rating: 4
Text: Food is always good. The service is reliable. Good fish and salads. The kids bento box is a great deal and cute to boot. Very loud in the evenings. Not great for conversation.
Rating: 1
Text: We tried to eat here, but it never happened. Restaurant wasn't to busy, so we were willing to wait. The greeter wanted my telephone number. I said she couldn't have it. She wanted to text us when a table was available. I told her no. We were sitting in front of her station. I was told this was the only way we would be told. We left. Great system Kona. 
