Kona Grill - Omaha
Rating: 4
Text: Went here from time to time, it's too far for us (35-45 min drive, depending on traffic) so if we go around that area, we timed it so we can do happy hours. Like the ambience, service and taste. We probably should stick to their sushi & American options because it tastes better than their Asian options like chicken satay, potstickers, chicken & shrimp lettuce wraps. Overall it's good. Explore what suits you, one person taste might be different from others. Be adventurous!
Rating: 4
Text: The food is pretty tasty. I've been to Kona a few times. It's not my favorite sushi place, but their rolls are good and they have a nice selection. They are fairly expensive and the portions are very small, so it's probably best to go during happy hour so you can leave feeling a little full without spending a fortune. The service has always been very good.
Rating: 5
Text: Sushi is good, service was great this past week.  Had wine; Conundrum for the first time here and it was so good I'm buying some for home.  The patio was plenty warm and has a nice setting.
Rating: 5
Text: Just left dinner with my family. We had the BEST food and BEST service so far in Omaha. It's our new fave and regular spot. We devoured the flatbreads, jambalaya, salmon, and calamari. Every single thing was delicious! Can't wait to go back.
Rating: 3
Text: The food is good, overpriced for what it is but it tastes good.  Happy hour prices are not anything special.  Drinks are a major rip off.  They aren't good at all.  They try to make them look like normal fancy drinks but they don't contain any alcohol or even taste good, I swear they don't even have liquor in them, if so it's like a half of a shot.  I know how to make everykind of drink and these suck.  Even the supposedly upgraded drinks taste like chain restaurant virgin drinks not worth the money at all.  Overpriced gross sugar crap they don't know how to make drinks and definitely not worth over $7.  The beer is even overpriced especially for the middle of nowhere midwest.  My advice don't waste money on drinks here and the happy hour is a joke.
