Koto Japanese Bistro
Rating: 5
Text: Both my wife and I love this place!  The food is excellent and the staff friendly!  We always have a great meal and a good time!
Rating: 2
Text: My wife and I have been eating at kotos for almost 10 years and normally I would give a 5 star rating... However, tonight warrants a lesser rating.   I knew it would be be close to closing time, so I called ahead to verify their closing time and was told it was 9:30.  We arrived approx. 15 minutes before and walked in.. The waitress went to seat us and the guy, I'm assuming her manager, stopped her and told her no.. That they were closed.  She had a awkward look on her face as he told us that they close at 9:15... It seemed to be new information to her.      I could tell that the waitress was embarrassed over it.  

Also, the last time we were there, we asked for our sushi wrapped in soy paper rather than rice, due to dietary restrictions.... Because of this we were made fun of by a couple of the employees. 

We are very displeased with our last 2 visits.
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing food, great show and an actual kids menu for our picky the year old. :) Everyone left with full bellies and smiles on our faces. Definitely will be back.
Rating: 5
Text: Kotos is great! We always receive emacculate service and our food is delicious! Even our kids love it there! It's like an adventure every time we go!
Rating: 3
Text: The food was definitely delicious! I loved the cook who made our meals right in front of us but the ONLY thing I did not enjoy was the EXTREMELY rude waitress. 
First I asked for a coke. (Unknowingly that they sold Pepsi products) she assumed Pepsi was okay without even asking me. 
Second when it was time for the check I was getting my money ready and she RUSHED me while I was trying to pay, and I quote, "are you ready to leave? We are closing. I have worked a long shift without any breaks." 
Third I paid with a 50.00 and my change was a little under 10 dollars. She never came back with my change. AT ALL. 
When I politely ask for my change, she goes "No tip?" In a VERY smart tone. Even though I did leave a tip on the table when I got up to ask for my change. 
Sorry, I will be back but I did not leave a happy costumer.
