Krueger's Tavern
Rating: 5
Text: We went their last Friday for my wife's birthday. We had appetizers at the upstairs outside bar with Brooklyn. Brooklyn was a really friendly bartender and even though she was very busy she still was able to give us Great Drinks and Outstanding Service. We will definitely be going back for a return visit. The appetizers were very good, the Beer Cheese with Sausage in it was Great!!
Rating: 3
Text: Okay place to try, wasn't impressed though. Atmosphere is great! Beer menu is extensive offering many choices; not nearly as many choices for the mixed drinks but they tasted good. Our appetizer, the hot beer cheese and pretzel bread, was great! Entrée choices were lacking tho. We each ordered sausage and neither of us were impressed, or even liked it. While I think this place is great for the atmosphere and a lunch or quick stop dinner, I wouldn't choose this as a Fri/Sat date night  eatery..
Rating: 4
Text: I visited here a couple of times. The first, I was with friends during Fan Fest and OTR was quite busy. We'd already walked in two places that had at least a half hour wait. But this place sat us right away. We weren't starved, but we needed a snack. Both sets of couples decided to just split a burger - one covered in bacon and cheese, the other covered in cheese, bacon and more cheese. All the burgers come with two patties, both of which are on the slim side and cooked well done. It was the perfect amount of food, not a bad price and a pretty decent burger. The rest of their menu looked pretty good as well, so I would love to try it again when I have a bigger appetite.

On the second visit, I returned with my father and grandfather one evening. It was busy and had about a 30 minutes wait. We all tried different sausages and quite enjoyed ourselves.

The grub is good and I'd like to sit on their roof-top patio some time, so I will definitely return!
Rating: 2
Text: So close to having an amazing experience on our first visit here. The rooftop atmosphere is awesome. Our server, Jason, was great. The food was fine despite a smaller menu. But our food took over an hour to get to us (party of 2). We had multiple 4 person families come and go before we even got our food. While Jason apologized to us many times he never offered an explanation. At the end however he offered me a free beer and said he would ask his manager to cover our bill. My wife and I had not complained at all and so we thought this was a nice gesture of Jason. However then the manager came to us and said, "I know it's taking us a long time to get your food, be patient with us". She was not overly friendly when she expressed this either. At this point she was the only frustrating part of our experience. Jason came back and said she would only take off the appetizer cost ($7) and covered my beer he gave me ($4). I truly believe she did not cover our food because we were young (23) and she knew we weren't going to complain. I hate writing bad reviews especially because this place was cool but this "manager" BLEW IT!
Rating: 4
Text: Krueger's is an interesting dining experience crammed into a multi-story shotgun. The menu is typical grastopub and excellent. The beer list is extensive. It is however all canned in honor of the namesake which was a pioneer in canned beer.
