Kumo Japanese Seafood Buffet
Rating: 5
Text: Tasty Asian buffet with lots of options and a nice selection of sushi. The service staff is very attentive. Your drinks are always topped off and the buffet is always well stocked. (No half full or empty bin here!) They even do an good job of keeping up with the "crab leg people" you always who try to eat their weight in crab legs and miss out on everything else! Lol. The weekend dinner service is pretty exceptional for an all you can eat buffet! Even at their top tier price of $24.99 I've never left unsatisfied. If you want an all you can eat Asian style buffet that is well above average, you can't go wrong here.
Rating: 4
Text: First time here and I have to say I was kinda surprised with the sheer variety that they have here! You can find everything from cooked jellyfish to orange mango chicken. They one of the largest varieties of sushi I've seen at any restaurant, and a lot things I haven't seen anywhere else. Desert selection was a little lacking, not many things that I was able to find I liked besides the crepes. Staff was friendly but you could tell some of them needed a little more experience. For a buffet it was very enjoyable!
Rating: 5
Text: By far the best Japanese/Chinese food I have ever had. There is such a variety of fresh and delicious food. Definitely not an average Chinese buffet. I 100% recommend if you like Japanese/Chinese food!
Rating: 3
Text: Most of the food was cold and the pictures aren't quite accurate. It looks a little different, but they did have good service and they make crepés. Also, they do not have whole crabs as shown in some pictures.
Rating: 3
Text: I mean it's "OKAY".For those of you who don't know about buffet food.....it's usually the cheap quality food. That's why they let you go back for more and more, lol. I know this because I've managed all sorts of hospitality businesses. So the chicken is very good, I'll give them that. They have a lot of choices for you as there is something for everyone. The sushi, however isn't all that great. If you want good quality tasting sushi, then you need to go to a full sushi restaurant and not a buffet. The staff here was very nice. I don't think I would be back though. Nothing special here. 
