Kyoto Japanese Cuisine - USA
Rating: 5
Text: Great food reasonable prices. Service is insanely efficient... They come across as a little rude but I'm pretty sure its just a cultural thing. Would much rather have the efficiency than any kind of actual interaction with my server.
Rating: 2
Text: Less than average sushi rolls. Rice was falling apart... (look at pictures, we had to empty the soy sauce dish from all the rice that kept falling apart). Rolls did not look appetizing nor was this made with freshest ingredients. We also ordered chicken fried rice and that pretty much looked how it tasted - not so great. You could tell chicken was a couple of days old. Service is pretty much non existent about the same as a Chinese buffet. On my way to the bathroom saw that they had awards from 2005-2007. So probably about 10 years ago it was a decent place. Not any more. I'd rather pay more and go to Asian Paradise or Miyako in West Chester.
Rating: 4
Text: Small restaurant, but busy on a Friday evening . Service was good and very much so appreciated. 
Enjoyed the variety of choices on the menu and the roll and tempura that we selected was pretty good.
Rating: 5
Text: Kyoto is one of the best places to go for Japanese cuisine. They have a large variety of foods to eat there, but their best food in my opinion is the sushi rolls. Everything in there is completely fresh and there are so many options to choose from, so you don't get tired of eating one identical roll. The fish that's in the rolls are top notch quality, and the taste of each piece makes you feel like you're in one of the best restaurants in the world! The waiting time varies, as the number of people and chefs affect the time. Definitely recommend it for family and friends!
Rating: 4
Text: Going to Kyoto is ALWAYS a pleasurable experience.  Much of the wait staff has been there for years and i enjoy that the whole floor is taken care of by ALL of them.  Whether you get sushi, fried rice (get the vegetable fried rice it is actually LOADED) or dumplings, everything is fresh and delicious.  The only thing holding back from 5 stars is the general ambience.  But then prices might not be as good.
