La Fuente Mexican Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: The food here is always excellent. Great new location, but needs more sound dampening. The service for the last 10 years hasn't changed. Very friendly and fast, but getting a drink refill is like pulling teeth. That's my only real complaint. Been going here nearly weekly for years.
Rating: 3
Text: I hadn't been there for a long time, and now I know why we don't go back there. The service was tremendous it was great. The food is just kind of bland for Mexican food and I'm one of those kind of people that don't like a lot of spice. New building is very pretty and they have outdoor seating on the patio.
Rating: 4
Text: Good servers, good service, food is good, but not fantastic. It's not enough to keep me from going, but it could be better if they tried just a little harder. All around, it's worth the money.
Rating: 1
Text: Employees who work there clearly have not been trained on customer service. We are from AZ and business in Mexico City. This establishment does NOT reflect the warm friendly Mexican charm we are used to. The food tells me they no competition. The overall arrogance was a total surprise. Spend a great deal of time visiting Mexican restaurants in NM, AZ and this place would be laughed at!!!
Rating: 3
Text: When this first opened in the new building it was all good. Great building, fast service, good food. That was about 8 months ago. Unfortunately the food quality is steadily dropping. Still good as an upscale Taco Bell. All the fast food type Mexican dishes are good I think because they're easy and fast. Items needing more care in preparation are not nearly as good as they were 6 months ago. We go here about once a month hoping the food quality will improve but it keeps getting worse. Last visit I ordered Chili Verde withe steak. Came to the table in less than 5 minutes. The green sauce was from a jar and just warmed up. The steak strips was probably prepared for fahitas and sitting around in a bowl for quick use. Cold and tough. Sorry but not a new experience here. If you want a Burrito, Taco, Chimi, etc and don't mind paying $10 then probably ok. If you want a well prepared dinner then go elsewhere.
