La Regia Taqueria
Rating: 5
Text: As authentic as you can get in Iowa! Wide range of options, wonderfully seasoned, prompt service. I have been consistently impressed!
Rating: 4
Text: Great tacos in a town where good Mexican food is lacking. Prices aren't cheap, but also aren't expensive; very reasonable. The service isn't great, but they make up for it in the quality of their food. Everyone who came in after we did (including us) were confused if you should seat yourself,  go to the counter to order, wait for a server, and go to the counter to pay because no one was quick to help or serve any customers. All staff are very friendly and helpful once you get their attention. In my opinion, they should remove the server component and just let patrons order, pick up, and pay at the counter. It would remove a lot off confusion and seems to be how the restaurant is set up anyway.
Rating: 5
Text: I grew up on Mexican food. My Mexican mother's kitchen always had authentic food and flavors from Aguascalientes, Mexico. I also travel to Oaxaca each year and enjoy 'la comida Mexican de Oaxaca.' So, if there is one thing I do know it's this; what is and what is not authentic Mexican food. And the first time I waked into La Regia I knew, I smelled real Mexican food there. There was no other authentic Mexican food restaurant in Iowa City until La Regia opened; The best Mexican food this side of the Mississippi!
Rating: 3
Text: This place has amazing authentic Mexican food but every time I place an online order, they don't see it and I end up waiting 15 minutes for my food. That isn't the point of pick up. Get it together.
Rating: 1
Text: As of today, I will not support this business! I waited 15 minutes for a waitress to acknowledge my presence, but instead they were all by the cash register socializing among themselves! The waitress finally came to my table, didn't ask me how I was doing, just asked," What do you.want?" In a not so welcoming voice! The Mexican customers got their orders and drinks taken care off, while the whites and few blacks that go in there didn't. The male employee at the register with the backwards ball cap was down right mean and arrogant to a male black customer, but warm to the Mexican customer after the black man. Long story short, I will never come to that place again! Unprofessional, no customer service skills and racist!
