Lakeside Hotel Casino
Rating: 2
Text: Staying here this weekend. When I arrived and checked in I was given key cards and they did not work. Many trips back and forth between the check in desk and the room and 4 sets of keys cards later I finally was able to get into the room. Check in person insisted I was using the key cards wrong. I traveled here to see my son at college and ended up missing one event while dealing with the key cards. Not a happy mom! I have stayed in the past and had a great experience, this was not. The rooms are wonderful, I have not tried the Casino. I did enjoy the buffet.

Fast forward three weeks. Reservations made the same day for this visit and the last visit 3 weeks ago. Was told at a previous visit that if I mention Graceland University they offer a discount. Last stay three weeks ago with discount, the same room was $69 per night. This time the room is $30 more per night, this visit it is $99 per night for the same room. WOW!!! Plus both visits the pool has been unusable.  I will be rethinking my accommodations in the future.
Rating: 2
Text: The restaurant, casino, and restrooms are nice and we'll maintained. The slot machines are terrible. I haven't won a dime in my last 20 or so trips. I realize casinos are not built on winners, but it would be nice to win every once and a while. Impossible to win down there. My wife wanting to go is the only reason I even look at that casino anymore. I just watch her lose her money now.
Rating: 5
Text: Lived our stay at the Lakeside Casino. Went for a friend's 21st birthday party. Had a great dinner at the surf and turf buffet, let the kids head off to the pool while we hit up the casino. We got an Executive Room and it was very well equipped. Lots of space in the room and we all enjoyed it.
Rating: 4
Text: My wife and I visit lakeside about once every other month. The buffet is usually nice and stocked. They usually have good pizza and fried chicken. Today we had a variety of items from the buffet and honestly they were all hot and we're very good. The waitress was very quick at taking the dirty plates away and bringing refills when needed.
    After we ate we went to the casino for a while and didn't really win or lose but it was nice to have some fun and get away for a while. I like that they are working on updating the machines and lay out of this casino. They have one of the better players rewards around we seam to get coupons for free play or buffet once a month. All around it was a good trip and I will for sure come back soon.
Rating: 5
Text: UNBELIEVABLE. 
It's been a while since someone really impressed me.
When I cashed out at a machine, I did not check the ticket balance before I walked away. The machine had printed the wrong amount and shorted me the last of my "Gambling" money.  After awhile of walking around, I was approached my the management, who had caught the mistake, and actually found me! He Handed me a corrected ticket and my luck got even better.
So impressed about this.
 This was such a wonderful weekend for me and my husband, besides that everyone I came in contact with was wonderful.
