Landmark Cafe & Creperie
Rating: 5
Text: Cute restaurant with a variety of menu items.  Food was very good and best described as sophisticated comfort food. Chefs are on-point with taste as well as ability to be delicate with pot pie crust, fettuccine and polenta. Service was friendly and helpful. We'd be regulars if we lived in town. Looks like a good choice for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Rating: 5
Text: This restaurant had great reviews so we tried them out and we weren't disappointed. 
The spinach bisque deserves 5? rating in itself! Also got the quiche of the day and it too was a 5? dish. Scored yet again with the coffee of the day being hazelnut and as tasty and mild as it was it scored a 5 especially good with the cheesecake of the day. All of the "specials of the day" were perfect to my liking and the place was clean, friendly staff, and fair priced. Quite and nice charm and within walking minutes of the train station.
Only bad thing is....it's a 4hr trip from home! If in town it's a must visit. Coffee and crepes, or waffles or desert. Soup and a sandwich or salad, you cannot go wrong here. Something for everyone I'd say. 
Looking forward to a return visit in the upcoming weeks!
Thank you to the owners and staff.

Well done!
Rating: 3
Text: My husband's Marguerite sandwich was excellent as was the turtle crepe we shared for dessert.  He chose chips for his side, after the waitress confirmed they were kettle cooked, but they were completely stale chips poured from a bag.  We told the waitress they were bad and she said "Oh okay" without offering a replacement side.  Spinach bisque was good but my turkey bacon quiche was bland, lukewarm, and the crust was greasy.  We went out of our way to try this place but wouldn't make the effort again.
Rating: 5
Text: Don't judge a book by its cover. 

You look at the front of the building and it's rather unimpressive. Just go in anyway. If it's nice out, ask to be seated on the patio - it's beautiful out there. 

They're known for their crepes, but don't overlook the waffles. We enjoyed the Bananas Foster waffle in particular. That rum sauce was amazing!

Our server was very nice and talked us into the waffle over the crepe option. So, she's a keeper. And they had flavored decaf coffee to compliment things. 

We ate dinner elsewhere, since we were only in town for a few hours, but reading their menu made me regret that decision. Should we find ourselves in Galesburg again, this will definitely be on the itinerary.
Rating: 5
Text: This is one of Central Illinois best dining experiences.  Located on historic Seminary Street with its iconic clock tower out front, Landmark offers an eclectic menu to serve a variety of tastes.  The chefs capture the nuances of each dish to the delight of the diner.  Landmark offers beer and wine selections to accompany the meal.. 
