LC Preserve Crossing
Rating: 1
Text: I have tried to play nice, but now I’m at the place where I just have to publicly state the many issues I have had. Between the issue with my thermostat breaking and my electric bill being 600 dollars at one point , to now the leasing office trying to prevent me from moving , to hearing my neighbors talking and their television ... I’m pissed! I’ve called corporate , emailed , no response!! So unprofessional. The only reason I wanted to move was because I needed more space. The leasing agent I’m working with to move called to get rental history and they won’t even provide it , but yet you can claim that I was late but not even provide the reason why.... I have everything in email as to why it was late ..... your manager Marci approved it because of an error on your behalf. like I’m really considering getting a lawyer.
Rating: 4
Text: I really like living here. Good location that is close to everything, well-kept lawns and just clean overall. I love the pools, but they get exceedingly busy on the weekends, to the point that you can't find a chair after 11am. The gym is great. Contrary to what I read in other reviews, our utilities were pretty reasonable (~$140 per month total). Just don't have your AC at 65 degrees and you'll be fine. My only real complaint is the outdoor music, as we live relatively close to the pools and they blast loud hip hop until 11pm+ every night, and we can definitely hear it as we're trying to sleep. Considering the cost of rent, you'd think they understand that working professionals live here, and working professionals generally like to sleep. It's not the end of the world, but it's so easily fixable that it becomes annoying. Just turn down the volume a little after 10pm, problem solved. But the staff is otherwise nice and helpful, and the atmosphere of younger folks is really great. Would highly recommend if you can find a place out of earshot of the pools.
Rating: 1
Text: Maintenance staff are super nice but the office staff are rude and inconsiderate and were a pain in the move out process. It took several emails and calls to get everything clarified and correct for our move out date. On top of all that drama there was an issue where I understand that it's my fault that I left something in the apartment upon turning in my keys. But it was only one thing left and obviously looked left behind by accident. you think they would call us just to make sure. Well they didn't and now I am out a couple hundred bucks in rare dresses. moving is stressful and sometimes mistakes happen. Again I understand I left it but you would think that after paying thousands in rent on time for 2 years that a courtesy call could be made. I hope whoever has them enjoys my dresses! 
Rating: 5
Text: I don't live here.. yet! I just took a tour and I'm super excited about this place. Their townhouse space, quality, price and location are literally incomparable! The coolest thing is their deal for rescue/adopted pets! Nobody offers that. They won me over. See you in November!
Rating: 5
Text: I have been in Gahanna Location for 2 and half years and already signed my 3rd lease. So far it has been great experience and location is great, i never lived on location like this that has everything around like this one. Maintenance is done in no time, i literally write maintenance ticket at 08:PM and next day you have someone in the morning working on it. Management and stuff are always friendly and always will come up with solution. Their manager Nicole is really really great, she was always there to help each time and to make sure everything is good. Thank you LC and keep up with the great job you are doing so far.
