Le Peep Restaurant
Rating: 3
Text: I am actually at this restaurant while writing this review. Our food is taking THAT long. It is Sunday however so some understanding there. 

After waiting 20-30 mins, our table was given to someone else because nobody thought to announce reservations to the people waiting outside. We were finally seated at a dirty table and given a pot of coffee that looked to be fresh off the dirty dish pit (it had sticky residue and straw trash stuck to the bottom). Our server did take our order quickly, but it is taking a long time to receive our food given the number of occupied tables, approx 60% seated.

I am still giving 3 stars here as their food (it has finally arrived) is very good, coffee is strong, which I like, and their staff (some are still pretty green) are quite friendly. Benefit of the doubt here, maybe they were just understaffed.

With taking advantage of some training opportunities, this place could be 5 stars easily. The young man cleaning the tables is very friendly and obviously working very hard, but could use a serve safe refresher. Our server got my order wrong, but is very friendly and attentive, son of a big deal. Hostess just needs to stick her head out the door to announce reservations. 

Overall very cute and quaint aesthetic, friendly staff and great food. I will be back but hope to see Le Peep polished up a little by then.
Rating: 5
Text: We used to think their prices were rather high, but they haven't increased their prices as much as most other restaurants.  The service is incredible, and they are willing to fix items for my special diets.  Just wished I were a breakfast person.
Rating: 5
Text: Our waitress is awesome and has great energy. Explains the menu and food is great. They said the wait was 20 min. 5 minutes later we where seated.
Rating: 5
Text: Unique breakfast items. Didn't have to wait long. Best hot chocolate I've ever had.
Rating: 5
Text: We have been to both locations now. Went to the one on Quivira today. Great food and a loved the way is was designed and decorated.  Will go back!
