Lincoln Manor Steak House
Rating: 5
Text: They didn't bring out the dressing carrier and the only desert they had was chocolate ice cream.  However. ...BEST STEAK ANYWHERE! !
Rating: 5
Text: Great service steaks were cooked just right and the drinks were strong....  2 people appetizers steaks drinks and a bottle of wine was 60 bucks..  Had a great time shooting pool after dinner...  Good place to spend an evening's entertainment
Rating: 1
Text: How I wish I could give The Lincoln Manor a good review. I don't eat beef, maybe their steaks are good enough to make up for their other shortcomings; I don't know.

I have eaten at The Lincoln Manor dozens of times, mostly because it was the only table-service restaurant in town open in the evening. Maybe if they had more competition, they would up their game.

The atmosphere is fine, though a little "grandma's living room" for my tastes. I wish they would get rid of the often sticky plastic table covers. The service varies widely, though tending toward slow and apathetic. The food (I have never had the steak, prime rib, or roast beef) is edible, but has clearly been thawed from frozen. The iceberg lettuce salad sometimes has ice crystals or rust at the edges, but not always.

My family has stopped going to The Lincoln Manor due to the slipping quality and service, and due to a specific incident in which my kids (10 & 13) and I went for a quick dinner: chicken salad, hamburger, kids' chicken strips. TWO AND A HALF HOURS later, we were billed the incorrect amount ($31 instead of $34), and were given all sorts of sass and no apology from the server. She took the extra time to void and re-ring our order, to make sure we paid the full $34.

When I went to The Lincoln Manor's Facebook page and posted all the details of the terrible experience, I got four PMs from other locals who had similar experiences but didn't want to make waves in our small town by going public. I hoped that the (new) owners or management would see my post and contact me with assurances that the server would get additional training, or (at the very least!) an apology.
Instead, my post was deleted. No response to me at all. DELETED.

The bar is usually better, has great bloody marys, but is still frequently slow with the food.

If you just need a place to stop for inoffensive and unimaginative food, and aren't in a hurry or looking for good service, The Lincoln Manor is just right for you.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent meal and excellent service with great prices!  We came away filled and satisfied!
Rating: 2
Text: Service was good, Food was awful. Lettuce salad was brown, sent back once and received second bowl with more brown lettuce. Food overall lacked flavor and seasoning could have much benefited from a little salt.
