Lindey's
Rating: 1
Text: My family had dinner to celebrate a birthday. I requested a desert to recognize the event when the reservation was made. Again, when confirmed on the phone.  That evening nothing was mentioned.  Very disappointed and will not be back. We love Columbus and enjoy the many restaurants. Unfortunately, this restaurant lacks personal attention and receptive management to correct an unpleasant experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing food and amazing service. We went for our second year anniversary and they took care of us. My wife was pregnant, so the bar mad sure to make special drinks just for us and our waiter was supper attentive to our needs. I highly recommend the steak, both the New York Strip and the filet was as well. Great place!
Rating: 5
Text: Great atmosphere. The patio is beautiful in the summer. The food is always good. If you like chocolate, I recommend the Death by Chocolate. It is the best brownie I have ever had. The coffee is really good too.
Rating: 2
Text: 2.0 star rating 11/16/2017
I am very sorry to say that the food served for this meal for two on a week night in early November 2017 was an embarrassment to me. The fact that my dining companion was an old friend visiting town and taking me out to celebrate my birthday is irrelevant. I chose Lindey's based not only on their reputation in Columbus generally, but because I'd enjoyed their bar previously and their busy happy hour a couple of times. I especially liked coming in late once before for desert and coffee. I looked forward to having a full meal with Lindey's and chose it over four other top Columbus restaurants. I talked the place up to my out-of-town friend and, although a poor meal between old friends is nothing, I thought it a shame that it would happen at Lindey's.

Here is what was wrong: 
The "18 ounce USDA prime bone-in ribeye" was neither tender nor flavorful. The meat was full of sinew and difficult to cut. The order was for medium rare, yet the steak was rarer than this. We were talking and catching up and did not realize the steak problem immediately. The food on the plate was well presented and looked tasty. After noting the fundamental problems with the meat, it was plain that sending it back as too rare would be wasted effort.
The macaroni and cheese side dish was something I would toss and cook over before serving to a child. The sauce was too thin and without much cheese quality. The pasta was cooked well. Onion straws can be a fine, simple accompaniment to steak. These tasted of overused oil and lacked crispness. We decided not to stay for desert and coffee.
I did tell our waiter about our dissatisfaction but he immediately left to bring the manager to our table. He listened to me say pretty much what I have just written although, frankly, as though he was simply waiting for the complaint to end. He expressed a pro forma regret and left. 
Our bill was adjusted $10 for "birthday," an almost comical coda to an unfortunate restaurant experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Food and service were out of this world! My waiter was so helpful to customize my order just to me. I will definitely be back when I am in the area. Thanks Lindeys!
