Llywelyn's Pub
Rating: 3
Text: Well, we used to love it here. But... yikes the last few times have been one bad experience after another.  Today will probably be the last. 1.  We were seated immediately which was nice... what should have happened was "I'm sorry ma'am I know we have tables available but we done have enough staff so it's going to be a 45 minute wait."  2.  Although we were seated, it took 20 minutes (no joke I looked at my phone) for a server to come by and ask us if we needed a drink we ordered 3 waters and a beer, we put in our order immediately.  We should have just left at this point but we figured by the time we found somewhere else to eat, would have taken longer. (Wrong).  About 10 minutes later we got our water, 5 minutes later my husband got his beer. 3. We got our food 45 minutes later... and... well it was mediocre at best. The server asked us if we needed anything else... hubs asked for another beer.  4. The icing on the cake. I handed over my cc when she was walking by because,honestly, I didn't know when I would see her again.  When handing her out card we were 95% done with our meal.  When she brought out the copy for me to sign/tip she also brought that last beer... seriously we were wrapping it up, it had been a while. I wasn't willing to fight it, it wasn't the servers fault, she was set up to fail.  She was apologetic and polite and working her ass off. Management you did this. 
Rating: 1
Text: Straw that broke the restaurants back was tonight: 20 minutes to speak with a waitress, 20 more and no drinks even served yet. Sitting on the patio at about half capacity. We left after 45 minutes and won't be back. 

My wife and I have had this same experience on several occasions, different days of the week and different hours of the day. Food is usually good, inexpensive and plentiful once it arrives. 

Coverage seems to be the issue. 

As an aside. Every beer I've ordered (and returned) over the last 4 visits (roughly two months) has been flat.
Rating: 1
Text: I will never step foot in this place again.  I used to love going there when it first opened but the last couple times I have been in the service has been atrocious.  I went there this past weekend to grab a quick drink and bite before a concert.  At first, everything was fine.  We ordered drinks which took about 10 minutes to come out and that's where it started to go downhill.  We put in an order for a salad, boneless wings and a side of sweet potato fries.  The food took about 30 minutes to come out, which was brought out by a runner.  The fries were cold but everything else was fine.  We asked for silverware and he said he'd bring some right out.  After a couple minutes, my sister went in to find some herself but could only find one.  Since she was eating the salad and I was eating boneless wings, I began eating the wings with my fingers.  Not a huge deal but still not what's supposed to happen at a restaurant.  Another 10 minutes after that, our waitress came to check on us (that's 40 minutes since she was last at our table) at which point I pointed out that I was eating with my fingers.  She said she would get me some to which I replied I only had 2 left so no big deal and we'll take our checks.  She stormed off.  5 minutes later she came back and placed silverware in front of my empty tray and asked if we wanted our checks.  I informed her that we had asked for our checks the last time she was out there and again she stormed off.  We got our checks and to my surprise, my bill had $10 wings (correct) and $12 for one beer and $7 for a side of cold sweet potato fries (incorrect).  Surely something was wrong so I found our waitress and asked if this was an error because those two prices seemed too high.  She explained that she only pushes buttons but would happily get her manager.  That was the last I saw of our waitress and from there the manager came out to talk to us.  I asked about the prices to which she explained that a higher ABV beer comes with a higher price tag...STOP.  I've gotten a 10% ABV beer before, I expect it to cost $1-$2 more than a normal beer so call it $7.  She said if the fries were cold she would make that right and take those off the bill.  In the end, that about evens out so I called it good, paid and left.  Not once did I raise my voice, use a vulgar word or in any way be disrespectful towards the staff but I spoke my mind and told them how I felt.  Now I'm warning anyone that has gotten this far to heed my advice and not go there.
Rating: 1
Text: For years my family and friends ventured here from everything to private events to brunch. Unfortunately this restaurant has hit bottom. Arrived at 11am on Sunday for brunch. Ordered three things in a row before they had the menu item available. The waitress came back out 5 minutes later to yet again apologize for being out of another item.  For a table of 6 it took an hour and ten minutes for food to arrive. As hungry as we all were we had to send back two items and that's not like our group at all. Raw burger, hairs in the breakfast hash, and Brussel sprouts were more in line with vinegar soup. The politely comped the burger. This was the only positive. It ended with a trip to the bathrooms as we were leaving and the floors were littered with empty beer bottles and glasses from Saturday night. Don't make the mistake we made.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food; fast friendly service. An excellent place for a business lunch or a group get together.
