Longbranch Cafe and Bakery
Rating: 5
Text: Delicious food and great Cafe atmosphere! They have homemade cream soda with various flavors that I recommend trying. They also have outdoor seating that is lovely when it's nice out. I tried my second ever veggie burger there after having decided long ago that I didn't like them and my whole view on them changed when I tried theirs. Simply delicious. Everything is vegetarian from what I saw on the menu. The pricing is reasonable for the amount? of food you get, too. 

The parking in the area is by parking meter only so that should be taken into consideration if you want to park close by. We went during a time when the place wasn't too busy, so we had a nice quiet dinner. It is a spacious cafe so it can seat a lot of patrons however. 

All in all would recommend to a friend! 
Rating: 5
Text: Great local place! The food is delicious and it has a nice outdoor area. The staff is knowledgeable and kind. The service can be slow depending in the time you go.
Rating: 4
Text: Fantastic food and coffee. Absolutely abhorrent customer service. The owner is a nice guy, but the majority of the workers are incredibly pompous and rude - they don't thank you for tips, they don't respond in a friendly manner, and are incredibly unsavory. It's hard to spend the kind of money they ask on their offerings when you want to punch the septum pierced lesbian taking your order.
Rating: 5
Text: My adventurous adult child & partner suggested lunch here today. When I walked through the door I immediately took im the smell of wonderful coffee! The baked goods case had beautiful selections. The three of us all ordered different items from the menu & all our selections were delicious! Very inviting atmosphere...hope to return very soon!
Rating: 3
Text: I like the restaurant, but I'm really disappointed with their vegan options. Their homemade burger patty and homemade sausage patties aren't vegan, and they don't even have a vegan cheese substitute. If they did, probably 90% of their menu could be made vegan instead of the few options they currently have. With all of the vegan substitutes out there, I'm not sure why they don't already do this. 
