Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
Rating: 5
Text: This place was absolutely amazing! First time ever eating here and have to say pizza and wings and Italian ice were better then expected. Staff was super nice. We did have to wait a little but went by fast! Our host was amazing and friendly. Have to say will definitely be returning back with the family!!
Rating: 5
Text: Best pizza! This location can get busy so let them know if you have a bigger party. The party rooms are a great option for a dinner/lunch for up to 50 people per room.
Rating: 3
Text: I love this location and will never stop coming here but this past Friday night my boyfriend and I were really craving some deep dish. It was about 8 when we got there and we were both surprised at how slow it looked. We got seated right away and when our server came up he didn’t seem too enthused we were there. Now mind you it’s not like we came in at 10:55 and took our time ordering at eating, it was still early in the night. We ordered drinks and pizza right away. He brought our drinks, threw some straws at us and quickly walked back towards the kitchen without a word.  During our entire time he probably came to our table 4 times and had our drinks empty on the table while he passed by multiple times. It wasn’t until right before our food came that he refilled our drinks. We ate quickly and left because we were trying to catch a movie. We left a nice tip but were bery dissatissfied with the service and like I said previously it was not busy. As I said before I love this location and one bad server/experience will not keep me away but I hope this server learns a little bit better customer service skills.
Rating: 5
Text: I've been to pizzerias all over the states from the East Coast to the West Coast. Lou Malnati's is definitely in my top 3. My only complaint is that at wish I would have found this place a long time ago. The servers are amazing, wouldn't hurt if management was happier. I had the Lou Malnati deep dish with spinach. It was love at first bite.
Rating: 5
Text: Oh My !!!! The Pan Pizza....
  It is the Best !!!!!
 I Always go here for my
   Birthday !!!!  They also have thin pizza too..
  Don't Forget... To order the
    Chocolate Cookie with Ice Cream.... Warm Delicious Cookie with ice cream !!!!!
   If it's Your Birthday....?
You will get a Small One Free..
  Warmed Cookie.... Oh Yes..
Ice Cream Too !!!!!
 There is a bar inside too..
  You Also can Take Frozen pizza home . Already Done..
  Enjoy.. Once you go.....
    You will go back and back...
Mmmmm.... Good
