Louisville Marriott Downtown
Rating: 4
Text: An older Marriott undergoing a refresh. Not bad, but not stellar.  Older fixtures in rooms.  Decor is a bit tired.  Great staff; very friendly and helpful.  Full-sized Starbucks in the lobby, but slow service.  Meeting rooms were fine, and food at our conference was excellent.  Ask for a view of the river and the Yum! Center...the backside of the hotel does not look out over anything pleasant other than a building with Diane Sawyer's face on a banner and an Omni they are building next door.
Rating: 3
Text: We were put here for free since the Hyatt next door was overbooked, so we didn't pay for the night. There was nothing wrong with the hotel, though the rooms did seem to be a bit dated. The shower was great. However, I don't think it was worth what a room would normally cost. The Hyatt was much cheaper and had, in my opinion, better rooms.
Rating: 1
Text: I am HIGHLY dissatisfied with this hotel. One of the manufacturing plants of our company is located in Louisville and we have frequent guests at this hotel. I booked ELEVEN rooms at this location back in September and just now got a phone call telling me they oversold the hotel and are planning on moving a handful of our executives to another hotel, TONIGHT. 

More than half of the guests are en route to Louisville at this moment and they will be turned away due to this HUGE MISTAKE.  

More disturbing is the fact that if I were to cancel the rooms I would be charged the full rate. (Per the fine print in the reservation confirmation email.) 

The representative was rude and very matter of fact. She is not willing to assist OR connect me with her supervisor. I, repeatedly, asked to speak to one but to no avail. 

DO NOT BOOK WITH THIS HOTEL.
Rating: 3
Text: First the good: the public areas were beautiful and well maintained, and our room was spacious and very clean. 
Now the bad. The bartenders in the lobby bar made pretty poor cocktails. The TV remote in our room didn't work, and the phone didn't work. Neither was ever fixed after a call to the front desk. The phone not working meant we couldn't call the valet ahead of time so we had to wait 15 to 20 minutes each time we needed our car. I tried using the Marriott app to request our car from valet since the phone didn't work, but the valet service aparrently doesn't use the app.  Lastly, the shower draining in the room above us was so loud it woke us up every night we were there. Overall it is a nice hotel, but doesn't quite live up to the excellent level of service we've always experienced at Marriott hotels.
Rating: 2
Text: Let me just get something off my chest first. I made two consecutive reservations because I was coming into town for a conference but the discounted rate was not available on the first night of my arrival. So me - being my normal thrifty self booked one night for the non-conference night (which was higher) and the next two nights at the conference rate. 

I check in and they combined my reservation at the higher rate and made me prove that I had the cheaper rate booked before they lowered it back. Uhmm Ms. Marriott ... didn't you have my reservation to begin with? YOU know I had a cheaper rate. That was tacky and greedy. So for that lack of customer service alone - you get 3 stars taken. 

Oh yeah the rooms were nothing spectacular but they were nice. First impression sucked so I'm being petty.
