Lucky's Taproom & Eatery
Rating: 4
Text: Fun, relaxed place.  Kind of tight on seating on Friday night but a group left and we sat at the bar.  
Good craft beer but you have to read a book to find one.  They have lengthy descriptions on the beers.  They state the alcohol content but not the IBU's of the beers.  Pub fare food is good and well prepared but nothing to rave about.  The Pinto Burger was cooked to my liking and had good flavor and was a large portion.  The fries were cold and were seasoned with garlic salt which did not compliment them.  
The sweet potato fries are much better.  The fish and chips was cooked golden brown.  The service was top notch and we never went thirsty waiting on a server.   Restrooms were modern and clean.
Rating: 1
Text: Food was not good (see below),  but we ordered the grossest beer any of us had ever tried and the manager insisted that we paid for it, even though we were never offered a sample. When we asked him about that, he said there was nothing he could do. "I can't pour it back in the keg." It tasted like vomit and cinnamon sticks. He swears that it is selling like hotcakes , but I'm sure it must be 1 pint at a time.  The manager has no concept of how food service works. Watch out for the short guy with a goatee, because he's an idiot. Get it together, you have no idea how to talk to customers. (I have to amend my original review and remove a star because 1 of the 2 people who actually ate when we were there ended up getting sick and it was vegan food... that's scary.)
Rating: 5
Text: OMG amazing vegetarian options. I was in town for three days and luckily discovered it the first day. I ended up having lunch there all three days and my only regret is that I couldn't try the beer because I had to work the afternoon. Fantastic. Staff was really attentive and gave great recommendations.
Rating: 5
Text: Hands down, one of the best food spots in Dayton. Creative fare, solid burgers, a range of veggie and vegan options (with their own grill top). Not to mention an extensive and well-curated beer selection. Looking for a great lunch downtown? Eat at Lucky's.
Rating: 4
Text: Myself and a group of co-workers were in Dayton on a business trip and happened to stumble into this place. It was by far the best service we had while in Dayton. The burgers were good, the cocktails weren't unreasonably priced and our server Brad was awesome!
