Machine Shed
Rating: 5
Text: We always stop on our way through town & have never been disappointed with our service or food. This last time was at a busy time & after a very short wait, we were seated & our waitress treated us as if we were the only ones there. She got out order perfect & the food was delicious. We had fun checking out the gift shop on our way out. Will definitely be back!
Rating: 2
Text: Food was great, and the place is nice. But the service I received on this visit (08/26/17), was what disappointed us. The time they took to stop by our table and start taking our drink order was unbelievably long. We had to signal the hostess to send someone to our table and she helped us. I believe customer service is in the little things. They didn't pour water on our cups and I had to do it myself and ended up spilling water. All over the table. We ordered soup, they didn't bring us a spoon for soup. Plus, when we had left overs they gave us boxes and the waitress didn't bother to ask if we needed a bag. She was definitely focused on other guests, and didn't really made much effort to provide stellar service to us. I hope this helps them improve their service. Normally they are warm and nice, so I hate to see their quality go down. 
Rating: 1
Text: I will never come here again, the cooks do not know how to cook a medium hamburger and basically served me a piece of ash between two buns. The chicken was of disappointing quality. The rolls they gave me while I waited were good though. The waitstaff was okay, our waitress did a pretty good job, but no matter how well she does, it is impossible for her to make the food here not trash. The men's restroom was filthy and is placed very far from where you eat at (not necessarily a bad thing). I'm never coming here again, since the food is overpriced and is garbage, and I will recommend that you do not come here either.
Rating: 5
Text: This particular incident our server was absent so another picked up and was great. 

The Machine Shed gets busy, so regular meal times usually means a wait. However, service is typically fast and the servers are wonderful.

The food is always top notch and portions are large. The "family style fixins" are a favorite of mine, especially and including the bread. The pork cuts are my favorite protein entree, but you can't go wrong with the chicken fried chicken/steak. The steaks are priced well and great quality. 

Definitely recommend. Great for groups and families when you've got time to wait for a table. 

PS, love the overalls. 
Rating: 4
Text: Love the machine shed.  Great food.  Great service, especially Tracy.  Just a good atmosphere.
