Madeleine's Fusion Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: We had a group of 15 and the service was excellent for a group that size.  The food was great and there were unique things on the menu that you can't find in Evansville.  The cook knew the difference between medium rare and medium for the steaks.   We only had one hiccup in the process as one main entree was slightly delayed.  The problem was quickly resolved with sincere apologies.   It is hard to handle a group of that size in an upscale restaurant but they did great.   We of course had reservations for that size of group and you would need to do so.  If you enjoy great, unique, big city food, then you must try this place.  They have an incredible wine list and rare offerings from the bar if you like adult beverages.
Rating: 4
Text: It was my first time to Madeleine's, I have to say the food  lived up to my expectations.  We had Lobster stuffed mushrooms that were  top notch, my only complaint is there should have been more than 4 smallish sized mushrooms.  Good quality bread accompanied the meal. We shared a chopped salad with blue cheese that was enjoyed very much.  My wife's entree was a salmon topped with lobster while I had a prime fillet.  My fillet was dry and slightly overdone, but had an excellent smoky flavor and nice seasoning.  I really liked the flavor, but my  8 oz was closer to 6.  The salmon was perfect.
We had a very nice server, we appreciated her when she was there, but there were far too long of waits in between each course that got much worse as the night went on.  We decided on coffee and dessert....coffee brought out.....coffee drank....creme brule (very good)finally brought out....long wait....check brought.....long wait...cash taken....long wait...change finally brought back. from ordering desert to getting out was 45 minutes, it should have been 15.  They were not busy.   It should cost them a couple of stars but I enjoyed the food enough to overlook the negative.
Rating: 5
Text: Lovely place to eat. Food was delicious.   We wished the weather weather was warmer because the patio looked beautiful.
Rating: 3
Text: Ehhh?  I guess?  2 cocktails and a beer, 2 salads, 2 steaks, 2 sides... $155.  Food was good but nothing special at all.  Potatoes au gratin was just home fries covered in cheese.  Idk.. for those prices I expect excellent food, it was good but nothing memorable.  I get there really is only this place and Cavanaughs for fine dining in Evansville, but still, doubt we will be back.
Rating: 3
Text: Holy over priced Batman! Food is good, it's just not really worth the price or the hype. Hard pass.
