Magnolias Restaurant, Carlinville Illinois
Rating: 4
Text: Great service. Home town atmosphere. It is for sale w attached church. Varied menu all American soup and sandwich lunches. If you are in town at lunch, there is something there for you.
Rating: 5
Text: This a very interesting place to go to the food is good and the prices are reasonable.  The desserts are REALLY good.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice place and food was good also. Staff was good . 
Rating: 5
Text: I eat at Magnolias at least 2-3 times a week. I love their food and the staff is super friendly. I know their incredible desserts are lovingly made on premises by Todd the restaurant owner. Over the years I've gotten to know Todd very well through our tableside conversations. I'm saddened Todd is moving to Wisconsin to care for his Grandmother. I've met his "Gram" while she was in town numerous times. I wish I had her zest for life at 89 years old. Even though the restaurant is for sale, Todd has assured me that the new owners will continue to use his delicious food recipies and continue making his incredible desserts for the patrons of Magnolias.
Rating: 1
Text: Would like to give it zero stars. My latest experience at Magnolia's was terrible. My son and I ordered Lasagna, which I've had before and it was very good. Not this time, it was runny, the cheese wasn't melted, and it taste like someone threw a lot of sugar in some Basil Prego. It was too sweet to eat. Both my son and I quit eating after a few bites, all we could take. The waitress was nice and efficient and brought us a box. I did not say anything to the waitress, as she had no control over it. I did however tell the cashier about it. He didn't even respond, just asked me to sign receipt, and then walked away. I would have been much more tolerant if they had offered an explanation, or apologized, but just ignoring me wasn't respectful. They lost a customer for life, me, my wife, and my son. I would not recommend Magnolia's as as a "good place to eat"
