Magnuson Hotel East Sandusky
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel for the price. My wife was looking for a hotel near Cedar Point (for us and our kids). Most places were over $175 a night. She found Magnuson hotel for under $100 (which is located really close to Cedar Point). The hotel is clean, rooms are big, staff is friendly. We weren't expecting a world class hotel but we were pleasantly surprised at how nice it was for the money. There's a heated pool and game room for the kids. HBO and a restaurant/ bar for the adults. Overall a decent family place.
Rating: 1
Text: I said thia place was nice i was wrong.  We had mice in our room and a bunch of people was half naked partying at the bar till late in the night couldn't sleep even if i stayed another night . but after we seen 3 mice we packed up and left. I will never go to this place and stay again. I recommend the hotel 6 down the way. They are clean and no MICE that i saw.
Rating: 1
Text: The lobby/halls smelled like a funeral home and our room smelt even worse. 2 of the 4 guests who stayed have developed bedbug rash/bites. We didn’t find any evidence of them when we first arrived but the following morning one person had a bite and several days after our departure a multitude showed up on another. DO NOT STAY HERE!! BED BUGS!!
The staff was nice and friendly though
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed at this hotel for one night after spending the day at Cedar Point. The entire place smells “old” and the rooms are severely outdated/gross feeling. It reminds me more of a sketchy motel. Dingy carpet, very uncomfortable beds, outlets didn’t work in multiple spots and the bathroom was the size of a tiny closet. We also picked up some bed bugs from this place! 2/4 of our friends had multiple bites on them and now we have to deal with the possibility that we brought some back with us. The price is okay for what you pay considering it’s extremely close to CP but beware. Would not stay here again!
Rating: 3
Text: Too noisy. Very clean. Amazing HD channels. Bad Internet. Big rooms. Very good room service. Super close to Cedar point. Comfy bed. No microwave or fridge. But so noisy I couldn't sleep from all laughter. Bad!
