Main Street Italian Grill
Rating: 5
Text: This place has really great food...PERIOD... a very relaxed atmosphere and gorgeous girls taking super great care of you. Are you kidding, better get in there Folks...no kidding. I can't wait to go and eat there again. We drive an hour each way...just to eat there.
Rating: 1
Text:    I really hate to give poor reviews, but I returned my lasagna after a few bites

It consisted of warm pureed stewed tomatoes-not baked-and a sprinkle of mozzarella poured in an unattractive heap over layers of pasta, bland ricotta(I assume. Not enough texture it flavor to tell) and even more bland sausage. The entire dish was barely warm. 

The waitress offered to have another one made, but since it would have been made the same way I declined. I realize there are vast regional differences in lasagna recipes, but they still should be hot and flavorful. This was neither.

There was no offer to comp my meal. I did tell the cashier it was the most bland and flavorless lasagna  I had ever tasted.. She tartly informed me that it was one of her favorites. Poor child.

I don't expect miracles for $11.99. I do expect to be served edible dishes and at least some concern from staff about customer satisfaction. 


Rating: 2
Text: I am so terribly disappointed in the Main Street Italian Grill. It started out great when they first opened, but the food has gotten sub-par. The last FOUR times I have gone in, the food was either uncooked, burned, inedible because it was old, or tasted like it came straight out of a can. I will not step foot back in there. What a shame - Marion desperately needs a good restaurant - and I had high hopes for this place. Don't waste your time or money by going!
Rating: 2
Text: what a disappointment, Some family had suggested it, but after eating there I think it may have been a cruel joke on their part. 

Some of the food was atrocious for the money, I had the " Broccoli and Shrimp" which I paid around $14 dollars for a bowl of cooked broccoli and around 6 very very tiny shrimp, to their credit while it was a disappointing dish due to portions and price the broccoli was well cooked. 

One of my dining companions had the opposite issue, he ordered a meat lovers pasta dish, it was HUGE but was room temperature and looked absolutely foul and tasted as bad as it looked, so he had a massive bowl of inedible slop masquerading as pasta. 

Another member of our party ordered some noodle dish that was so oily I assumed it was some sort of  gross soup. 

PROS: Friendly Service
Cons: Pasta Dishes, Cost to quality / Value, Parking

I don't recommend
Rating: 4
Text: Good food great service fair prices
