Maloney's Pizza & Wings
Rating: 4
Text: We went for bike night last Wednesday night, the atmosphere was fantastic. I will definitely return for the bike nights. Only complaint is that even though it was busy, that doesn't excuse lack of decent customer service. The staff seemed like they didn't much care to be there and annoyed at the people/event going on. We ordered two Pepsi's (reminded our waitress twice and busboys once) and they weren't delivered until after our meal came out.
Rating: 2
Text: Unfortunately the service at the restaurant is bad at best and terrible most other times. Most of the time it seems like we wait 10+ minutes alone for drinks to arrive. Placing an order is usually another chunk of time. 

Last time my wife and I went it was an hour from sitting down to getting our food (simple orders too that shouldn't have taken that long). 

The food is pretty average but for the price I'd expect a little better quality. Usually a fan of getting pizza and an appetizer and most trips I question why we didn't just go to a pizza place. 

I gave two stars vs one only because I'm sure I'll continue to go every once and a while, I do like the atmosphere. But go expecting little and I'm sure you'll be satisfied.
Rating: 1
Text: Last time I wa there, employee used dirty mop and or dirty water to mop floor at close. Smelled really bad. Hard to enjoy food. Mgrs and employees noseblind to it.Have experienced this at several places. Please use clean water and rinse mop. Not that hard. Mgrs should ck this.
Rating: 3
Text: Not my favorite dine in pizza. Food wasn't bad. They do serve alcohol, if you like that. They seemed understaff the last time I was there. They have done a nice remodel since I was there the first time. If you like sports you will probably love it there.  Over all the staff was very friendly. 
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place, Kelsey kicks ass, never have to wait on a beer. Also my dude Adrian, and Katie love these guys. Kitchen staff kicks ass, and even like the manager's Sonny and Chris.
