Mario's
Rating: 4
Text: Old world Italian. They have specials on game night and shuttles. Old school service with tuxedod servers. You can go business casual or dressed.  Great for groups or you can go solo. They have a romantic fireplace.
Rating: 5
Text: The food here is excellent and it's  served family style! We reserved a room in the back as we had a large group. Service was great with several servers attending to our party. Cozy atmosphere. The walls were decorated with framed and signed pictures of the cast of musicals that had come thru town. They have metered parking on the street or you can valet for $5 in their lot across the street.
Rating: 1
Text: Absolutely disgusted with our "service" we came in for our 1 year anniversary dinner. Got seated at 8:43 we didn't receive water until 8:50, at 8:52 I asked for a manager and no one came back till 8:55 when we were leaving. The manager said to the waitress "let them leave" the waitress politely asked us to stay and she would help us. But why would we stay for service that we waited 15 minutes for? We have been previous. We definitely will not return. Too bad the food is always excellent. However the poor treatment is never needed. As we waited for our server we were looking up restaurants with reservations near by. You'd think someone would scurry over to us. NOPE! Don't go!
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointed. The salad was soggy. My soup tasted good but was lukewarm. The place to me was dirty the carpet must be 100 years old. I enjoy going to real Italian places when I get in the northeast.  My suggestion--don't go. Find a better place. Will never return.
Rating: 5
Text: The chicken Alfredo and veal spiedini are excellent.  They provide antipasto tray, pasta, and minestrone soup with your entree.  Been coming here for many years.  
When I was 22, a waiter named Achile treated me like a kid at first.  After I asked him how long he had been working here we got along fine ?.  Later on, he was my go to guy for many parties.
If it's your first time, give them a chance to show you why they are still in business after 70 years.
