Mariah's
Rating: 1
Text: Food: On multiple occasions the food has comes out either not as ordered, at different times than others at the table, or vey cold. If ordering a appetizer I suggest doing it right as you sit down or else the kitten staff can easily be unorganized which results in the appetizer arriving at the table after the main course. If your food comes out cold (STEAKS ESPECIALLY) do not have them re-cook the meat, many times as a way to tell if the meat is warm in temp they do not use a tool but rather their finger!!!

Service: Before even eating check silverware!!! More than one time I have unrolled my silverware only to find dried leftovers from the previous meal. If trying to get something as simple as an extra ranch I do not suggest asking any server that is not your own. Many times they say they will be right back with that or will tell your server yet that seems to not be the case. 

Management: I Have heard nothing but negative remarks about the general manager from past employees, describing a typical work day as consisting of constant being talked down to as a toddler or yelled at with multiple curse words and derogatory comments. 

Do have good Jar Drinks
Rating: 2
Text: I've only heard good things about Mariah's... Our 2 steaks were cooked wrong, the loaded baked potatoes didn't come with sour creme or butter, and the 1 refill I received wasn't the same drink. The waiter only responded with "I mess the steak orders up a lot. Maybe it was a fluke but I won't find out, not going back.
Rating: 2
Text: Service stunk and we were charged more than what shows on the menu. Potato soup was not how I? ordered it and the service person admitted it was her fault. Then it was so thick it wasn’t soup, more like eating a piece of cake. Sad
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent experience with scrumptious New York Strip that was cooked just right. Waiting staff was attentive and professional. A great place to stop for good dining.
Rating: 5
Text: Everything was spot on for a group of 30.  Breakfast and lunch were excellent as always.  Staff is super friendly, will definitely go back.
