Marquarts Landing Inc
Rating: 2
Text: Dirty tables, broken stools, sticky everything including glasses. Outsides is bad to. Flies flies flies,. I think someone needs to donate a power washer to the fund so they can clean the place once a week. Or maybe open a go fund me page for new tables and chairs inside. Yuck!!!! Bless their hearts they need some help.
Rating: 3
Text: Good place for watching sports and very nice position by the Kathy Trial and the river. Nice outdoor dining. The staff is always friendly and smiling! Food is okay, nothing special tough.
Rating: 1
Text: We have been visiting Marquarts for years as they have great pizza. Today,  I decided I wanted a Hawaiian pizza for dinner for my birthday at Marquarts. We drove an hour, parked the car, went in and sat down. Immediately we were greeted by the waitress. I asked about what Missouri wines they had available...and hence the start of the bad review. We were told that they no longer made Vignoles (that Missouri no longer made the wine). Now we are lovers of Missouri wine and KNOW Vignoles wine is still produced (we know wine makers). Our response "They don't? Yes, Missouri does. Which winery do you get your wine from? (I asked several times). The lady said rudely "They don't make that wine anymore" walked away saying something we could not make out. Then very loudly to another patron at the bar looking straight at us she said "He is a piece of s*%t". Well that was uncalled for and in an establishment with customers one NEVER says things such as that. We will not be visiting again and telling our friends about this experience. I now give this place 2 thumbs down!!
Rating: 1
Text: Terrible place. I feel unsafe now to even go there. The bouncers would rather allow someone starting problems to continue to drink in their establishment instead of kick them out. Way to lose buisness. I'll never give a good reference or come back again. Also I'm pretty sure it's a felony to pretend you're the police station when I call the bar to place a complaint.
Rating: 5
Text: Gourmet burger and slaw were delicious. The atmosphere js nice and you can eat and drink inside or outside on the patio. Music starts at 4pm.
