Martini Italian Bistro
Rating: 3
Text: We have enjoyed previous visits. Tonight our appetizer, spinach cheese dip, my dish veal parmigiana had a slight burnt smell and taste. The table host never returned to the table concerning our meal.
Rating: 5
Text: Never disappointed.   Krista, thank you --you're awesome.  The good, service was great!!  Always a pleasure to return.  My friend from out of town (KC/K) was pleasantly pleased?.
Rating: 3
Text: Great atmosphere, service was a little behind but very polite. Food had a good taste but was served slightly warm.
Rating: 5
Text: We came down to Louisville to meet up with our daughter who is serving in the military.  Since it was also her birthday we wanted to take her out to dinner so she chose Italian food.  What a great place.  We went here in a Sunday, no reservations and we were taken right away.  We sat outside and it was very pleasant and comfortable with the ceiling fans.  They have a large selection of wines to choose from if you wish to order.

Our waiter, Arthur, was very nice and explained how the foods were prepared and could be made to order.    Home made bread and dipping oil was served, too.  We shared a prosciutto melon appetizer which was perfect for three.   I had the veal parm, my wife a chicken dish, my daughter the shrimp pappardelle.  Plenty of food for everyone.   They then surprised the birthday girl with a peanut butter, fudge, ice cream pie that was spectacular.  What a great experience.  Thanks!!
Rating: 2
Text: Very mediocre.....I have not visited for several yrs....received a coupon thu school fun raiser...what a disappointment!The ambience as alway is wonderful. But ,the quality of the food served.....is truly the sign of a food chain. Starting with the appetizer....mussels...served not with warm bread , but CROUTONS. Please....that is Slap in the face . Ordered a glass of house pinio....1/3 full glass at a cost of 10$....for House.....Ordered filet....after discussion or med-rare came back extremely rare. When returned to table ...meat on a plate...no sides. That's less than nice.....I do remember when the restaurant 1st opened in the summit...impressive food...everything was amazing. You have lost your "flare"....you need to step it up.....I can get this anywhere.
