Martinis Steak & Seafood
Rating: 5
Text: Here again! (10/16/17) Food is great (STILL) staff very helpful and courteous, comparable prices and their 5 dollar ($5.00) Yes, five dollars! It's absolutely wonderful! I do love this place! And still do!
Rating: 5
Text: We hired Martini's for Catering/Beverage for our wedding. They were simply amazing. It was an offsite venue that was challenging to work with, and caused a lot of changing plans, but they were seamless in every detail, a solution for every hiccup. 

The Food was Amazing, the Bartender was great!

Sophie was great to plan with, really knew her stuff and responded quickly and reliably to every question. 

Kelley Executed perfectly, even with all the issues with the venue.

The Staff was amazing...

And then there is Louie His food was spectacular, the guests still talked about it for days after. He also went above and beyond in so many ways, from helping a guest that was in a wheelchair to staying for the whole event because the DJ would not move his Van. 

I really have so much to say, but i don't think i can give enough gratitude or praise to Louie, Sophie, Kelley and all that were at the venue.
Rating: 3
Text: Oysters Rockefeller are not it at all. They were cooked with some sort of cheese topping. It was...meh. The decor is old and the table was sticky. There was live music which was nice. The wait staff was very pleasant too. The dirty martini was decent.  
Rating: 5
Text: Usually come here for drinks, but they have rockin mozzarella sticks. They also have good dinner options. Their small prime rib was quite large, so heads up.
Rating: 2
Text: First the waitress was great. Very nice and accommodating so this is a comment about the food. Came for lunch ordered a Patti melt.  This was a greasy, slimy  mess. Usually safe ordering a Patti melt anywhere. Hard to mess it up but this chef managed. Onions barely softened not quite clear yet. Not caramelized at all. Swimming in grease. The meat ordered medium was undercooked and all on grease soaked bread. 
I will say the salad and soup bar was a great value for a 1 dollar add on. Nice atmosphere and good prices on menu. Could be a really nice place but they need a chef who can at least master the basics.
