McCorkle's
Rating: 1
Text: I'm not sure why anyone would eat here twice. The food was bland and warm, the service was slow, and the smell of old cigarettes permeated the non smoking section.  Once you glanced into the kitchen any hunger you felt immediately disappeared. The black moisture dripping down the walls and food caked floor insured you leave hungry. I can only hope the itchy fellow in the kitchen was not directly involved in food prep. 
The waitress seemed annoyed and inconvenienced that customers actually came to this nearly empty restaurant. The menu was not only large but outdated with  many items no longer available to include the drink supplier. Quality is obviously not important to the manager or owners since it's one of the only places in town but the residents should insist better.
Protip:  Spicy fried chicken wings are not hot wings. Hot wings are not breaded.
Rating: 3
Text: Their food is pretty good. Most all the waitresses are friendly, accurate and prompt. But the daytime weekday bartender, Meeker, is an uppity, clicky, mean and hateful female dog, that is allowed to run the place. So if she doesn't like someone, they won't get waited on, and she'll do her best to degrade you to your face and feels the need to make others dislike you too. I will NEVER go back on her shift and have been told by others who frequent there that they know not to get on her bad side. I know others have had similar circumstances with her, and am sure they've lost good customers. The owner is nice. But the owner obviously doesnt care to address the issue.
Rating: 2
Text: Always have to wait forever for your food, which may or may not come out over cooked. The servers usually do a good job, Im guessing the cooks need some more training.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food. Great atmosphere. Love the game room...
Rating: 4
Text: I rarely go in there but when I do it's usually after City Council meetings and the bartender there of the server room from the bar is an incredible person
