Melt Eclectic Cafe
Rating: 5
Text: I love Melt. I personally enjoy several of the sandwiches and they have great sides that aren't just French fries like everywhere else. Buffalo Mac is where it's at. My girlfriend is also Gluten Free and vegan and they have so many options for her. I know we will both be happy after eating here. If you want a cocktail you will find some great recipes for whatever you are in the mood for. Also the Ginger ale is freaking amazing if you wanna skip the booze.
Rating: 2
Text: Bring back the old melt. :( Part of what was so great about it was the atmosphere. Now it's just like every other "trendy" restaurant around. There is no charm. The food was okay. Mine came out cold, though. Our server was awesome and easily the best part of our experience there.
Rating: 4
Text: Delicious food for vegetarians with options for everyone. Mainly sandwiches that come with tasty corn chips. Very bright and easy to have conversations. Service seemed overwhelmed for late lunch on a Friday. Would have liked more dessert options, but not a deal breaker. We'll definitely be back.
Rating: 3
Text: Very try hard. Old melt was vouch better. This has vegan options, previous melt catered specifically to melt. 

Puts too much emphasis on their cocktails. I don’t care if Molly Wellman designed drinks - they’re over priced and at the end of the day just a drink. 

It is a nice new building but it’s far from the glory days of the original melt. This one has lost its soul.
Rating: 4
Text: Never been to the old Melt but I like the upgrade!! I heard lack of seating was a problem at the old place but that's not a problem here with the spacious interior...and they serve alcohol here now too.
I started with a bowl of the black bean chili with white cheddar and it was delicious! The chili was sweet with some heat and the cheddar gave it a nice creamy finish. My lunch date got some good creamy potato soup and that it was. I also got a Verde chicken sandwich that was worth the price. It had roasted chicken with articokes, pesto, sun dried tomatoes & Swiss. The chicken was tender & flavorful, and you could taste each ingredient throughout the sandwich. It was served with some tasty blue corn chips. My date had a slowly roasted brisket sandwich that delicious as well. It was a good meal at nicely furnished place with a lot of charm. Great place for a date, meeting, whatever your heart desires!!
