Meridy's Restaurant & Lounge
Rating: 5
Text: Day two of traveling home to Colorado from Alabama and we needed something to eat. We don't eat fast food but wanted hot food so we gave this place a try. The waitress was wonderful and very helpful as well as patient with us. At 4 p.m my daughter was able to get a veg omelet. (She is vegetarian) It was huge and filled with fresh veg! She was very thankful. Everything was cooked fresh, was very good and was just what we needed! I highly recommend this place if you are traveling. It doesn't look like much on the outside but the hospitality inside makes up for it. It is just off of the interstate and has parking for vehicles pulling campers which is hard to find.
Rating: 5
Text: A great down home country restaurant. Stopped here because we were tired of fast food franchises. Walked in and was immediately drawn to the terrific buffet. Wonderful salad makings as well as oodles of fried Chicken, shrimp, fish, onion rings, lasagna. Delicious. Very friendly people.
Next trip thru Kansas will definitely include another visit to Meridy's. They serve the buffet every day starting at 10am.
Rating: 4
Text: Food was great! However, I went into the men's restroom and it really needed to be cleaned! That's really the only problem I had with it. I realize they were very busy so I didn't say anything at the time, but I also don't think it just happened that day.
Rating: 3
Text: My hubby and I have been driving all day and we found this place on an app we use to help us locate mom and pop truck stops. Its hard to find places we can get a 70 foot semi in. We get tired of fast food all the time so it's nice to have home cookin'. We got there about an hour and a half before they closed. The buffet was being cleaned up so we ordered from the menu. I got the beef sandwich and mash potatoes with gravy, it was delicious! The price was decent too. Hubby got the shrimp basket...Holy Toledo! It was amazing! The shrimp were plump and  deep fried just right, tails removed so no fighting for that piece stuck. Excellent food! Decent prices on most of the stuff, some was a little pricey. The reason I gave it three stars and not five is because the service was unexceptable. No refills and the glasses are small, our server passed our table at least 3 times without checking to see if we needed anything. Then we waited about 15 minutes to get our box and our check. Just sitting there wondering what was going on. I'll give this place another try. Maybe the waitress was having a bad night...I hope next time is better.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice place! Food was great, waitress was attentive and friendly. We just barely beat the rush, we had the buffet, it was clean and fresh. Nicely run restaurant, easy to see why it remains busy after all these years.
