Mi Pueblito
Rating: 1
Text: This used to be a great place to eat
We arrived at 8:30 p.m. & hardly any customers. Looked like they were about to close. While the food was great, the service was not at all. Waiter acted like he didn't know what he was doing & it took FOREVER to get served & get our food to the table. Very disappointed!
Rating: 1
Text: Service was terrible. Food was equal to the service. Never again
Rating: 2
Text: We were there on May 5th what a disaster. We sat at the bar and had to listen to the bartenders and some of the staff argue and cuss each other, to make matters worst my food was cold they re heated it in the microwave bad thing was they nuked the lettuce and I got it when the person I was with was almost done with their food.Come to find out that s buddy of minds son was working there that night, in a different side of the dining area and had a very rude table of young adults they gave him so much grief that he was told by the assistant manager to step a ride and take a breather .The manager step in and told him to leave.To this date he hasn't  work there since because of the coward of a manager he should be the one let go.I have been there a lot and witness his rude and unprofessional  attitude towards paying guest what a joke he is.I won't be back.Funny tho g is I've got a video of the rampage that went on behind the bar.
Rating: 5
Text: Loved it , food was good .
Service was great even though our server was also handling a huge group as well as the rest of here area .
Rating: 1
Text: My overall experience was a total bust. Me and my daughter's arrived shortly before 7pm only to wait 10 minutes to be seated. My girls both ordered from kids menu which includes a drink. I had to send one kids meal back twice while feeding her half of myeal during the wait only to get my bill and be charged an extra 5 for their drinks which come included. Not one time did anyone try and make my experience better but only act like I'm the one who was in the wrong. I even explained to the obvious manager/ owner my experience and he brought the waitress to argue with me over the drinks. I said the drink we're includes in the kids meal and she replies...well the drinks were not in a kids glass too which I reply...well why didn't you put them in a kids cup...just a horrible experience and I will never ever recommend mi pueblito or quad to anyone ever again. In fact I will make it a point to not recommend them as a trusted Mexico dinner...I'll just send them to the real deal Mexican...la perlita on 22nd! It's as authintic as they come.e and the staff is more than willing to take care of any problem...which are commonly ZERO! Thanks mi pueblito for sucking as consistently as you have for a long time. Your lucky your horrible customer service is standard for any fake Mexican restaurant like yours. #mipeublitosucksmexicanass
#nottherealmexicandeal
#mipueblitosucksass
AND IN TYPYCAL KADY FASHION I STILL LEFT THE SMART ASS SERVER A TIP...WHY??
