Miguels Pizza
Rating: 1
Text: This is a great place to eat but they allow people to put obscene stickers on the guard rail out front.  I watched several children look at this and mentioned it to the guy who brought our pizza out.  He basically made it into a joke since it was against President trump then several workers began making fun of me for wanting the sticker down.  We go every two weeks and get a carry out and go to the pavilion to eat with the kids.  I though feel that since I am a local person my business was not wanted there.  I just ask them if they knew it was there the political spectrum was not even in question just the curse words on the sticker.
Rating: 5
Text: The Red River Gorge is a great climbing vacation for anyone, and I can't think of a better campground for climbers than Miguels Pizza. It is only is couple bucks a night and you get access to the pizzeria, a large dining area (that is also a good place to store some of your belongings, climbers are very trusting of each other), bathrooms, and some sinks that you can use for filling water bottles or cleaning dishes. If you ever need anything for your climbing trip, there is a convenient gear shop on site that has almost everything you need. This is the most perfect campground I have ever been to and worth the trip.
Rating: 3
Text: This is a very unique place.  It's not pretty but it's not made to be that way.  It's a perfect VERY casual place to hit after a long day in the outdoors.  When you get there you will see plenty of hikers,bikers, off roaders and sportsmen.  Good pizza at a responsible price.
Rating: 2
Text: Get your pizza here, but camp elsewhere.

They are just packing way too many people into the campground for the facilities to handle.  The bathrooms are insanely disgusting (at least the men's room anyway) and you have to put your tent pretty much touching everyone else's.  

There are quiet hours after 11pm, but there isn't anyone to enforce it so the loud, drunken a-holes pretty much just do what they want.

If you want to be up all night partying, this is the place for you.  Otherwise....Grab your pizza early and leave.
Rating: 5
Text: IF YOU ARE IN THE AREA, GO TO MIGUEL'S PIZZA! The food is fantastic, from their original pizza to their pasta bowls and even their breakfast burritos, everything is fully customizable for everyone. As a climber, you are even more obligated to check this place out because of their Gear Shop which has an amazing selection of all equipment as well as cabins for rent. The camping is climber only but only costs a couple dollars a night! Bring a hammock or tent and set up in the tent city or park your van in the lot and hit the crag in the morning after a quick shower or breakfast in the pavilion! So many great improvements to this classic climber friendly spot over the years!
