Minsky's Pizza Lee's Summit
Rating: 4
Text: Stellar food every time. This is our favorite “ go to” for pizza when family is in town. It’s always a hit with family from Baltimore to Seatle, South Dakota to Texas and all of those in between! It’s always proportioned correctly and cooked just right. More enthusiasm from the staff would up this rating to a five!
Rating: 2
Text: Tonight I was quite surprised!! We came in and ordered a pizza to go,  the young lady at the register was as I am accustomed to, very friendly and helpful, she said it would be 20 to 25 minutes before the pizza was ready, so we said we would go have a beer. We get to the bar and the bar is nothing short of filthy,  so we didn't touch it, we waited for a few minutes before I got up and went to the front desk and asked if this is a self serve bar, and the young lady said no, I am the bar tender. So she came around and ordered a beer. The thing that bothered me most is she served it on a filthy bar, so I had to ask her to clean it, and she did. To me that is so basic, you don't swerve your customers on dirty tables or bar. So I was almost finished with my beer and told my son to go ask how much longer, so he did, it was ready, they just didn't tell us.
This is not the experience I have had in the past. Maybe to few employees and to many young kids behind the bar. This was a disappointing visit, our pizza was cold by the time we got home and we only live 3 miles away. 
Rating: 4
Text: Had a very horrible experience at the L.S.MO location a few years back. Totally unprovoked bad attitude by both staff and especially the Manager. Rude to straight up mean and nasty service for no reason at all. Behavior was completely out of line. We vowed to never go back to that L.S. location again. 
Fast forward to last July, we had a function in town. Many out of town people wanted Minsky's in L.S. Except for us local L.S. people that were still jaded by the rude service. We all reluctantly went anyways. Had a party of 30. Hostess had deer in headlight look when we said 30, she stuttered something and disappeared in the back. Nobody working there looked happy to see us. We got worried about getting bad service and almost left. However, one employee jumped up and took charged. Believe her name was maybe Mel? Or something like that.. She got the back room opened up for us, got everyone seated with drinks, she had a great attitude. Got the pizza orders and set it all up like a buffet. She and the couple of other waitress did outstanding job taking on a walk-in party of 30 like that, and with a very friendly attitude and great service. Mel did such a great job that she redeemed the L.S. Location for all of us.  Which is good, because we always liked Minskey's food, it's was just the uncalled for bad experience that ruined it for many years. We will give the Lee's Summit location a second chance, because of employees like Mel.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a really nice Minsky's location! The pizza here is awesome. We always get the Papa Minsky's pizza with honey wheat crust! This location even has a gameroom. The bathrooms here are very clean and we sat in the bar area and were waited on quickly by the bartender.
Rating: 5
Text: Ive been eating here since I was a little boy. Love the owners and love the pizza. You cant go wrong with anything here. I love the new thai pizza, the peanut sauce is phenomenal.
