Mitchell's Fish Market
Rating: 5
Text: This place is amazing in every way. The service was exceptional, the food was delicious, the atmosphere was delightful, they were very accommodating, and the food was prepared promptly. I cannot say enough good about this place! I live 4 hours away, but I will return and dine with them again!
Rating: 2
Text: My mother and I have out birthdays two days apart, so we usually go out to a nice dinner on the day in between.  We went here for that reason a few years ago, and were pleased. so we decided to go back again tonight.  Unfortunately, we were not impressed, moreso because there were a maximum of perhaps 5 tables in use at any time during this visit around 8PM on a Tuesday.

The server disappeared for an extended time after taking our orders.  Our appetizer was not delivered, and suddenly, shortly after she reappeared, our food was brought out.  She asked about the appetizer, and seemed surprised that it had not been brought.  Additionally, during this time my drink was not refilled.  It seems as though keeping tabs on whether we have received the appetizer in a timely manner would be part of the server's job.  To her credit, she at least assured us it would be taken off the bill, and it was brought out a short time later with apologies, still comped.

My mother's fish was warm, but not hot, and had clearly waited for some reason in the kitchen.  Likewise, my fish, scallops, shrimp, and fries were clearly not immediately fresh, and contrary to the description, the breading was rather heavy and oily.  Additionally, my meal was delivered missing the hushpuppies and mashed redskin, and I had to ask for these to receive them.

Finally, I felt that the server was less attentive than should be expected during slow times, and was often waiting for a drink refill.  The visit was disappointing, to say the least, especially for what was planned to be a good birthday dinner for the both of us.  it was doubly so considering how good it was previously.
Rating: 4
Text: Food was very good as well as the server.  He apologized for the delay.  Only fault was it took a long time to get our food ? to the table.
Rating: 4
Text: Great food. Usually come once a month. Please bring back the Brie appetizer!!!!!!!!  Vegetarians like Mitchell's too. The Brie keeps them coming. Aka, our friend!!!!  Thank you please. Btw, the bread is also delicious. Perfect crust with a nice soft inside. Drooling
Rating: 5
Text: Manager, Jessica Rose is great.  Jennifer  the bartender has been great too. The food is good as always. A very good experience overall. Jessica Roses and Jessica always makes us feel very welcome.
