Moe's Cantina River North
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible customer service. I was told no cocktails after 10pm. I was trying to get drinks at the bar. The female bartender said don’t stand right there and didn’t serve us. It is so many great places in chicago and this isn’t one. AVOID this place.  It’s unusual to have no cocktails after 10pm for bar in chicago. I was told they had $3 tacos. Went to purchase but was told CASH only.
Rating: 1
Text: I don't usually write reviews on google or Yelp, but I feel obligated to do so after the horrifying customer service my fiancé and I experienced here on Saturday. I'm disappointed that the lowest rating I can select is 1/5, because that is far too generous.

My fiancé ordered the lobster tacos (comes with 2). They came with part of the shell on the side as decoration. She eats her first taco just fine. Then she bites into the second taco and injures herself because the shell was still on the lobster.  Our waitress let the kitchen know and the response was "that's how we make our tacos". So we asked to speak to the manager, who responded by:

1. Reiterating that "that's how they make their tacos".
2. Saying that we were supposed to disassemble, inspect, and remove the shell from the tacos before eating.
3. Repeatedly implying that we were weird for not disassembling and inspecting the tacos. He kept repeating "this is the first time anyone has had a problem with the shell in the taco". 

After denying our request to comp the tacos multiple times, he eventually agreed to comp half the order! (Since one of the two tacos didn't inflict physical harm)

What a joke. There's no reason to ever come here; there's plenty of great (and friendly) restaurants/bars in the neighborhood and I'd recommend going to any one of them instead. 


Rating: 1
Text: Your reservations at this place mean nothing. Last Saturday I made reservations for 4:15pm for my daughter and I. We arrived there right after 4 and the place was closed, even that on the door it says that they open at 4pm on Saturdays. We, along with few other people, stood outside and watched staff walking around inside getting the place ready. At 4:20, a lady came outside to start to set up outside. When I asked her what time are they going to open, she said - being very rude, as if I am bothering her "Maybe in 10 minutes or maybe in 45 minutes, I don't know". I said "it says that the restaurant supposed to open at 4, I have reservations at 4:15 and it's already 4:20. You should not let people make reservations if you are not open or don't even know what time you will be opening". She looked at me and said, "talk to the manager" and walked away. No appoligies, very rude. Will never go back there again. That is not how you treat customers. The manager should have been outside apologizing to the guests
Rating: 5
Text: Great vibe, stays open later than a few other nicer bars in town. The staff were excellent, willing to accommodate to my every need. A beautiful interior, with excellent decor and bar arrangement 
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful girls serving alcohol.   Great real state.  Huge place.  They do have a special on tuesdays to eat tacos.   Do not miss it, it is very good price.
