Molly Malone's Irish Pub & Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: Split fish & chips with my lovely bride. The draft beers were cold and tasty. I enjoyed the deep-fried fish, my wife did not, so if you're "fat-intolerant", beware! The server was super, the kitchen prepped the food quickly.

Parking was do-able, especially if you know the area. We parked about a block away.
Rating: 4
Text: I was able to work with this VENUE for an Open House I was asked to present for Secret Ireland Tours.  We used the upper room.  It provided the atmosphere that added to our theme and had a stage available to us for the music that would entertain the guests.  The staff were great to work with.  I will definitely return!- Events by Rosanne
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place. Go there once a month for a gathering. We get the 3rd floor and there's always someone at the bar waiting on us. It's nice. The food is fantastic. Good pricing.
Rating: 5
Text: If you're looking to host an event somewhere, do not look any further. You won't find a better price with the most amazing service and wonderful food than here. We had an engagement party here and I was beyond impressed. The staff was attentive, friendly, patient, adaptable and made us feel like royalty. I really can't imagine hosting an event anywhere else. I'm so so so impressed. Thank you Molly Malone's for making this evening rememberable and one for the books.
Rating: 1
Text: The food was good and the waitress was nice but the customer service from the bartender was horrible. My husband was playing music when a lady who didn't want to hear his music played a 30 minute song and when he didn't get to hear his by the time we were ready to leave I went up and asked if we could get a refund and he said his music was disturbing everyone and she has a right to play music too even if it's a a half hour song... and there is a number on the side of the machine we can call. Thanks for not caring about all your customers. Sadly this is probably the last time we'll eat here OR recommend you to others
