Momocho
Rating: 3
Text: Maybe it was the night we went, but.... waitstaff was nice enough. They just were not around nearly enough. Took a LONG time to be approached after being seated. Food took a LONG time, as well. Food was good, just quite slow. On a 75° sunny Sunday evening, having more than one waiter on the patio is probably a good idea. Patio is a wonderful space, though.
Rating: 5
Text: Award winning Mod Mex restaurant. Great food and margarita selections are awesome. I recommend the Cucumber, Blood Orange, Bell Pepper, and Spicy Mango. Selection of food is tapas style. This isn't the taco, burrito, enchilada place I'm used to seeing in Cali. A fresh change that we enjoyed.
Rating: 5
Text: This was a great restaurant to stop and eat at while I was in Cleveland. And I think it may have been the reason I've been converted to a guacamole lover.

The restaurant is located in the trendy Ohio City neighborhood. We came here on the recommendation of my brother in law, who had been here before. It certainly didn't disappoint! 

We started with the guacamole appetizer which had three different types of guacamole. We got a spicy guacamole, a blue cheese guacamole, and a goat cheese guacamole. I know. These all sound very gross, but I assure you, they were divine! I especially loved the goat cheese guacamole. 

We also got a salsa appetizer. The salsa here is fresh and the chips are delicious. Not too salty, and they didn't get soggy when coming in contact with the salsa which is key to a good chips and salsa experience. 

I ordered the scallops for dinner and they were pretty delicious. I loved the sauce they put the scallops in. 

The service was on point here. The water cups were endlessly refilled and our server was very friendly and answered any questions we had. 

Definitely a great spot for Mexican food. in Cleveland!
Rating: 5
Text: The drinks were amazing, the guacamole was the best I've had since Mexico... the main course was Phenomenal!!  The service was stellar and they made us feel so incredibly welcome... I will go out of my way to return to Momocho. 
Rating: 4
Text: Great staff , quality food and fantastic drinks ! Plenty of parking on street and a lot next to the restaurant. 
For a Sunday the wait wasn't bad at all and service was prettt fast. 
Highly recommend - margarita sampler and scallops is a must must . Looking go to again next time I'm in Cleveland . 
