Monica's
Rating: 3
Text: I have been here only twice, and both times were with very large groups.  Monica's has very friendly service, but it is hard to cook so many meals quickly for so many people.  Nice atmosphere.  Big enough parking lot.  I wish there were more dairy-free vegetarian options (ideally vegan).  The menu really lacks options for that kind of food.
Rating: 5
Text: Delicious food (I got the extraordinary macaroni and cheese). Everyone got Italian food at our table and it’s clearly Monica’s forte! Service was very friendly and helpful as well. Definitely would recommend
Rating: 2
Text: This is my first time eating at Monica's. I was disappointed. I ordered on line and had it delivered. I was excited about the $7.00 coupon for first timers. However by the time the delivery fee and tax and tip and processing fee (really?) Was added my bean burger came to $22.30. Then after minus my $7.00 It was $15.30. Which I would not have had a problem with if it was good. The bean burger was way overcooked had hard edges and dry in the middle. Not how I like them. I also had trouble with the online ordering. I clicked cottage cheese for my side 3x and still ended up with fries. Had I not had the coupon I would have paid $22.30 for a meal not exactly what I wanted, and overcooked. Even paying $15.30 for an overcooked dry sandwich was too much. The driver was prompt and polite. I thought the fries were good even though I didn't want fries and the extra bread and butter were nice, but didn't make up for over paying for something barely  up to par. I do not plan to eat there again.
Rating: 5
Text: Extremely nice staff. Very gluten free friendly. We had the paninis for lunch and they were amazing! Go to this place!!
Rating: 1
Text: Do not go with a big group! They don't really like it and do not accommodate them well. If you have more than 6 people go elsewhere. 
We had 30+ people; half had their meals and left before the rest got their meals! The guests that came in after we ordered got their meals before the first group got theirs.  Nice for a small group but not any over 6.
