Montana Jacks
Rating: 5
Text: The food was absolutely great.  The bartender was the best...very attentive.  The owner stopped by to check on our experience.  You have to give it a go.
Rating: 2
Text: I stopped in after work. Miranda poured me  a 24 oz beer when I asked for a 12. Took 30 mins to take my order. 4 people @ the bar she had  time only for coworkers.  My tenderloin had wilted lettuce and tomato. The quality is not what it used to be. Will not be back. Total time 1 1/2 hrs for take out. Thanks Miranda maybe your sugar high doesn't carry you. This is why "food service workers" don't deserve  $15/hr.
Rating: 5
Text: Always satisfied with staff and food. Miranda always rocks the bar, but we did have delicious Golden Cadillacs by the other bartender. ?? You need the music back!
Rating: 1
Text: The service wasn't great. The hostess sat us in a section which didn't belong to our waitress, and then forgot to tell her about us, so we sat there a while. Even after that, she wasn't very attentive. 
The salad bar and potato soup was good. Everything looked decent and tasted fairly fresh. The bread that was brought to the table was really good. My boyfriend ordered the rack of ribs. He said he didn't even want to eat much of them because the barbecue sauce was a major disappointment. He said it was not something you'd expect from a steakhouse because it tasted like weird ketchup. I ordered the shrimp platter and was sorely disappointed. The only part I ate was the regular fried shrimp. The bourbon barbecue sauce on one of the other kinds of shrimp was groty. The crab stuffed shrimp were just weird and bland. The rice pilaf looked as bad as it tasted. I couldn't even get a good drink. I ordered a dirty vodka martini. It tasted like nothing but cheap, well vodka. I had one sip and felt like I might be able to breathe fire. My boyfriend ordered a draught beer. (They didn't screw that up). Needless to say, we had severe restaurant remorse when we left. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone I liked, and I definitely won't return if I'm ever in this part of the country again. 
Rating: 1
Text: Service was great. Food doesn't even deserve one star. Don't risk your well-being. Food poisoning is not fun. Google apparently has a one star minimum in order to post a review or as I said I would give zero.
