Montgomery Inn-Boathouse
Rating: 5
Text: The Montgomery Inn is one of the top restaurants in Greater Cincinnati. It is probably the best restaurant experience you can have along the Ohio River near Cincinnati.

Known for the ribs and sauce The Experience here who's far beyond that one item. They have great Seafood items as well as roast duck orange sauce and don't miss the onion straws or kitchen chips to enhance your meal.

I recommend this restaurant as a place to take a business guest or to go for a celebration. The wait staff is terrific and the owners are right there to help at all times. And experience you will definitely appreciate.
Rating: 5
Text: My favorite restaurant for baby-back ribs! The meat literally falls off the bone for you and the sauce is wonderful. I ask for extra sauce and just expect to clean myself up after I'm all done enjoying the ribs.

I ate at the original restaurant 32 years ago while on a business trip. Whenever I am within a 90 minute drive of the place, I make sure I get a meal in. Unfortunately I'm averaging only one visit every 8 years.

The Boathouse location is large and very busy. That means very little waiting for a table if at all. I'm not sure about the $5 valet parking plus tip. They said it was required the other night. I don't know when that is in effect. Years ago it wasn't.

Our waiter was efficient and pleasant.
Rating: 3
Text: With all the hype surrounding it, I had built up a high expectation. The service was good. The cornbread should be a desert there was so much sugar. The consistency was pretty good but I couldn't eat mine with my meal because all I could taste was sugar. The sauce was as good as expected and the brisket was super tender no knife needed.
Rating: 5
Text: We spent the evening at the bar and then had a late dinner. The staff and waitstaff treated us like royalty and the manager actually sat with us at the end of dinner and ordered us all complementary desert. 

I had high expectations and didn't want to be disappointed but I had to have there Barbecue ribs and the baked mac and cheese. Upon arrival we Valet parked and the attendant was polite and professional. The hostess was nice and gave us the upstairs seating on the patio overlooking the river as I had requested. The manager came over and asked how our day was going and that was nice. The waiter was fast, polite and very well versed on the menu and specials of the day. The atmosphere in this restraint is very well done and full of political and celebrity memorabilia. Lots of the pictures signed and most taken with the owners George Montgomery and Bob Hope. 

Long and the short was the experience was another great one and memories that will bring me back for more. 

Try them and you've got my stamp of approval.
Rating: 1
Text: Valet service was the best part. Went here for our anniversary dinner. We were seated off to the side. Everyone else had window seats. Since we were a young couple the staff treated us like we weren't even there. As if we had no money and were poor. Despite that we were dressed in formal wear. The food was not the best. I have had better service and better food at fast food joints. Unless your over 35 years old and have a party of 4 or more, then they could care less about you.
