Montgomery Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Went here after rave reviews about their ribs. Staff were great and the venue was very nice and clean. I had the ribs and can't say that they were in any way remarkable. I'd go again for the service. The food was decent but nothing to write home about.
Rating: 3
Text: Good food but the people here have no personality. If you are looking for a warm experience with whom you are with this is the place. It's a great environment, good food and the people really do not engage you. However, if you are looking for a more inclusive experience, go elsewhere. That said you will not be disappointed with the ribs here.
Rating: 4
Text: The food was great but also pricey god bless
Rating: 4
Text: I love Montgomery Inn the ribs and Cantonese shrimp are so good. This location typically has a very short or no wait compared to the other locations in the Cincinnati area. The food is of the same quality as the other location. The atmosphere here is not as good as the other locations.
Rating: 5
Text: The Montgomery Inn was recommend by friends and it was a nice recommendation.

We arrived early afternoon and  decided to walk the waterfront for a bit before eating.  Very nice walk.

We did get here after lunch but well before dinner so it wasn't very busy at all.  As we were being seated I asked if we could sit by the window to watch the river.  The hostess said if there is a seat by the window that's always where they seat first....there was a table available...yeah!

Our server, Samantha, greeted us at the table with a smile.  I wanted a glass of wine but didn't see the wine list, but not to fret, Samantha was well versed in wines and made a terrific recommendation (German reisling, the owner actually visited the vineyard in Germany and brought back this delicious wine).  She told us about the specials and I had already set my mind on the brie appetizer.  It was enough for all  4 at  our table to share and  was delicious.  Then we ordered our meals and again Samantha helped me decide on the crabcakes (I got the appetizer portion).  Those too were delicious.  Another member of our party got the side dish of mac & cheese and they said it was very good.

After our yummy meal Samantha then enticed us with dessert...strawberry shortcake which is from the owners own grandmother's recipe.  We got 2 for the table and  it was enough and phenomenal!  This was the best strawberry shortcake I've ever had!

Once we had our fill we asked Samantha for ideas on what to do with the rest of our day in the city.  She had some fun sounding stuff (over the Rhine, walking downtown) but we decided to simply walk the waterfront, pass by the baseball and football stadiums and cross the purple people bridge.  So we ended up walking from Ohio to Kentucky and back again! 
This was a delicious experience and I'm glad  Samantha was knowledgeable about the menu and wines because that made our time here even better.
