Montgomery's Steakhouse
Rating: 1
Text: Literally the worst prime rib I've ever had!!! Yuck tasted like barnyard ( that's the best I can explain it... the meat was dry tough and gross with a weird barnyard flavor. I kept shoeing flies away from our table..after seeing the bathroom I can't imagine how nasty the kitchen is. Our waitress was real nice so I paid the bill tipped her and left... I'll NEVER go back!
Rating: 2
Text: I figured I'd try this steak house being in area while taking a 34 hour break. It's not very often that a steakhouse would receive a poor review, unfortunately, with exception to the service of the waitress, the food just wasn't 'flavorful'.
I ordered the Prime Rib (medium rare), but unfortunately received it more toward 'medium' and though seasoned, had no seasoned taste throughout the steak. The fries weren't what I ordered and also failed to have a desired taste. As for the salad, it was 'different', I enjoy ' blue cheese', but the taste just didn't satisfying the taste buds, as the dressing seemed as if it was 'watered down'. 
Figure it maybe been one of those off days for the cook, but I don't believe I'll be too anxious to return. Such a shame.
Rating: 5
Text: I had a sirloin with green beans and broccoli. The steak was done perfect with excellent tenderness, flavor, and juicy. The beans were the best I have tasted in a long time and the broccoli was good also. Service was excellent with welcoming and friendly people. Prices are very good also compared to a chain, the value and atmosphere are much better. I will come here again as often as possible.
Rating: 5
Text: Unique setting,beautiful inside.. The server was awesome! Very attentive and knowledgeable about menu. The suggestions she made were prepared perfectly. Had a very nice dinner can't wait to dine again...You will be happy when you done here,so make it soon!!
Rating: 2
Text: It's was. ...okay. The hostess was snarky. Prime Rib was literally cold. Waitress, while exceptionally nice, was so very overwhelmed with tables. I didn't bother to tell them it was my birthday.....it was just.... okay.
