Movies 11 Dine-in at Mill Run
Rating: 4
Text: I love taking my son here (Movie Tavern) on Saturday mornings for a movie and breakfast. Just wish the food prices were as reasonable as the ticket prices. The staff should ask if the customers need any condiments with their food. The table switches for service needs to be fixed on a lot of the table shelves. A lot of the chairs need to be replaced or repaired. Could always be cleaner in the theaters.
**Update 9/23/2017: WOW, everything is gone from all the Marquee's, inside & out except for a single paper sign that reads Movies 11 Now Open!... Um, I just drove right on past. If it is open, I wouldn't even waste my money on an empty looking building that has no movie signs, prices, times or anything up.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff was friendly and helpful. It's a very large theater and I like the ease of being able to order food while you're sitting down, nice seating, good quality movie, wide variety of food options for dine in seating. Love you movies 11...!
Rating: 1
Text: This place is a dump. When we walked in, one of my kids asked if it was safe. Run down, dirty, with horrible service. We pressed the button for service and waiters never came. This was particularly curious as several were standing outside our theater. No signs  showing which movies were in which theater. The recent positive reviews are suspicious given what horrible condition the theater is in.
Rating: 1
Text: This was maybe the weirdest movie theater we’ve ever been to. There were a ton of people working but nobody taking tickets, so we just kind of wandered since nothing is labeled. The bad picture of the glowing sign is just an empty plate with no name above the doors to the theater. Everything was also so dimly lit that I couldn’t take pictures of things, like the horror movie hallways... or the office chairs instead of theater chairs. (The office chairs were just WEIRD.) The screen that the movie played on was really dirty, so if it was a light or white scene you could really see like dirt streaks on the screen. 

As the movie was ending, someone came in and turned on some super bright floodlights, nearly blinding us. I made everyone strip down when we got home and threw our clothes in the washer because I was just feeling super paranoid about bugs after this and I’m honestly not that paranoid about those kinds of things. Not feeling this place at all.
Rating: 5
Text: Seems like a very well maintained place. Had pleasant movie watching experience. Seating was comfortable and food was tasty. Shall plan to return soon !
