Mrs Yoder's Kitchen
Rating: 5
Text: We love this place.  Excellent salad bar. Good dinner buffet. Fresh bread at the table.  Mrs. Yoder is very loyal to the local community and buys as much local produce as she can,  so you know you're eating good farm-to-table food. She also purchases animals from the local fair and had a fair buffet in Fall. Stop in hungry.  Leave full!
Rating: 5
Text: We've visited Amish Country a dozen or more times. Mrs. Yoder's Kitchen remains our all time favorite.  They have the best fried chicken. Their buffet is not overpriced; their servers and staff are genuinely friendly and come to check on the tables frequently. We will continue to visit whenever we are in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: We discovered this restaurant some years back. It is home cooked food. We were told this is the place the locals go. Every time we visit Amish country we always make a point to get our meal at Mrs. Yoder's. The staff is always charming the food is delicious. You can't go wrong with a menu choice or the buffet. You won't leave hungry. The hubby says I have to make a point to tell about the homemade apple butter and peanut butter that is always on the tables. It goes wonderful with the homemade bread that is brought out. Don't be discouraged if the place looks packed. They are very good about clearing out a table to seat the next in line. Well worth the wait.
Rating: 2
Text: Hot buffet was in fact cold. Only food that was hot was the soup or if you ordered directly off the menu. Dessert was not included in the buffet price and you were not told that until after you had eaten dessert and saw the additional costs on you check. Good taste was nothing to write home about. Addressed our complaints with an employee and they directed us to our waitress who has no direct associations with the food on the buffet. No apologies, nothing.
Rating: 1
Text: Waited 50 minutes to be seated, which I can stand if the the place is good, but this place was sub-par at best. Their philosophy appears to be volume over quality.  Mind you this judging from the salad bar only. Waitress gave no instruction to first- timers regarding its use and was undiplomatic in correcting an error made by the person accompanying me. The bar was not well maintained, serving utensil were greasy, and the greens wilting. I asked the waitress if the lettuce came bagged or was cut there...she thought both. Her next question should have been why? But it was not. When paying the young lady asked how our meal was and I told her. No response  but to give me my change. Very mediocre experience which we could have duplicated at say...
any large chain like "Ponderosa"
