Mulligan's Pub & Grille
Rating: 3
Text: I'd love to give them 5 stars but unfortunately I can't.  Our last visit we had a waitress who seemed like she hated her job mind you it was a beautiful day and she was serving tables on the outside patio. My biggest disappointment was when people were being aloud to smoke on the patio at the tables.  Its a law to not allow smoking in certain areas for a reason, couldn't enjoy my food completely without inhaling cigarette smoke.  Next time I'll know not to eat on the patio I guess :/
Rating: 5
Text: A must. A have to. You had better.

Always packed for a reason. Wing nights alone would make me come back. Then the live music. Then the perfectly balanced dining areas. Sports fans and families alike can enjoy a great meal at a great price. 

Nobody is doing what they are doing here. Service from start to finish. I will definitely be returning.

Portions are fantastic. Quality is never a question. I excruciatingly tried to find a fault in their armor. And if you have been following my reviews on Google and Facebook, you know how hard it is to get a five-star rating from this reviewer.

I never even had to pause at endorsing this place. The intentional business model gave me no choice. It is a well-executed business that will continue to serve for years to come.
Rating: 4
Text: Fun place good food good prices good atmosphere.
Rating: 4
Text: I actually thought this place was pretty decent, given the rest of the reviews. However, be prepared to eat a lot! The portions are massive.

We started with the fried mushrooms and French onion soup. I initially thought the fried mushrooms would be the mushroom caps, the small ones that you usually get at restaurants. Wrong. These were full size mushrooms! The beer batter was great, but I couldn't eat a lot of them. I sort of wish they had been a smaller size.

The French onion soup was pretty tasty, but it needed a little bit more salt. It wasn't the best French onion soup, but it was decent. We were also given salads with our meals.

I ordered the tuna steak with seasoning on it for my entree (not that I had any room for any more food at this point) and the seasoning was really intense but incredible! My dad and my brother both got steaks and loved their steaks.

We couldn't put down any dessert but got the Snickers pie to go. It was alright. Not the best, but not awful either.

The service was what bumped this up to four stars for me. It was really friendly and great. Our server was good about filling up our drinks and giving recommendations the whole way through. 

The decor here is really dark and it's all wooden inside, so it looks like a fun place to go to to just hang out. If you're into beer, they also have a very extensive beer menu.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff  ALL work together  so we always have a cold beer and Hot Food. A fin place to go on the patio.
