MVP Sports Bar
Rating: 4
Text: Very good food and excellent service.  Family oriented during the day and hopping at night.  Great combination.
Rating: 1
Text: Went on an evening where there was a major event in the downtown area so they were running on a limited menu. Apparently the rush they expected because of the event didn't happen because there were lots of open tables. The only area full was the rooftop. Anyway, decided to just have drinks and another couple joined us. At some point, I'm not sure when or why, as none of us had tabs over 10 or 15 dollars, but they came and asked for a credit card even though we weren't ready to leave. I complied and asked for another beer. After around 15 minutes no beer and no one brought my card back. Our server kept ignoring us so I waved down another. I asked for my beer and asked why my card wasn't returned. She apologized about the beer and ignored my request about the card. You can open a tab and run it on me without physically hanging on to my card, in this day and age of credit card and identity theft hanging on to my card really stresses me out. Finally got the beer, no explanation and a dirty look for daring to ask I guess. When myself and  some of my companions were ready for another round we were pretty much ignored and waving someone down was just not happening. We finally settled up and left. I don't get the card policy but between that and the bad service when they weren't busy just makes me pretty certain we won't be returning. By the way in case you're wondering myself and my companions are all well dressed, 40 somethings who clearly aren't the type to go running out of an establishment without paying. I was the only male and all 3 women are very attractive and were well groomed and well dressed. No reason to fear us at all. Really not sure why this happened as  I've never encountered treatment like this in lots of travels. I won't say don't go here but if you're looking to be paid attention to and treated like you matter, or even having your server stop by every five or ten minutes or so to check on you, you may want to try somewhere else. This place just really left a bad taste in my mouth.
Rating: 5
Text: They have inside, outside and roof seating which is nice. No draft drinks on the roof though, so keep that in mind if you would like to sit up on the roof! Decent amount of options to choose from for food. The tacos, burgers and drinks were good. Decent pricing and okay waitresses.
Rating: 4
Text: Spicy taters real good woth beer. Nice rooftop atea overlooking Hick's biker bar

Hooo rah
Rating: 5
Text: Great place for a cold beer. The food was pretty good to.
