Nicholson's Tavern & Pub
Rating: 1
Text: The female server, I guess, profiled my brother and I and never served us. This happened last night in their bar. Maybe because we were wearing jeans and t-shirts and not dressed up, not sure, but we were going to a rock concert later. We flagged her down once and that was it. She never came back but walked around taking care of everyone else. We’ve both worked in the restaurant business for years and always tip big. She judged a book by it’s cover. I’ll be sure to tell this story to anyone who asks where to go get a drink in Cincinnati.
Rating: 5
Text: Everything we tried here we enjoyed immensely! We split an order of Brussels sprouts and a scotch egg. My wife had the house salad with crab cake. The dressing was delicious and perfectly portioned. I had a lamb burger with goat cheese and it was phenomenal. For dessert we split the Tipsy Laird, again divine. 

Service was friendly and fast from door to door. Maybe the best part is how reasonably priced everything was, especially considering its location. Nicholsons is super convenient to there Aronoff Center and the street car. Definitely worth a stop if you're in the city.
Rating: 5
Text: I happened upon Nicholson's Tavern & Pub when walking back to my hotel the other day. This is a Scottish pub in Cincinnati, Ohio that is Scottish through and through. The bar was built in Scotland and shipped over to Cincinnati to be the center of all things Scottish inside of Nicholson's Tavern & Pub. The staff are all wearing kilts which is awesome. The food was perfect and the flavors we're authentic with my bangers and mash especially the gravy. I can't wait to come back to Cincinnati to go to Nicholson's Tavern & Pub!
Rating: 4
Text: Good staff. Dressed provacitively which is unnecessary. Food is great and booze is great. Attached to a bourbon bar
Rating: 4
Text: Loved the feel of the place, had great service and we got our food super fast, and with a party of 17! I was disappointed in the fish and chips though, fish was pathetically small.
