Niemerg's Steakhouse & The Brass Rail Lounge
Rating: 5
Text: Niemerg's food is consistently good and so inexpensive! Depending on the time of day you have three options: The coffee shop; the dining room; or the bar with it's additional side door entrance and video slot room. It's really 3 restaurants rolled into one package and they're all delicious! Be sure to grab a bite of dessert before you go - Their cookies and pies and other homemade goodies are baked fresh daily. I loooove their snicker doodle and peanut butter cookies!
Rating: 5
Text: Best place to eat in Effingham.  Great food.  Reasonable prices.  Friendly waitresses.  If you leave hungry, it's your own fault.  Five stars plus.  You can eat in the coffee shop, the bar or the dining room.  Each spot has its own great atmosphere.
Rating: 5
Text: Read several reviews for restaurants around town.   We picked Niemerg's and are extremely happy we did.  The food was excellent and the price was great.  The dinner menu starts at 4pm and therefore the salad bar is open at this same time.  I love salads and this bar had about 20 different salads, with also pudding, muffins, fresh fruit....and all the 'fixens'.  The cream of chicken soup is one of the best I've ever had.  Amazing this is all included in the price.  The  service was excellent in an extremely busy place....get there early or make reservations.   When a place is this full you can bet it's got great food.
Rating: 5
Text: Food is good, the steak is ok.  The homemade pies are amazing.  There prices are low.  Couldn't believe how inexpensive this place was.  Our server was awesome kept my coffee cup full and even gave me one to go.
Rating: 3
Text: I've been here a few times before this. 
Unfortunately they have no Birthday specials. 
But to order a lunch special that should take 10 minutes or less or it's free, that took 14 minutes and both girls serving gave poor explanations and trying not to comp the meal that was less than 6$ sucked!
Then to have to go to manager myself and explain situation again sucked!
Got meal comped. But then to have both girls talking quietly at register  ( I think it was about me) and then to have them walk by at least 6 times acting like I'm not there???
COME ON!!!!
Not very professional! 
May not go there again.  Naw definitely WON'T GO BACK.
