O'Charley’s Restaurant & Bar
Rating: 1
Text: Our waiter was great, but can't say the same for the cook. I ordered steak well done and got steak that was burned and hard! The waiter was great and took it back and brought me another one, but this one wasn't well done, it was medium well and the outside was still burned. I didn't return it, just accepted it, scrapped off the burned areas and ate the parts that were well done. When we got our check, it had a charge for an additional steak. The waiter fixed it and removed the extra charge, but needless to say, won't be going back to the O'Charley's in Corydon, Indiana!
Rating: 5
Text: A group of us from out of state (Montana and Washington) stopped in for dinner.  The place was very clean, and the wait staff very attentive.  The food was great! Try the chicken fried steak!
Rating: 1
Text: We came here because the last time we ordered online here it was pretty decent. My husband didn't like his but mine was good.
 This time, we ordered online again. We got there 15 min after it was supposed to be ready and it wasn't done. 
$22 for a very small piece of medium well steak (requested rare), 5 shrimp, Mac and cheese that tastes like cheap nachos, and had unfresh broccoli. Sauce for the shrimp dumped all over my box. Nothing happened to cause this.
Husband's order had pie. Was on receipt but not in the bag. His meal was cheaper than mine and had quite a bit more food. His ribs were tough as well.
I'm not going to be trying new things on the menu anymore. Spent too much for this experience.
Rating: 5
Text: I called to let them know my son and his girlfriend was coming in after prom (about 10:30).  They close at 11 and we all were eating and no one interrupted our meals to tell us they were closed.  I respect that and give them 5 stars for them respecting this special night for my son and his girlfriend especially since we used 2 booths.  The food was great.  I have not eaten here in years because the food went from great to bad, now it's back to good.  I will for sure visit again.  Thanks to all the employees that night that made the ending of prom night special for this young couple.
Rating: 5
Text: Came here with my family for an early dinner. The atmosphere was sophisticated and relaxed, our server Ian was phenomenal, polite and on top of everything, and the food was perfectly cooked. Definitely worth the visit!
