OakGlenn Vineyards & Winery
Rating: 1
Text: Our first experience here was terrible.  We won't be back.   Celebrating an Aunts 70th birthday.   We paid a $5 per person cover fee to get in.   We were not there 5 minutes and the Aunt passes out and stops breathing.   No one had anything to drink.   The police officers were great as well as the paramedics.   However the staff made it very clear they wanted us off the property and were were not welcome back as this was now a liberality.  There was 0 concern for this elderly lady who was now being transported to the hospital.  We had no intention of staying but the fact that they kept repeating this was sickening.   No worries oak Glenn we will never be back.
Rating: 4
Text: The view is amazing!  The atmosphere and music were wonderful. The wine is not as great as the wineries.  I prefer dry so if you like sweet this might be for you.  Either way definitely worth the trip!!
Rating: 1
Text: I would not suggest going to this winery while visiting Hermann, Mo. Don't waste your time.

The only thing they have going for their venue is the great view,  but they charge $5 per tasting for cheap overpriced wine that they don't even make (most of their wine is made in a different state, not made in MO). Plus they charge a $5 cover charge per person to listen to crappy live music, no matter how long you are there. Multiple staff was also rude to all four member's of our group.

It doesnt matter if you want to just try their wine and enjoy the Mo wine trail. They should be removed from the list of MO wineries because they have ZERO standards.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I visited this winery during the day and had a great experience. The views and the amount of outdoor seating is amazing. We did a tasting and bought a bottle of the blackberry wine. We usually like dry red wines but their blackberry wine is a great alternative that's not too sweet. 
Rating: 4
Text: Ahh, a wonderful way to spend an afternoon. We enjoyed relaxing on the shaded patio, sipping refreshing Moscato, and sharing crackers and cheese. Nice way to end the weekend.
