Obed & Isaac's Microbrewery
Rating: 4
Text: Overall a solid, popular place to eat.  I thought the service itself was solid and the venue was new with an old exterior.  The beer was good and unique (I had a coffee beer).  For beer nerds, this would be a place to visit if you were in Springfield.  Now for the food, I ordered a medium rare burger but was given a medium well burger.  That was probably the biggest negative, as the burger itself was still pretty solid.  The bread was soft, the vegetables (tomato/lettuce/pickles) were fresh and had a great crunch to each bite.  I ordered the asparagus side dish.  I like my roasted vegetables to have a crunch to them as well.  However, this dish had soggy and overcooked asparagus.  It was tolerable to eat, as I had just finished the triathlon, but obviously not my favorite.  My wife had a chicken caesar salad which was probably our best dish.  They did a solid grilled lettuce where there was a just a touch of char on the fresh romaine lettuce and it was really good!  We also had the scotch eggs which was a solid dish without anything wrong with it.  I gave this 4 stars because I love beer, but the food could have been improved.  I would give this place another chance and if you're in town feel free to check it out.  Maybe you'll get slightly better food than I :).
Rating: 4
Text: We stopped in on a Saturday around 1130a. By noon it was very busy but it was due to it being Bradley U parents day. We sat at the bar and the service was great. We enjoyed the shrimp and andouille jambalaya which was a sweet variety. Enjoyed the beers and the bartenders were very friendly even though they were busy. Relax and enjoy the atmosphere.
Rating: 5
Text: In town for just one night and found this place within walking distance of my hotel on a restaurant review site. Had a flight of four beers and not a bad one in the bunch. I like to try "different" things and the eclectic menu gave me plenty of choices. Thought about the lamb burger, but ordered the fig flatbread. Awesome choice! Very thin crust stone fired. Nothing but fig, gorgonzola, and mozzarella. Really nice dish.
Rating: 2
Text: We came in and it was fairly crowded but I hear it is always, so I wasn't too upset.

They has an awesome hard cider. 

We ordered our appetizer and they came out rather speedy. The Scott Eggs were awesome.

However, when we ordered our entrees, they didn't arrive for 30-40 minutes after ordering. We had to request boxes because we didn't have time to wait. 

From what he heard it sounded like a kitchen electronic error and somehow our food didn't get sent to the kitchen. Which I would have completely understood, except the server didn't under say anything directly to us. We just heard him talking to other employees. He only stopped for refills once in that time period. It probably is a 4-5 star place but that of service was 1 star service.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place for a few beers and food with friends and family. I've only been to the Springfield location a few times as I've moved to Peoria, but if you're passing through Peoria, make the effort to stop in to that location. It's a block off I74 in an old church. Absolutely stunning building and atmosphere.
