Oceano Bistro
Rating: 5
Text: I wish I would've taken "before" photos of our brunch, but we dug in so fast the "after" pics of our cleaned plates will have to speak for themselves. Food was incredible and our server was great. The atmosphere is a bit dated, but the food and service made up for it. Would recommend for brunch!
Rating: 3
Text: 2nd time is not the charm.  We visited on a quiet Wednesday night and the service was quite good but unfortunately, the food was at best mediocre.  I did have a much better experience a couple months ago so it may have just been an off-night.  Given that the service was excellent and the food was excellent on my first visit, I will try again.
Rating: 1
Text: Food was okay. We enjoyed that portion of our evening. Unfortunately we were there celebrating a milestone in my fiance's life and could barely even get a full sentence out to speak to each other without being interrupted by our server.  He was incredibly overbearing, at our table every 30 seconds, and would not stop talking. He even followed us to the door when we were leaving, going on and on and on about the next days brunch specials. At this point, we're practically running out of there, trying to get away. We spent $100 and have nothing good to say about our experience. Very disappointing and certainly will not be back.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I went for our anniversary and from the moment we entered the door we received fantastic service. The waitstaff was fantastic - from providing recommendations to making sure our every desire was met. My husbands steak came in a little under, and not only did the waitress notice it without him having to say anything, she offered to take it back despite the fact that he was more than a few bites in. FANTASTIC service and very romantic decor. How did I ever miss this little Clayton treasure.
Rating: 5
Text: Stopped in for our first weekday happy hour.  We've been in a Saturday in the past and it was great which is why we came back. This place is fantastic!  The quality of the food, the taste, the price points for happy hour, the staff, the atmosphere... Everything was great, fresh and fast and de-friggin-licious!  Crab cakes are incredible, we highly recommend those, as is the calamari and of course the oysters: talk about fresh, you could smell the ocean with every tasty nibble!  Will definitely be back!
