Old Brick House
Rating: 1
Text: This is one of the absolute WORST places I’ve ever eaten. The food was so awful I couldn’t eat anything but the rolls. The staff was inattentive and unfriendly. I was really looking forward to eating here for the first time especially since I hadn’t eaten all day (which generally makes anything taste good by that point of hunger) but I couldn’t even stomach the first bite of potatoes I took. I’ve never had a potato I didn’t like other than sweet potatoes but to be able to RUIN fried potatoes is ridiculous. The shrimp didn’t even taste like shrimp. It tasted like breaded rubber and even my uncle tried it and thought so. I decided to at least try a piece of steak thinking that would be ok and it was HORRIBLE! I don’t know WHAT keeps this place open but it should definitely be closed down. Nothing here is edible or even worth paying for. I’ll never in my life attempt to eat here again.
Rating: 1
Text: The house itself is gorgeous, but the atmosphere cheapens the beauty. We went on Sunday for the buffet, which we expected to be delicious due to the amount of people that frequent the buffet after church. We were horribly disappointed. The fried chicken (which is hailed as the best fried chicken in Ste. Gen) was bland and soggy, and as soon as I took a bite, I was actually wishing for KFC. If I'm eating fried chicken from the best fried chicken place in town and wishing for fast food, there is something SERIOUSLY WRONG. The potatoes tasted like instant potatoes that had been sitting in their container for hours - it had a horrible plastic-y aftertaste and was not seasoned at all. We arrived as soon as the buffet was prepared, so I can't even accuse the sad tasting food on it "sitting out". The staff was indifferent and a little rude, and I felt completely unwelcomed. This town has a thing for onion rings, but I have yet to find a restaurant that has GOOD onion rings with flavor. It's like they try to cook Southern, but apparently no one that eats here has taste buds or like anything with flavor.
Rating: 2
Text: Took forever to get waited on. The place is very old so it was cool to look around. We ended up being here for well over an hour.
Rating: 1
Text: While this was not our first visit to this restaurant it may well have been our last. It was slightly over an hour from the time we ordered until we actually got our food. Very disorganized staff and management. Extremely disappointed and will probably go elsewhere for dinner when visiting St. Gen.
Rating: 3
Text: The service was slow, it appeared to be one person running the whole place. She was the waitress, bartender and trying to cash people out. I saw one table go around the bar and grab their own beers.  The food was good, though.
