Old Town Grill of London
Rating: 5
Text: Decided to eat here with my lovely wife, and the service was great! And the food was amazing as well! Shout out to the waitress,Tammy, who was incredibly polite and professional, loved the atmosphere, would definitely recommend this to friends and family!
Rating: 3
Text: We prefer the Corbin location, but the food is good here. There was a sewer odor present on our most recent visit that we had never experienced before. I assume it's a temporary issue for this reason. The prices were higher than our previous visit as well. My husband still says they have the best catfish locally. I normally get the Rocky Top Chicken, mashed potatoes, and macaroni and cheese (a white cheddar stovetop mac). Note that if you order the corn is on-the-cob, it is deep fried, not boiled or steamed.
Rating: 5
Text: My Sister introduced me to the Old Town Grill . The food is awesome and the Bar and Beer Selection is off the chain. I love dark stouts and they know how to Master Build a Guinness .. The Staff is so friendly and they are knowledgeable .Great menu selection is very good. I LOVE coming here !! ????????
Rating: 3
Text: Three star food, four star service, five star environment. Yeah, that averages out to four stars, but they are getting three anyway because the ribs were so bad.

This restaurant appeals to me for it's rustic decor. That's just my thing! The service was very good, friendly people, quick on the drink refills and to make sure that everything was satisfactory. Overall, the food was bland. I had the fried shrimp dinner with Mac and cheese and coleslaw. The coleslaw had very little flavor, the mac & cheese was not very impressive, and the shrimp tasted like it had taken a bath in ground black pepper. The sweet tea barely tickled the taste buds, and the side of ribs that I ordered was so bad that I could not eat more than one bite. Terrible quality meat!

Now, don't let this make you decide to not try this place. Just be aware that it is nothing spectacular. If you're looking for a place to hang out to get some burgers and drinks, this place seems to be a great spot. I would try it again, but not what I ordered this time.

If you want ribs, better go to Sonny's barbecue.
Rating: 4
Text: Good menu, good service, good food, good atmosphere. 

Outdoor patio is nice when not filled with smokers.
But - it is a bar - hard to break that habit.

Drink Responsibly!
