Old Route 66 Family Restaurant
Rating: 4
Text: A very nice slice of Midwestern hospitality. The food is wonderful, as is the staff. A cool atmosphere, family friendly. Seems to be especially popular with the locals which is always a good sign. Highly recommended for a home style meal. Nothing elegant but quaint and very charming.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to meet up with family. Warm, friendly atmosphere. Traditional American cuisine offerings at a reasonable price. I quite enjoyed my burger.
Rating: 5
Text: The pizza-dough wrapped gyro was outstanding.  The chicken dumpling soup was very good, lots of dumplings!  My server was attentive and kind.  One of the best meals I've had in a long time.  The place was packed to the gills when I got there at 7pm.
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty good restaurant less than a mile from the Interstate. Has the feel of the old highway-side diners - relaxed and friendly. Food is good and staff is friendly.
Rating: 1
Text: I have eaten here 3 times. Each time I have gotten sick on the 10 minute ride home, and each time I have had the eggs and bacon.
I would MAYBE tolerate it if the food tasted good, or if an employee would smile. 
I am currently writing this from the toilet seat, where I'll be for awhile after eating here. 

Update:

Here is the owners response to this review on Facebook,

"Hi Carly! 
Sounds highly unlikely that you have gotten sick from our food from what you are trying to imply! 
 We go through over a 100 dozen eggs a week and 15 cases of bacon, we have 3 weekly food deliveries so you know the food is always fresh and rotated..we also continuously get 100% on our sanitation check ups (it's on the board when you come inside?) 
Also you cannot get sick "within 10 minutes" and a common person with some decency would let the establishment know of "the problem" after the first two incidents.. maybe you have a food allergy or your stomach is used to processed fast food rather then home cooked meals? 
We have been in business over 40 years and voted #1 in Illinois and top 10 on Route 66 (from Chicago to LA) so obviously we are doing something right. If you have any other questions feel free to stop by and talk to Management. Thanks! ??"
