Old Burdick's Bar & Grill (Wings West)
Rating: 4
Text: Amazing food and appetizers, great sports bar and if you live hockey this is your place! One thing they could improve is speed of service! Wait staff is friendly but slow service. that said the food is worth the wait!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Stopped in while traveling through. We scanned the Google Maps, looking for dinner, and a bunch of fast food places, and this "sports bar". Well, at least they have beer.
When we arrived we found a nice selection of craft brew beers (30 beers on tap, but several wasted on Coors, Bud and Miller brands) and a menu that was enticing. An off night for them, a Thursday night with no games on the ice. We had a delicious and quiet dinner. Good service, and excellent food. 
We had a pulled pork sandwich, South Western egg rolls and chips with guacamole and salsa. All really nice. All made fresh, including the chips. The salsa had a great flavor, with fresh cilantro. Not overwhelming, but certainly the star. 
If I ever pass that way again, I'll definitely stop in again. 

Rating: 5
Text: Neat sports bar connected to the hockey rink. Stopped by Friday, when you walk in you can seat yourself which is nice because you can pick any spot you want by the windows to watch hockey. They had good happy hour deals (1/2 off pints), large draft list and good food. Our server was fast and made good suggestions, seemed to know the menu well. I got the poutine which was really unique, I liked the spice, something different. My wife got the California quesadilla and loved it. Overall good experience and will be back
Rating: 1
Text: The slowest service I have ever experienced. Come here every Friday night after hockey and the service never gets better. Ordered water for our table never saw them, fifteen minutes to get our other beverages. Really need to check in to some serious training.
Rating: 4
Text: An interesting experience. Being able to watch sports on tv, have a beer and a bite, and potentially watch some live local hockey is probably not your typical dining experience. But you can do just that at Old Burdick's. I enjoyed the fish tacos so much I re-ordered them the moment I was done with round one. The chips and salsa that came with it were stale and underwhelming. Also, every single tv in the building was on the exact same football game. I was in town for business, but my team was nowhere to be found. They did change a tv for me, but it botched the sound for the entire bar, and took a good 10 minutes before they got everything back to how it was supposed to be. All-in-all, if I find myself back in the same area for work, I think I'll find myself back at Old Burdick's as well.
