Olga's Kitchen
Rating: 1
Text: This is the worst olgas and I won't be coming back here again. They're so rude and slow. I always order online with plenty of time and when I get there I wait 10 minutes with multiple servers walking past me before anyone acknowledges me and then my food STILL isn't ready. And when I do get it it's thrown together. This place has some of the WORST service I've ever experienced. The few times I've dined in they always put my friend and I in a back corner somewhere . Overall I won't be back. I'll stick to the West Road one bc at least if they mess up they fix it without an attitude
Rating: 1
Text: I took my 2 kids here earlier for lunch. From the second we got there til the second we left was an awful experience. The waitress Sondra was so rude! I could've almost dealt with it but the service was the worst I've ever had. She had a table right behind us with people she apparently knew and talked with them every second she got. Getting them refill after refill, clearing dirty dishes from their table and talking their ear off. Would've been nice to get that kind of service. What a waste of $40.
Rating: 1
Text: I work at the mall and order food from there ALL the time. It's my mom and I fav place to eat. I love the snackers and cinnamon snackers, I order them often with my meal. After I received my food I did not eat my snackers until a few hours later after I was off.

The snackers were crazy hard, like a stone from God. Of course after soft bread is cooled it will get hard, no doubt. I've ate the snackers later in the day and sometimes even the next day if I had some left over from my lunch. 

NEVER ever in my life from the many times I've eaten from Olgas has it been so hard it hurt my teeth to bite. Like I said I've eaten them the next day plenty of times and still fine. Just a few hours or so later and they are rocks.

I called back to let them know of the situation, not particularly looking to have my order replaced at all. The lady I spoke to was extremely rude. Saying "Honey, that's just going to happen. It's bread. That's it." I completely understood that, I'm not stupid. But I've never had it so hard it hurt to bite. I mentioned I thought that they may have been overcooked for how hard they were. I countinued to be nice, yet she was rude from the time she picked up the phone. "I took your order it was more than an hour ago, thats just gonna happen. If you could still eat them the next day and they were soft they weren't cooked right."

If that's the case with how much I eat there, their food must be undercooked or cooked wrong 95% of the time. Am I right? Ridiculous. 

This isn't the first time they were rude on the phone. A different employee hung up on one of my co-workers while she was trying to nicely order her food. They smile in person when you get your food but I guess they grow some balls on the phone thinking they can say whatever they want to say and how they want to say it.

I called another Olgas to get some info. Lady said the same thing, that they can harden. However they should not be that hard that they are completely uneatable. That was more than likely something wrong on their end. She said I should have pushed to have my order replaced but after dealing with Ms. Rude Mouth I didn't even try to bother, no point.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food and wonderful service everytime I come.
Rating: 5
Text: First time here and I was very happy with the food!
