Olga's Place
Rating: 4
Text: Very tasty Italian food. Taste like I made it myself. I enjoyed a late lunch there. You don't have to dress up. Jeans are accepted. It's casual dining. It is a small local restaurant. Cute decor. Was waited on quickly.
Rating: 4
Text: Butternut Squash Soup 
Is to die for.  Great service and atmosphere.
Rating: 5
Text: There are very few that can compare to Olga and her exquisite pizzas and pasta dishes. Few other establishments come close not only in Northwest Indiana, but the country as a whole. I have lived in many different towns and cities and grew up knowing excellent food(my mother is an ex head chef at a very high-end restaurant in Colorado) and have been spoiled with excellent home-cooked and flavorful meals since I was a child. Her food has the same qualities, flavors, and overall love put into each and everything I've ever ordered there. Her pizzas are easily the best in Indiana or Chicago, very Naples style crust with her delicious sauces, very authentic and every single style I've tried I've enjoyed. Her pasta dishes that I've tried the Pesto Chicken(perfectly cooked chicken with pasta, vegetables, with Alfredo sauce), Garlic Saute Shrimp(delicious jumbo shrimp sauteed perfectly with pasta and light wine sauce), and Chicken Tortellini(cheese stuffed tortellini covered in hearty Alfredo sauce with broccoli and chicken) are superb in every manner of the word. Simply put, these are delicious homemade noodles covering in delightful sauces with quality ingredients in every single bite.

 The food is flavorful, fulfilling, and priced just right, especially considering the very copious amounts of delectable food served with each and every order. Other perks of her establishments being very "mom & pop" are the overall friendliness of not only her and her wonderful mother, but their staff and quaintness as a whole. It's never dirty, it's wonderfully decorated and only adds to the charm of the whole dining experience. If you live in Indiana, Chicago, or Michigan there is literally no reason you should pass up on a great and fulfilling dining experience at her Westville or Valparaiso locations, absolute top notch quality. Personally I've been a patron for a few years now and have yet to be dissapointed even a single time. It is an absolute must try!
Rating: 3
Text: Okay pizza but no beer due to the grumpy Baptist preacher, give the people their beer after this long and maybe I will buy you a round with your pizza.
Rating: 4
Text: So many options of different styles and kinds of pizza and pasta dishes. Stone open flame pizza ovens
