On The Rocks Bar and Grill
Rating: 4
Text: Good music on Friday and Saturday nights. Pool tables are open most nights. Good time overall
Rating: 1
Text: I have been here several times to support a friend that plays as a part of the house band, but I am never coming here again, here's why.

The two bartenders, if they're not talking to their friends and to the regulars, are so glued to their phones on facebook that they take over 5 minutes to get to you. And this is on a light night. This would be alright if it was a super packed, popular bar, but it's not. It's simply a hole in the wall bar in Dublin where cops circle like vultures and you constantly have to be worried about driving after drinking 1 beer.

These are my suggestions for going to this hole in the wall if you must, and take these as gospel...

1.) Pay cash. I do not trust these bartenders as I now have a strange charge on my card which I had to clear up with my bank.

2.) Take an Uber here. Cops tend to watch this place and the WILL follow you, especially after 10 p.m.

3.) If you can, BRING YOUR OWN BEER (incognito). You will spend much less money...ok, I realize this applies to ALL bars, but atleast you can save the money that you would normally spend on garbage service and terribly made drinks, to pay for Uber at the place while you meet up with your friends.

If you follow these simple rules, you will have absolutely NO problems. 

I had to to make this post out of pure anger at the direction that this bar has taken. It used to be much better. Whatever you decide to do, just make sure you arrive and leave safely!
Rating: 3
Text: Cool little pool hall with live music. The kitchen is above standard in my opinion, but the bar tends to be less crowded except on big game nights, pool nights, or nights with live music. Servers have been pretty quick in my experience
Rating: 5
Text: Warm welcome, great staff and the best wings in town. Love it!
Rating: 3
Text: I go here periodically and the atmosphere is very relaxed, and they have good happy hour drink specials.
