On the Rise Restaurant & Palate Artisanal Retail
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent breakfast and lunch cafe. Unusual and varied menu. Fair price considering the excellent quality of the good. Have eaten here many times always good service. Worth the trip.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is amazing!  The sevice and food is always fantastic.  They have super delicious breakfast foods and an all day menu.  

There is a coffee bar with various coffees and you can also order speciality drinks from the menu.

If the weather is nice you can set outside at the patio area.  Not too crowded on early weekday mornings but busy mid mornings especially on the weekend.
Rating: 2
Text: OVERPRICED.  OVERPRICED. OVERPRICED.

Good quality cooking.

Really impressive pastries.   Dense chewy texture and wonderful flavor.   

We ordered an omelet.  The fruit cup that accompanied was very skimpy.  Lack of value.

Prices could be reduced 15-20%.

Attitude of staff is average.  Little willingness to tailor to the individual.  

I asked if they could produce a simple breakfast sandwich comprised of an egg cheese maybe some bacon.   All the ingredients and facilities are in place to do such. The lack of willingness by the owner to accommodate showed an over-complicated approach to business. 

It's a business with fixed costs.  Fry an egg, throw on some bacon and cheese on a slice of bread and charge the customer appropriately.   Simple.   Instead of an $8 sandwich they received a $0 sale.
Rating: 1
Text: Service was terrible. Very slow and at times rude. Hostess was very rude to my wife. Took over 15 minutes from when seated to even see the server. Another 10 minutes until she brought the drinks.  45 minutes for the food. Food was okay at best. I would recommend taking your patronage somewhere else.
Rating: 5
Text: On the Rise is a unique and slightly more upscale place than much of what is at the Lake of the Ozarks. It has a Tuscan feel and atmosphere. The food is very good, and they have a nice selection for breakfast in particular. You need to try their beignets! This is one of the "must dos" by land if you are there.
