One Eleven Main
Rating: 5
Text: Good service, good atmosphere, good food.  Reasonable prices.
Rating: 2
Text: Ok, let's start off by me saying hello :)   I visited One Eleven 10/14/17 and I was amped for a magical experience but ended up at a poor man's Medieval Times.   We entered the establishment where I thought it was an abandoned mall, only to find a quaint host stand in the distance.  I approached the empty stand to find the normal cellophane covered toothpicks and sad chewy peppermint in a bowl, unfortunately the bowls's destiny was going to be never washed.  Eventually the host found us and we were escorted to our distant table.  But wait, it was more of an epic journey. Climbing stairs before a meal is ok but this was like asking asking a settled women if she's with child.  Abhorred situation.  After my fellowship traversed mountains and witnessed dusty unnecessary pictures of the history of the town, we finally sat.  The menu was handed to the table where we picked it up.  Beer cheese fondue and a bloody Mary amongst other drinks became our first order.  The Bloody Mary arrived,  should be called the Pansey Mary since it reeked of overwhleming floral flavors with a giant pickle taste, was terrible. The best part of the beer cheese fondue was hoping the bread or sloppy vegis would mask the graininess of the liquid chesse concoction. We orded food eventually, and when it arrived I had a bad feeling.  I think the food was actually prepared by my drunk foodie roommate.  I ordered a chicken buffalo sandwich.  What a mistake.  I'll be blunt.  Chicken nuggets on a roll.  It was awkward, cold, and just void of pride.  I didn't even finish it.  Upon complaint, I stated it was bad but that fell on deaf ears.  I paid for the thing but decided to continue my story here to make myself feel better.  Overall, there are better places in Galen. And to you I say goodbye and learn from my mistake.
Rating: 1
Text: Food has no flavor. Very plain and over priced for the taste.
Rating: 1
Text: We had a table of 6. We had a person who found a hair in her food.  The server took off the meal, however tip was added to her bill for the whole meal
 She had to pay 17.60 for having a water and a drink of 7.  We didn't feel she should have had to pay a 18%tip
 Sadly they didn't seem to care. Needless to say we won't be returning.
Rating: 4
Text: One of the best restaurants in Galena.  Service was outstanding.  Menu doesn't seem as avant-guard as it was a couple years ago, but still some tasty options.
