One World
Rating: 5
Text: The food was excellent, and staff was terrific. Despite being busy during lunch, service was very prompt. There was sufficient staffing to take care of everyone, and the food was quick to come out. We had a group of 9, and there were still no issues. Some of what we enjoyed: Reuben, Cuban Pork sandwich, Bacon Mushroom burger, and Santa Fe Chicken wrap. Kids enjoyed the fries and nachos. Sides were all great as well, including mac 'n cheese,  potato salad, beans, and soup.
Rating: 5
Text: Definitely one of the better places to eat around the Peoria area. The menu is one of the most diverse that I've ever seen. The decor is most definitely "hip" but tasteful and the staff that I engaged with were all very friendly and accommodating. The crowd was primarily young adults but that is almost expected with it being essentially on campus. I have always enjoyed coming here to grab some food and catch up with colleagues. From the salads, to the sandwiches, pork, chicken, pizzas, pastas, whatever your desire is, I'm sure you'll find something to satisfy your hunger. One World has a very modern take at many classic dishes. The pictures below include a Rueben sandwich, a brisket sandwich and a chicken pasta plate with side salad. Bottom line, One World is just good food, plain and simple.
Rating: 3
Text: Well I just moved to Peoria and checked out all the hype that is this restaurant. I must admit  they have a very wonderful and friendly staff. The food that I eat during lunchtime was really good and seem to be reasonable. But I went for breakfast one morning although the service was good  The food was very pricey. I ended up paying $25 for  The skillet large orange juice plus tip . If you like a good breakfast at a high price I would recommend checking out their breakfast. Lunch and dinner is very reasonable.
Rating: 5
Text: OMG I only discovered One Works on my last day in Peoria, was here on business. Otherwise I would have been here every day! 

The food is excellent I had the Volcano Salmon with the spaghetti squash no extra charge for the substitution on gluten free choice. The cream sauce was rich but light at the same time.

My friend had the Cuban Sandwich which he really enjoyed. I tried a bite, the pork was tender with a tasty sauce as well. His Mac and cheese side was melt in your mouth! 
Check this place out! 

Matt was our server and he really bent over backwards, from us grilling him on what we're the best choices for our taste buds to making sure water glasses were full and how about an amazing dessert? 
Eat, drink and be merry when you dine here ???
Rating: 5
Text: The food here is always delicious and staff is attentive and pleasant. Warm up with a cup of coffee or hot cocoa and enjoy the most amazing chicken and waffles. If breakfast isn't your thing, their pizzas are awesome!
