Osteria Pronto (Indy)
Rating: 5
Text: The experience we had at Osteria Pronto was phenomenal! Our server, Jessica, provided great service! We told her we were celebrating my girlfriends' birthday and she had the entire staff personally sign a birthday card provided by them, definitely made us feel appreciated! The food was fresh and delivered to our table quickly! The Sea Bass entree was amazing, highly recommend!! I even had to thank the chef personally! If you've never been but constantly pass by from time to time, I'd definitely recommend giving it a try. You would not be disappointed! Thanks again to everyone at Osteria Pronto, you guys provided a memorable night for us!!
Rating: 4
Text: Service and atmosphere were really great. However, my entire table was slightly disappointed with their meals. We each ordered something different. My spouse ordered a salad and we watched it sit in the hot kitchen window for almost 20 minutes before it was brought to our table. Despite seeing this, she continued to try to eat it, but ended up sending it back because it was warm. No one wants a warm Caesar salad. The plating was nice for all of our foods, the flavor just fell short for the price. I will say that we each ordered an adult beverage (who am I kidding...several) and those were all delicious. Would be interested to give this place another shot but am in no hurry to get back there. 
Rating: 2
Text: Was busy even on a weekday. The food was subpar for a 5 star hotel.
The hotel lobby was beautiful though
Rating: 5
Text: Service was topnotch, portions were on the larger side, there were a variety of price points.  They had a pretty decent wine and spirits list (including some of my favorites like Oban). Servers were knowledgeable and responsive.  Been a few times including for one of our anniversaries.  Definitely recommend!
Rating: 4
Text: “Excellent Breakfast Menu, Fast Service, and Reasonable for a Downtown Restaurant”
Stopped in during a visit doing convention center show, and it was very good.. Very fresh menu items, unique selections... Price was about normal for an upscale casual downtown restaurant... Would visit again next time we're in town..
