Otto's Place
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent place for breakfast! Even though it was a very busy Saturday morning in Galena, and our wait was nearly one hour, we were able to drink coffee and wait in a comfortable space. Great selection of seasonal breakfast choices along with more traditional and excellent service.
Rating: 5
Text: Small place, well done. Homey, inviting. Great food, drinks. Mistakenly said not w/c accessible.  Discovered another entrance that is.
Rating: 1
Text: I have never in my life been told we cannot eat at an establishment because we have "too many people" until I tried taking my family to this place. Not only did they say our party of 8 was too big but they didn't offer to sit us separately or offer us to wait until something opened up. There were only about 6 other people eating already, you mean to tell me the other 34 empty seats are reserved? Doubt it. At first I thought they were kidding but when we asked if we could sit separately they said no. I even asked if they were saying they didn't want our business and they specifically said that they did not. I am an American of Mexican decent, in this day in age, I cannot believe discrimination still plays a role in businesses. If their business policies and customer service are this horrendous, I would have to believe their food would be the same. If you are thinking of eating here I suggest you take your family somewhere on Main Street where they are much friendlier and accepting .
Rating: 4
Text: Wonderful atmosphere, beautiful setting,  super friendly staff, delicious breakfast and strong bloody Mary's. Coffee is a little weak, but that's the only real downside.
Rating: 5
Text: This is single-handedly the best breakfast place in Galena. I had a Havarti omelet that was to die for! The cinnamon rolls were light and fluffy. The cinnamon roll french toast wasn't just french toast someone dumped cinnamon on, the atmosphere was great, and the service was excellent. Two caveats: Sides aren't included in the meal, and the hot chocolate could be better.
