Outback Steakhouse
Rating: 4
Text: Used up a gift card for a weekend lunch. Enjoyed the ever popular Blooming Onion.  Staff was pleasant  and  attentive and the place is clean and well maintained, however, I would not recommend it for a simple weekend lunch because the menu  steered you toward dinner (or at least what I would consider dinner plates). Sandwich selection was limited to a few items. My group didn't feel like steaks at 11:30 am. I had a $15.00 Angus burger (grass feed, of course) ordered medium rear and it came out  grey as the sky on a cloudy day. The staff was cool and cooked me a new one in just a few min. and it was good but honestly I can't tell the difference between Angus and regular / grass feed or corn feed but it was a good burger. We had fun ate and left.
Rating: 4
Text: Personally, I think Texas Roadhouse is a better value.
  
  It's good food.  But, what we generally order costs less at Texas Roadhouse.  Four stars due to higher prices.

  We go to either one for birthdays and anniversaries.
Rating: 5
Text: Okay Cedar Rapids, we had a coupon and gift card for Outback Steak house(someone gave us for our Retirement,  we have NO idea who, sorry, everything got shuffled). That being said, HOLY COW,  that was one of the BEST steaks I have had in 20 years! The chef always works weekend nights, has been there 15 years. (Yup, I asked and made sure I tipped him personally,  something that is not done much anymore,  he was very happy ) My recommendation : 11oz Ribeye, medium , and right now they have all you can eat shrimp..The staff was amazing! 5 Stars!
Rating: 3
Text: New waitress?? Salads took long time. Had to ask for bread. Half way through salads they brought our meals. Had wrong salad dressing on one salad and missing the shrimp part of our combination meal!!  She Was nice but needed more training.
Rating: 5
Text: Had a great experience. Monday night is the time to go. We had no wait and the food was fast and tasted fantastic. All staff were extremely helpful and attentive.
