Ovation 10 Bloomington
Rating: 5
Text: This is our go-to theatre for limited-release films (which we would otherwise have to drive into Chicago to see).  LED signage at each screen's entrance advises as to when moviegoers can take their seats for the next showing.  Decent variety of options in the concession area.  A few fast-food restaurants nearby (esp. Steak 'n Shake) for those who'd like to do "dinner & a movie."  Close to I-55 (which makes for convenient access for those traveling here from out of town).
Rating: 4
Text: Big seats, very comfortable. A good place to have dinner at the movie with some friends. My wife does this for mom nights out. Food is pretty good, popcorn bowls are huge. Screens aren't that big but the picture quality and sound is good.

One gripe is that the web page listed on google seems to be fake or something. It's just a jumble of ads. I had to use fandango to find movie times.
Rating: 5
Text: Reserved seats are comfortable and clean (even for larger or elderly patrons) with lots of leg room. Sound and screen are excellent. Food is quite good and cooked when you order, so it usually arrives about 20-30 minutes into the movie. Servers are friendly and helpful. Free refills on non-alcoholic beverages is a great perk, although the glasses are large enough you might not need any. Arrive early to order with the lights up :)
Rating: 4
Text: Are so much food here! Drinks are good! Servers are well trained and helpful. Seats were very bulky, no movie cuddling here.
Rating: 3
Text: Seems like I'm always a little frustrated when we see a movie here.  It's close to home, and does have some things going for it, but the staffing doesn't seem to be all that solid.  We can get an order taken, but it's awkward finding a good way to pay and tip, since we have no intention of handing over any if our cards for someone who will be leaving out sight.  Paying in cash has it's own awkward challenges, since you may not see your waiter for a while...you almost have to plan ahead for this part of the trip. And then if you want to order more, you get to go thru it all over again.  Aside from that, the climate control doesn't seem as comfortable as it once was.  We like this theater, but every experience comes with a downside.
