P.F. Chang's
Rating: 4
Text: Decent food, great server

I have been more regular here and make a special order off the menu most of the time.  It usually doesn't turn out as ordered on the first try, but when correct, is really tasty and enjoyable. Have had the same server a few times in the bar, Tiffany.  She is unbelievable.  She recognizes the mistakes without me having to explain it and has the order redone correctly.  Very impressed.
Rating: 4
Text: Service was very good but food was slow in arriving. Lunch was tasty and the portions were generous.
Ladies bathroom (4 stalls and hc accessible) was clean but lighting was not makeup friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great place for a different night out from the normal. The decor is dark and relaxing. We always sit at the bar so the service is always great. We also always take advantage of the happy hour food and drinks.
This location has quality people in a quality neighborhood.
Rating: 4
Text: PF Chang's food is always a delight. It's definitely on the expensive side of things, with entrees averaging around $14, but the food is well worth the price. The quality is way better than your average Chinese restaurant, as you can tell they put time and effort into their creations. It's worth knowing that they have a rewards program that will send coupons to your email address. This visit I used a BOGO for a free entree. The service could've been better, but was by no means lousy. If you have room in your stomach and wallet, the desserts are enormous and delicious. Great date night! Making reservations is really easy and will let you skip the line! 
Rating: 1
Text: Went in for lunch, was sent to bar away from other customers. Dust on display wall was thick n nasty. The food..surf n turf..dry dry bland and tough. Orange chicken was like eating a peel with hot sauce. Kungpow chicken..not edible. Saki was heated in a microwave. Worse lunch ever!! Especially for 132.00!!
However...our waitress was a sweetheart.
That evening all 3 of us were extremely ill.
EAT AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!
I would hit a negative star if I could
