Paddy Malone's Pub
Rating: 5
Text: If you're seeking a memorable experience with friends and family this is undoubtedly a "top notch" spot to do so. When you arrive the staff is friendly, prompt, and they all smile making patrons feel welcome.  The food is savory and the drinks seem to "hit the spot"...
I would encourage anyone that makes the good decision to give Paddy's a try to ask for Alan or Tommy while you're there... ask them to share with you their stories about their voyages crossing the Atlantic Ocean to visit Ireland. It's fun listening to them recall from memory the neat things they've seen with other people, they took with them, while abroad! 

Life seems to be about our experiences, yes? ? ... well, if you believe that I'd say you'll be glad you didn't miss this one!... ask your server what to order as far as food and beverage, they won't disappoint. Enjoy. ?
Rating: 5
Text: Some of the best food in Jefferson City! You have to try a burger but you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. It's a family owned business and the staff is knowledgeable and attentive. The atmosphere/history of this place is also extensive. It's a must visit when you're in Jefferson City!
Rating: 5
Text: The food was bountiful and very tasty! Very welcoming staff to newcomers. We will return... even driving from Columbia!
Rating: 4
Text: The service was good and the staff were friendly. Also in my experience, the food here is pretty good.  Do yourself a favor if you are in the area and give it a try.
Rating: 1
Text: Don't come here for the food. I visited this restaurant hoping to have a decent dinner in Jefferson City. Decided on this place after looking at the online reviews and the fact that they allowed me to bring my dog. 

Pros: Laid back place, decent selection of beers. The service staff were very friendly with the exception of one waitress.

Cons: The waitress put her feet up on the bench I was sitting on while taking my order like that was normal behavior. Food was terrible. I ordered the house burger and mashed potatoes. The burger had no flavor or sauce on it - dry and chewy. My partner ordered the fried chicken sandwich which had no seasoning and no flavor. We both couldn't finish our meal.
