Paddy Jack's
Rating: 1
Text: We went in on Saturday around 3pm and the sign said please seat yourself so we did. There was a couple at the bar and another couple at another table and that was it. The couple at the bar got waited on and the other couple did but we didn't. We sat there for 10 min before we were wondering if someone would come up to us or even just acknowledge us. After the couple got served but the bartender we watched where she went to see if she'd seen us but she walked over to a table where another server was sitting and they were just chatting and rolling silverware. So we watched them hoping they would see us and 5 min later a cook was standing by their open kitchen area and made eye contact with us and then looked over to the servers who were just rolling silverware and chatting and he didn't say anything to them. So I looked back at hat table and the server mid sentence looked directly at us, stopped talking and then looked away and  continued to talk to the bartender. So after literally making eye contact with 2 of their employees and no one saying anything we waited 5 more minutes for anyone to move or get up. And since no one did we got up and left after sitting there for about 20 minutes without a single employee acknowledging our presence. My first time there and was really looking forward to it but we Won't ever be going back to this place. Seems to be poorly managed if no managers were present at all and since they really don't care if their employees do anything. Really disappointed
Rating: 1
Text: if you call in order for pick up, plan for it to take 15+ minutes just to order 2 sandwiches and takes 2 different conversations with 2 different people and then an upcharge for everything and then an additional 15-20 before food is ready for pick up. 
staff NOT well trained, NOT friendly, NOT good customer service, NOT fast service.  go to the new CHICK FIL A down the road. MUCH FRIENDLIER, MUCH QUICKER, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE.  ORDER IS ALWAYS CORRECT AND DELICIOUS.
Rating: 4
Text: The food was very good, I had the Philly Cheese style sandwich. The onion rings were good, but a tad greasy.  Our server was pleasant. Prices for a grilled cheese were a tad high. My only real complaint is that the restroom could use a good clean, and the noise from all of the TVs was a bit much.  Overall, I would go back again.
Rating: 5
Text: A great lunch. Worth the drive from Michigan. Be back again.
Rating: 4
Text: Good place for variations on the grilled cheese. Cowboy burger is great, and they have delicious ranch dressing
