Palomino
Rating: 4
Text: The food was amazing! I got a 3 course lunch for $19 with a drink. I ordered the Mushroom Soup, French Dip, and watermelon sorbet. The French Dip was great and the Au Jus was just the right amount of salty and savory. I also was a huge fan of the Sorbet - a nice finish on such a hot day. 

The only complaint that I had was how long service was. I think we waited 25-30 minutes from our salads until our entrees came out. If you are not in a rush and want an enjoyable and relaxing lunch, this is your place.
Rating: 2
Text: Stopped by for lunch while I was visiting in town. Sat at the bar. It took about 40+ minutes to get a salad. It was good, however they don't seem to be properly staffed. There was only one person running around the lounge area. Food appeared to be delayed for everyone.
Rating: 3
Text: Gets a 5/5 for location and ambience
Wait staff: 4+
Food looks good. My friend and I both had salmon. Mine came with a cultural/ethnic twist. His was just regular and was good. For me the sides; rice cakes of some sort were extra salty and the salmon was not tasty despite the curry. I guess stick with traditional options if you go here. 
Rating: 2
Text: Went here for dinner on 11-2-2017 with some friends from work. We ordered several appetizers with one being the Brussel Sprouts per another reviewer’s recommendation, but several of us tried them and none of us were overly impressed with them. They were cooked properly and are fine as a side dish, but for an appetizer they were lacking any special flavor  (needed some bacon or something like that with it to give it some zeal). The bruschetta received better reviews as did the artichoke dip  and some cheese thingy that I didn’t try. I ordered the prime rib and at $37 expected it to be significantly better. The steak was tender and cooked correctly and the horse radish “sauce” did have a nice flavor. I didn’t hear any of the 12 of us rave about any of the dishes we ordered. The drinks were pretty good and were not watered down. The wait staff was on top of lost things except I had to wait 10 min to get my water refilled. The waitress poured tea for my colleague and that’s when I started waiting on the water (stating to the waitress, “oh, I thought that was water” when I held my glass up to be refilled.  For the prices of Palomino I’d recommend going elsewhere for a tastier meal (especially when dropping about $60 per person.)
Rating: 1
Text: I guess it was just a bad night at the Palomino as two people recommended it to a co-worker and I but it was awful. First it took an hour and a half to get our food, then both were overcooked (fillet, and baked pasta). They forgot his salad completely and claimed my pasta is supposed to look like that (sorry folks cheese is never supposed to be black). They ended up bringing him another steak which he said was ok... my pasta didn't have much for flavor. Like I said, it may have just been a bad night but I wouldn't take that chance again.
