Panera Bread - St. Louis Bread Company
Rating: 1
Text: St. Louis Bread co. has never been disappointing before today. Maybe it was the location. But the unsweet tea was definitely mislabeled. Very reminiscent of good ol' southern Louisiana sweet tea. So, if you're needing to watch blood sugar levels BEWARE! The bread was actually quite tough. The waiter was somewhere in his own mind. He brought out the wrong order and took the number for the table. He was in a state of confusion. Ugh. I was raving about how good this company is because it usually is but, not this location.
Rating: 1
Text: The service was unacceptable  (our for here order was sitting on the counter while the pager was on the table outside).  After 10 minutes I we f looking. 

Plus the restaurant is filthy inside and out  ... We like this place but they seem to be doing everything to chase us away. SAD.
Rating: 3
Text: Been going here for years, mostly for the Hazelnut cofee, which, half the time is out, and I have to wait 5 to 10 minutes.  They really should have 2 cannisters of Hazelnut given its popularity.  A few times, when the coffee was out, some employees where just standing around and talking, doing nothing.  For this, they want customers to tip, even for to go orders.  Not me.  All in all, good place, but there can definitely be some improvement.
Rating: 4
Text: Very disappointing visit to Breadco in Shiloh. Today was the worst!! We've been coming here at least twice a week since this location opened because of panera's great food and service and the neighborhood feel. This Breadco has been going downhill for the last year. Service is confused, inconsistent, sometimes rude, milk and coffee run out, bathrooms are dirty, outdoor dining area is mostly unkempt, lots of bird droppings on chairs and tables, umbrellas unattended, service staff appears untrained and disinterested, orders are often wrong. The manager makes excuses! We love the panera bread menu and concept. Please fix this!
Rating: 5
Text: Great service, food was tasty, Brandon is a very hard worker, I recommend it!!
