Papa Leno's
Rating: 5
Text: I've wanted to eat here for a long time but only had the opportunity to recently. It was so incredible! Even better than I had imagined it would be. It's surrounded in a very unique atmosphere as well. Don't be silly and wait like I did - go now! 
Rating: 5
Text: I'm really not an objective observer here. I love this place because it invokes good memories of my college days. 4 stars are definitely well deserved though. Try the Stromboli sandwich.
Rating: 5
Text: This quaint restaurants staff was very friendly and helpful. Pizza was delicious and filling. There are other great menu options such as appetizers, pasta, and sandwiches. Took a team of 30 and were easily seated, we did call ahead. Food was brought out within 15-20 minutes.
Rating: 2
Text: Well I was told this was the best place to eat in Berea. The line was long and even the people in line said it was amazing. I wish I could say the same. By the time I sat down to eat my food..... the famous breadsticks everyone raved about..... was so cold, they became hard. The lasagna was good and somehow still warm. I waited for at least 25 minutes for my food. I was sitting right in front of the counter watching the waitresses walk by multiple times. I noticed when they placed a to go box under their warmer and after 10 minutes, I thought I hope that isn't mine because it had been sitting there for quite some time. I even commented at one point to another customer about it and noticed she also had questioned where her food was. Sure enough that was my food under the warmer for at least 15 minutes. When my food was finally handed to me, I asked " is it still hot?" And that I noticed it had been ready for quite a while. She replied yes.....well nope no it wasn't. Before bringing me my food, she was talking to another waitress and looking at me. They knew they were in the wrong and that I had been waiting far too long. I don't think I will be coming back!
Rating: 4
Text: This place was better before the expansion years ago, but still good food. I love the pizza and lasagna. I can walk up the street here and I have a good meal and good service.  The bread-sticks that are INCLUDED with your meal are covered in butter.... yes.... but still good. I would recommend this place. The only thing here so far I do not like is the fettuccine Alfredo... it was a bit watery for me.
