Pappy's Smokehouse
Rating: 4
Text: Cool, trendy place. The meat is good, tender well cooked. Not a lot of flavor though. The house sauce was tasty.  A rack costs $23, which is reasonable, but I did not see the size.
   No mac and cheese, but the fried corn on the cob was interesting.
   It is connected to "Southern", a fried chicken place which is well reviewed. The food looked good.
Rating: 5
Text: Definitely one of our top 3 BBQ places ever. The shaved brisket was delicious as well as the BBQ ribs. Their hoodoo sauce was just the right amount of heat. And when the guy from man vs. Food has been there, you can't go wrong. Baked beans were super yummy however, the slaw lacked a little for our southern tastes. Overall still give the place a 5 star rating because the rest of the food was just that good.
Rating: 3
Text: Great place for lunch.  Avoid coming here for supper because you have a strong chance of being turned away if the manager feels like closing up early. 

 I'd give this place 5 stars for the delicious food they serve if they had better management and customer service.  I've stopped by a couple times now for supper and they claimed they were "sold out" of all food and closing early.  The last time this happened, the restaurant was full of customers who had plates full of food.  I asked them..."You are sold out of EVERYTHING?....I'm not picky...I'm just hungry.  You aren't scheduled to close for 45 minutes...are you sure there is nothing you can sell me to eat?  Where did all the food those people come from?"    They said..."Nope...we are closing early...sold out."  Sounds like the manager just wanted to go home early...
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing! Wonderful Frito pie, a huge pile of yumminess.  The chicken is so moist, the brisket as well is very tender.  Sides are well done and are a feature in themselves!  Great staff and service.  Good place for one or a group to eat.  Manager just walked the room and every table was a positive!
Rating: 4
Text: We loved the ribs.  Did not care for the potato salad.  Baked beans good.  Stood in line to place order for 20 minutes or so but got food before we could even fix our drinks.  Well worth the trip!! I wish I had chosen sweet potato fries or baked potato.
