Parrot Cage Restaurant
Rating: 2
Text: This was my first time at the restaurant. The atmosphere was romantic and elegant (we were the only 2 there for the first 10 minutes) and the waiter we called D was extremely professional; you would have never known he was a student doing an internship if it wasn’t revealed. The menu was simple which I liked with 4 options of entrées to suit everyone; there was salmon, steak, chicken, and vegetarian. Four courses for only $25 and the salmon and steak was delicious. My ONLY issue with the experience was that at the end of the meal there was a fee on the bill called a “Scholarship Fee”. One of the reasons I initially said I would go back was because it is a restaurant giving students the experience they need to succeed so I’m all for educating and supporting students. My problem with this is that we were not informed of it beforehand. Therefore, I feel like we were being forced to contribute to this cause when it should be optional. We were told it wasn’t option and we had to pay it. What if…. Just what if we only had enough money for the meal and a small tip? What would happen then? I had plans on taking my mom and daughters there to support the school and introduce them to this hidden gem of a place, but that left a sour taste in my mouth and not sure now. The fee is based off the total bill amount so it was only $6, but it is the principle of the matter. This should have been listed on the menu or disclosed before the bill arrived and being told it HAD to be paid. Customer service is everything to me.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food clean environment and  romantic setting.keep it up
Rating: 5
Text: Great experience all around! My wife and I had dinner here to celebrate our 18yr anniversary. We had our wedding at the South Shore Cultural Center so this was the perfect place to have dinner and celebrate. I requested the best table in the house and when we walked in they had placed a reserve sign on our table. The food was good and the waiter went out of her way to ensure we were having a good time. They brought out complimentary sparkling apple cider in tall champagne glasses for us and really dressed up the desert especially for us. It was quiet with a small crowd, good background music, the ambiance was romantic and the view was fantastic. Quality cuisine at affordable prices. Thank you for a making our evening special!
Rating: 4
Text: I went there about 2 weeks ago with my wife and son and the food was amazing. The decor was so romantic. We went on a Friday night and had a 7:45 pm reservation (which the last reservation is at 8). The place had just the right amount of people in it. I think there are less people toward closing hours which makes it more romantic. It seemed as though we were transported back to the 50's I should have had on a tux and she a lovely night gown. Unfortunatley we were unable to see the lake due to it being night. The service was bad at best but the food made us make a reservation again for tonight!
Rating: 1
Text: After making a reservation several weeks ago for my wife and two friends, I received a call an hour and a half prior to the reservation that the restaurant would not be opening. The reason given was that there were not enough students to serve because of the new semester. How unbelievable is that for a restaurant that has been and is the practice application arm of the school for decades! Our friends were coming from a far north suburb to join us. We were so anticipating the experience. C'est la vie! No Bon appetite! 
