Pegasus Taverna
Rating: 5
Text: If you like Greek food and you're in the area, Pegasus Taverna should be at the top of your list.  The hostess and server I had were wonderful.  If you don't know, like me before eating here, the sides are all tomato-based so if tomatoes aren't your thing you may want to look elsewhere unless your just hitting the bar for drinks.  This is a nice atmosphere for that too.

At the suggestion of the server I got the Lamb Shank which was very good.  Choices for sides were green beans or peas and rice or potatoes.  I got green beans and rice with mine.  The serving was enormous and the food was cooked to perfection.  The lamb literally fell off the bone.  I would gladly eat here again.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I drive up from Toledo regularly just to eat at Pegasus. It can get a little busy during peak hours, but for good reason! The food is fantastic, from the Skordalia to the Grape Leaves to the Baklava. Highly recommend Pegasus.
Rating: 5
Text: Great atmosphere, awesome customer service, plenty of vegetarian options.  I ordered the egg plant moussaka. Definitely a restaurant to hit up when you're in Greek town!
Rating: 4
Text: The service was good, but the food was delicious. I can't remember the name of the dish I ordered, but it was beef sirloin braised in a delicious tomato sauce with a side of rice and peas. I plan on returning to this establishment very soon. It is located very close to the free parking at Greektown Casino, so unless it is a Saturday night there's always somewhere available to park. It is about one city blocks worth of walking from the parking structure to the restaurant, but Monroe Street is an experience within itself on the weekends. I highly recommend this restaurant.
Rating: 1
Text: Vegetables means cooked peas with some weird sauce. Waiter never checked on us. Didn't know the beer prices. Was a rude waiter. Then was made fun of for not wanting to give them my credit card for them to walk to the front of the restaurant to swipe for me. I asked to speak with the manager and the waiter said wow!.. ya I'll go get him while laughing. Mediocre food and terrible service is how I would sum up my experience.
