PEGGS
Rating: 1
Text: Both myself and my family have been customers for many years at Le Peep. However, when we came in for breakfast today, the owner was not very kind to my mother when food was not done correctly, and we sent it back. It was intimated to us that even though we are frequent patrons, we were costing them money when we would send back food that wasn't prepared the way we had asked for it. It was upon hearing that, I offered to pay for the cost we had supposedly incurred to them for every time we sent a dish back. I don't feel as if it is our fault that food is sometimes prepared correctly, and other times it is not. But to give my 82 year old mother a lecture about this matter in front of other customers was a great embarrassment to her and completely unnecessary. When I tried to get some hot coffee, the waiter lifted up the carafe and shook it, as if he was trying to see if there was some coffee left in the carafe and we wouldn't be wasting the coffee for which we paid. I own a local small business myself, and if my employees make a mistake I ensure that it's taken care of at no additional cost to the customer, because that is how you keep repeat business. My parents had been going there for a decade before my dad passed away, I continued to come here with my mother because it reminded her of the good times her and my father shared together here. To see her now treated with such a degree of disrespect, as if she was sending food back for the fun of it, broke my heart. No repeat customer (or customer at all) should be made to feel like their patronage is unappreciated, and to publicly demean a senior citizen who is also now widowed, is simply unacceptable to me.
Rating: 5
Text: Had the breakfast tacos and they were great. Was really busy and I had a very short wait. Waitress and service were excellent.
Rating: 5
Text: They always do a great job with my food! Their service is fast and friendly. It is crowded here often so it's best to make reservations and be on time for them! Parking is difficult at times as well with it being downtown. The food is totally worth it though! You also can call in to-go orders and they are always ready on time. 
Rating: 2
Text: Special event so they open for our group of 84 for dinner, usually a breakfast and lunch place.  The decor was nice, but they were not ready for a large dinner crowd, two servers and multiple tables didn't get drinks, and portions were very small.  The staff was friendly, but not very efficient.
Rating: 5
Text: If you are looking for breakfast and you are tired of ordering from the same options all the time, try le peep. They have a large variety of different entrees to choose from. They know how to get creative when it comes to breakfast! The location is great in DTSB. It's nice, they also offer outside dining
