Penny's Diner
Rating: 4
Text: Good food, decent service. I've read the other reviews, and they don't seem accurate, except for the small portions. When I pay $9 for a skillet I expect more.
Rating: 3
Text: Let's be realistic. It's a diner!! Good enough to finish.
Rating: 1
Text: My first thought was to cut them a little slack since they got hit hard by the crowds coming to the area for the eclipse.  The longer we sat there, the more I saw that was unacceptable.

1)  The one and only cook, wiped her gloved hand on her clothes and then proceeded to handle more food.

2) this same cook was apparently unwilling to step up her pace on cooking up the orders, or was just simply incapable.  Needless to say, your food will take 45 minutes to get, regardless of how many people are there.  This was despite multiple customers cancelling their orders and leaving.

3)  Bland food, and nothing seems to be fresh, as it was overheard a question about draining the juice off of green beans for an order.  When my sister has to salt her food and is even considering using hot sauce, I know it's bland!

4) Overpriced for the portions received.  It was $35 for three of us, which included drinks (no refills ever offered) and rather small plates.

5)  Disorganized staff.  It was hard to determine who was doing what, and that goes back to their slow service overall.  The rest of the staff is going to take their lead from the cook.

6)  Trash can was overfull and spilling over behind the counter.

7)  When it came time to pay the check, nothing was said to just come to the register.  Our waitress cleared our plates away and then ignored us, until I walked up to the register.  If I get good service, I tip accordingly.  I gave a small tip, and that was just because it's my nature to give something.

8)  We don't visit the area often, but you can be certain that the next time we're in town, we will continue on down the road.
Rating: 5
Text: Had a wonderfull experience,  pie & homemade shakes were delicious & the service was great. The young lady working had a wonderful attitude.
Rating: 1
Text: 45 minutes to get our food. It was so bland! Service was slow and she never asked if we wanted a refill, how our food was, and after she cleared our dishes she didn't tell us to go to the register to pay. The food was overpriced, small portions and they microwave your mash potatoes. Skip this place!
