Pier W
Rating: 5
Text: Last place my mother took me to for my birthday before she passed away. The food was great. The View spectacular. It is a classy place so prepare to spend a little more. Well worth it though.
Rating: 5
Text: We spent our anniversary dinner at Pier W. They went above to make sure it was special. The menu was "anniversary" personalized and they brought out a special dessert, too. Dinner and drinks were superb. It was a hazy night - but as the sun set, you could see the city lights in the distance. The overall vibe of the restaurant is upscale and classy. All in all, a great experience!
Rating: 2
Text: I am not one to write a bad review, however this experience is worth the rant. Last nights dinner was disappointment to say the least! We went on a Tuesday night (Halloween) so it was not overly crowded.  Our waiter (Daniel) immediately asked us about drinks, I was on the fence and when I finally decided not to get a drink it was clear he was disappointed. I got the lobster bisque which was watery (not a good thick bisque like I was expecting). My boyfriend ordered the calamari and a drink (which were both excellent). Once our entrees were order it took 50 minutes to get our food. Our waiter (Daniel) was clearly paying more attention to his tables that were ordering multiple drinks. I found this incredibly rude; he was absent for most of our meal, and we had dirty plates just sitting on our table between courses. For a $150+ dollar meal I would say it wasn't worth it. I would have expects quality service for the price. I would not recommend wasting your time here, the quality of service is sub-par.
Rating: 3
Text: Brunch is good. It's a little over priced with very little variety I'm menu if you've gone before. Breakfast options could be better.  Eggs are very runny and bacon is soft not crispy. All depends how you like it. Lunch portion is pretty serviceable and prime rib is pretty good.  All in all a solid option. The price is high for the quality of the brunch but the views are nice.  Good not great and a little expensive.
Rating: 5
Text: We went for the Sunday brunch, it comes with a glass of champagne or a mimosa. My husband and I loved it! It's buffet style and the food was imaginative and delicious! They had a variety of hot and cold dishes as well as a raw bar. I love Sunday bunches, and this is in my top 3. By far the best I've had in my area.
