Pierpont's at Union Station
Rating: 5
Text: Really great food. Starting from raw oysters to all other delicacies. They also have a full bar inside with a great selection of liquor and cocktails. Server was really nice and helpful in letting us finding good items. I will definitely return if I go to Kansas City again.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful restaurant with excellent food! The bar is gorgeous. They have a wall of bottles that catch the light. 

We had dinner in the wine cellar and they have a huge selection of wine. The rooms are private so it is great for large parties.

I had the Kansas City Strip and it was super tasty! Well seasoned. Perfect rare temperature. 

The dessert was a chocolate mousse pot and it was light and rich at the same time. Delicious!
Rating: 5
Text: Fan-freakentastic.  Must do for dinner.   Sourdough and steaks....wow.   Oh, the bar is one of the best around.
Rating: 2
Text: One of the worst steaks I've ever paid to eat at a restaurant. There was actually 18 of us in the group. Four of us at one table all got the same ribeye steak. Tasted like it had been previously frozen.  And tough like an old dairy cow. The potatoes were good though. 
Rating: 1
Text: Service is horrible, the waiter never check back after putting food on the table.  Olive Garden severs would provide better service than this place. Steak that I ordered was overcooked, it was hard and chewy.  Hard enough to knock someone out if you hit a person with it.  Long Horn's steak would be many grades above what I had.

I had a high expectation for this restaurant, but my experience dining there was horrible and subpar.  After reading the reviews, I was expecting food quality to be similar, or very close, to Capital Grille.  Surprisingly, food quality is similar to Red Lobster, which is quite low to what the restaurant is charging you.  Atmosphere is nice, but that is nothing special and it is dime a dozen in KC metro.

So, in short, this place is like buying a Honda Accord for the price of BMW 550.  If you dine at upscale restaurants on a regular basis, Pierpont's is worth skipping.
