Pig Minds Brewing Co.
Rating: 3
Text: Great ales with an awesome atmosphere. I wish they focused as much on the food as they do their ales. I think they may have lost a chef because the food keeps going down hill and the menu is created by non-vegans...for a vegan establishment? Really wish the food was better but there are delicious items still in the apps section for fellow vegans looking for good brews and junk food.
Rating: 3
Text: They are not very forthcoming with the information it's a VEGAN restaurant. We only figured it out when soy chicken was on our plates and tasted it. The food is okay, beer is good. Stick to the beer.
Rating: 4
Text: The beer and appetizers and dessert are worth the drive! We've had better wings at other restaurants but their nachos, garlic fries, and PRETZELS we're so good. Didn't care for the mustard dip tho. And we didn't like the Ruben sandwich, italiano, or burger, but now we know. Id recommend the chicken sandwich, and bowl of chilli, and bowl of mac and cheese. Our server, Dustin E. was the best! Thank you again Dustin!
Rating: 5
Text: This place is fantastic! Their vegan food is the best, I highly recommend the bbq flatbread. Their beer is super good, and they always seem to have new ones when I go, even if it's only been a few weeks. The past few times I have been there our server was Bjorn and he was awesome! Super friendly, quick, and had suggestions on what new to try. Definitely going back as much as I can this summer to enjoy the outdoor area.
Rating: 1
Text: Welcome to the land of incompetence. Let's start at the beginning. We walked in and saw a sign that said something along the lines of seat yourself, and so we said. We sat. And we sat. And we sat some more. Upon waiting for 10 minutes? 15 minutes? We were finally greeted by a waitress. Do you think she apologized for the blatant ignoring of her customers? Nope, she didn't. She dropped three menus on us, said "I'll be right back," and walked away. 

Okay, time for food, right? Wrong. We waited. And we waited. And we waited some more. Until FINALLY, our waitress returned. At this time we were ready to order drinks, appetizers, and food. She took our drink orders and said, "I'll be right back." So we again began to wait. When she eventually returned she set down our drinks and again said, "I'll be right back." 

I don't know how long she was gone, but when she came back we rambled off our order, ordering one appetizer and three entrees. Now, when one orders an appetizer they expect it to arrive at their table before their entree. Once the waitress left with our order we didn't see her again until our entrees came out...about a hundred years later. This is when she told us our appetizer would be out shortly (if she even knew the meaning of the word). 

At one point during our meal, one waitress (not ours) yelled, directly over our table and into my ear, "Give me those menues!" It was incredibly unnecessary and completely unprofessional, and I did not appreciate it. Throughout my meal, I could see this particular waitress interacting with other humans, but never seen someone be so incredibly rude to that many people at one time. 

Our appetizer finally arrived, and over all the food itself was a disappointment. It was all poorly constructed, and lacked any real flavor. At the end of the meal, I had only eaten half of my entree, as I was paying for it I decided to get a box to take it home with me. It was about 30 plus minutes until we got the check, and even longer before we got a box. 

All in all, our experience at Ping Minds Brewing Co. was subpar and disappointing. If your looking for incompetent service and inattentive waitresses, this is the place for you!
