Pilot Travel Center
Rating: 2
Text: Hit and miss when it comes to friendly employees. Even when they are semi friendly they still seem to act like they are doing you a favor by checking you out at the register. That or they are new and not fully trained to do things like money orders or load cards. That is if their Western Union machine is even working. 3 out of 6 times I've tried getting a money order something or another wouldn't work or connect. I was not happy this evening when I tried to get one and the clerk seemed annoyed by my request and asked the other how to do a money order bc she doesn't know how. The other clerk said it's pretty simple. Then my clerk responded by saying this is why she doesn't want to work this shift...excuse me?? I didn't realize having my business was such a big hassle. Once she got it rung in it said check device (the WU machine) she looked and it didn't connect. The other clerk said try it again if it doesn't connect it's not going to work and we won't be able to do it. They didn't try to solve the problem at all. Shrugged me off with a condenscending attitude like, maybe you should try coming on a day when it is working, Duh.
Rating: 1
Text: Rhis places restroom is the worst i been in for at least a year. Understaffed. I think you could walk bwhind the counter and grab tje cigarettes, and thwy wouldnt even notice. Cant buy anurhing if they dont even have a cashier at the front. There was just a pile of trash bags in the front. Gross place.
Rating: 3
Text: Have to say this is the first Pilot Travel center that did not keep up the bathrooms.  No toilet paper and paper towels were limited within a 15 hour period.  Bathrooms here need much more checking in on.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stop. Start actually cares about the professional driver. Showers were great! 
Rating: 1
Text: Disgrace! With Sapp Bross truck stop right across the street,to run your business like this....they should go over and check how to do it. Impeccably clean,stockedparking lot clean and smooth,fuel pumps clean,staff actually working(nobody is texting or playing with their phones),service quick,professional and polite...I promise right now that Sapp Bross has just won my business over from Pilot 100%! Good job Sapp Bross! Shame on you Pilot!!!
