Pine Room Tavern-Muddy Boots Cafe
Rating: 5
Text: This place is a must! Sweet potatoe fries were delicious! Actually everything we ate was great. Servers were very friendly and johnny on the spot with our food order and drinks. Music was local and very good. This will definitely be one of the places we will visit again on all our return trips back. Thanks Pine Room for making our first night here in Nashville wonderful!
Rating: 4
Text: This place is the definition of "small close-nit town tavern". It wasn't busy when we ate here for dinner and all of the patrons appeared to be regulars. We felt a little bit out of place, but the service was fast and polite and the food wasn't too bad. Their burgers are pretty standard fare, but the fish and chips (which comes with actual chips, not fries like you'd traditionally see) were excellent. While we were there there was live music, all of it country. Overall I'd recommend going here if you can handle feeling a bit like the odd duck. The food and atmosphere makes it worthwhile.
Rating: 5
Text: After my 3rd visit to Muddy Boot's, I feel its finally safe to say that it's my new favorite place to have breakfast! I absolutely love it. The atmosphere is warm & rustic with a touch of modern day class. The food is fantastic, always cooked to perfection & the prices are more than fair.  However it's the people who really make Muddy Boot's my new favorite hangout.  Never have I walked into such a place & felt as welcome.  I almost wanted to kick my boots off, prop my feet up, and stay a while! Definitely worth going to & well worth 5 stars!
Rating: 1
Text: We visted Pine Room Tavern after our Chocolate Walk in 2016. Loved it. Yesterday we returned after our Chocolate Walk and was very disappointed. It took them 10 minutes to take our order, about 10 minutes to get our drinks. The water had a hair in it. We waited about 30 minutes to get our food. My order was incorrect but too much trouble to wait for it to be corrected. Part of the order was packed to go and today we found ANOTHER hair in our food. Needless to say we would never recommend it nor will we ever return to it.
Rating: 5
Text: Small town restaurant and bar. Unique beers on tap. Good food. Huge homemade cinnamon rolls. Would have never found this place without my navigation suggesting it.
