Pita Pit
Rating: 5
Text: I always have amazing service here, especially from Dave! He is so nice and very considerate when it comes to making sure my pita is vegan.
Rating: 3
Text: I absolutely love Pita Pit, their food, and generally their day staff. However, last night was the final straw that led me to this review.

In the past three months I have visited Pita Pit many times, and 6, yes s-i-x, of these times they have closed anywhere between one hour and 15 minutes early. The reason this is an issue is that after the second time this occurred, I always have made sure to call the restaurant in advance to ask if they are closing early due to staffing issues. Unfortunately, every time I have called prior to making my way to Pita Pit (usually between 10pm and 11:30pm), I have never once had the phone picked up for my call. Maybe this is coincidence, but it is disheartening. I live nearly 1.5 miles away from Pita Pit. I have walked in sun, rain, and horrid storms to get to Pita Pit over a mile for my food. 

Last night, I arrived at 11:40pm and noticed the door was not opening (I've had trouble opening the door before, and wasn't sure if it was locked). A single female was working inside near the vegetable trays, I knocked on the door, pointed to the graphic on the window that says "Sundays - XX:XX - 12:00AM" and asked "Are you open?" She literally stood there, mouth agape, and stared me down, completely immobile. I asked a few more times, not sure if she was "spacing out" or something; she continued to stare me down for a solid 30 seconds, I am not kidding or exaggerating in any way. Not only was it blatantly disrespectful, it shows complete disregard for customers that I find appalling. To whomever was working the night of 10/8/17, you lack complete regard for customer service. Out of the 6 times I have arrived to a closed Pita Pit, this employee has been present somewhere between 2-3 times, and each time she either stares me down when I ask "Are you open?" or she pretends to ignore me.

If it was closing time, I'd understand ignoring customers knocking on the door. However, when it's 11:15PM, or 11:45PM, and I'm just trying to get a pita at night, it's completely unwarranted. To the owner, who has kindly replied to many of these reviewers' posts, please sort your nightstaff out. It's disgusting.
Rating: 5
Text: Incredible. Great taste. Awesome!
Rating: 4
Text: Great pitas; the bathrooms could use some attention, and the staff could be friendlier.
Rating: 5
Text: Lots of vegetarian and vegan options here. It's affordable for the quality of the healthy options.
