Pogolino's Pizza Place
Rating: 2
Text: in town for the night and wanted a pie for dinner.  located pogolinos with great reviews on trip advisor and such online.  service was lacking at best.  we waited about 7 minutes to be greeted by our waitress.  place was busy but not overly crowded.  pizza was good but took a while to get that too.. locals love it and everyone i talked to while there had nothing but good things to say.  our visit as out of towners could have been a little better.
Rating: 4
Text: Friendly fast service tonight, as usual. Our group had a medium half Italian sausage/half pepperoni,  medium Italian sausage with black olives, Caesar salad, and a house salad.  Everything was excellent.  Our glasses were kept full and we were checked on an appropriate number of times.  A very nice dining experience. We'll be back!  
I wish they had gluten free pizza.  Some members of the extended family need that option.
Rating: 3
Text: We used to LOVE Pogolino's pizza...  loyal to the Festus location because they really are different than their sister store in Desoto.  Festus has the brick oven that's been aged 30 plus years and they use the original recipes from their father from back when he started the business.  However, the last few times we've been there...  there he been more than a few monumental issues!  Twice, we've waited over 2 hours for hour food inside the restaurant because the kitchen completely got our order wrong.  Our servers for the most part are friendly but on a few different visits, we've had a hard time tracking them down to bring drinks or refill drinks.  No drinks no food ...  not good.  On the last visit, after two hours waiting, once they hot our daughters pizza right, only part of the pizza was cooked.  The other part was cold.  The chicken on their pizza was filled with gristle.  Yuk.  We had almost 2 full pizzas to bring home and instead of giving us boxes to place the pizza in, we were given small Styrofoam containers.  Another 15 minutes before they brought us the correct sized boxes.   Once, we ordered a couple of take home pizzas and by the time my husband was home, they were cold...  not even like warm.  Like the pizza wasn't fully cooked.   We're hoping that these last few months are more the exception than the rule because we don't want to have to find a new pizza place!
Rating: 5
Text: Not the absolutely the best pizza ive had b4 but it is good the upside to this place is everything on there menu is good and thats hard to find now a days. TRUMP 2020!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Visited here twice so far. Sweet people, family style vibe, great pizza at a great price, pretty good food otherwise. Would definitely recommend.
