Ponderosa Steakhouse
Rating: 4
Text: It was my birthday. The manager wished me happy birthday and gave me a 10 percent discount. At the end of my meal he sent out a large piece of iced chocolate cake with a candle. Very thoughtful, and the food was good.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I were trucking through the area looking for somewhere to eat and we happened upon this restaurant. Our experience was definitely a FIVE star visit. The waitstaff was friendly and constantly busy. Our waitress, Kayla, provided us with excellent service. She was friendly, fast, and very accommodating. She is one of the best waitresses we have ever encountered. And we also overheard a customer request an item that was not on the buffet and the manager, Richard, with no hesitation, fulfilled that customers request. Our visit at the Ponderosa was extraordinary and we will definitely return the next time we are in the area. Keep up the great work.
Rating: 3
Text: food is ok and the place looks nice. However, This place is too high in cost for the food they offer.
Rating: 1
Text: It is unfortunate that i must give 1 star. I am not one that rips places for something trivial but this takes the cake. Buffet did not look to inviting  (some stuff looked a little old and dried out)  was nothing i wanted so i gave them the benifit of dought maybe they were behind. As we went to table noticed waitress stations were really dirty, once again maybe they have been busy. Then our steaks came out (didn't look to good) but as our waitress sat our meal on our table a cockroach ran across the table!!!!  Waitresses response told it all. She did not act surprised or startled just stated I saw that I will get the manager. Manager came out stated he heard what happened and per agreement with their pest control company our meal would be refunded!!!  We toon our money and left!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Waitress was attentive. Food was excellent. Food bar was well stocked. Dessert bar lacked desserts. Ladies bathroom needed attention. Overall experience experience was good. 

