Portillo's Hot Dogs & Barnelli's Pasta Bowl
Rating: 5
Text: With items ranging from ribs to salads, this Chicago hotdog place is a great place to dine. The people are very friendly.  The wait is not horrendously long, but even when it is  long, it is worth the wait at the end. The food is great. I enjoyed the Italian beef and sausage combo. If you need to have anything like that, this would be the place to go.
Rating: 4
Text: People are friendly and helpful. Try their steak sandwich, it's really good. And if you are there on Monday, their ribs special is great. It fed three of us. Their pasta dishes are good, my nephew and daughter ate all of their pasta. Super kid friendly!
Rating: 4
Text: Portillos is pretty darn good food. The atmosphere is fun and relaxed. I worked in the restaurant industry for a long time, so here, IMHO is the bad:
1) splitting the line for Barnelli's pasta and Portillos hot dogs SEEMS logical, and likely helps flow-through during the rush, but it is weird, especially if you have a party with one person paying, and conflicting menu choices.
2) the prices are just a tiny bit high considering no table service
3) do they clear the tables? Do they not clear the tables? Why is it so hard to find a damn trash receptacle? 
4) please don't hide the cutlery, condiments and napkins from your customers. Please. Don't. The place is popular and crowded enough that this makes getting any of those items a pain.
That said, we will be back! The chocolate cake thing? Awesome.
Rating: 1
Text: Made a large catering order today, your employee Dawn was breathtakingly rude. I work in a restaurant nearby and would never dream of interrupting or being condescending and short towards a customer especially after making a $400 order. I will gladly give my business to other Portillos.
Rating: 4
Text: Great food and service but very unorganized.  Have to one line for something while if you want pasta or salad you have to go to another lime.  Even a different line just for alcohol.  Waste of time....just make it one line already!!!!
