Port Edward Restaurant
Rating: 2
Text: 2 maybe 3/5 Port Edwards Algonquin

Hubby and I went last night to see what all the rave was about.  I'm going to start by saying I was a little confused about what my service expectations should be because its a buffet but I have a waitress for drinks????  Point lost for impersonal and very slow drink service. Point lost for sushi not being fresh and overly chewy.  Point lost for hot food getting that dry/crusty layer onto the top  from being out to  long. Points lost for Brown lettuce and not ripened salad bar options. I tried a couple different dishes that tasted the same. Crab legs were good. 

Most of the  points go to the tacky or kitchy or whatever you want to call the decor that I was absolutely amused by!!! 

I'd like to say I'll give them another try but for 42$ a person probably not.
Rating: 4
Text: Port Ed's is one of my favorite places in Algonquin. If you sit in the bar area, you have a very nice view of the River. It's even more beautiful in the winter right after a snowfall. The bar has huge floor to ceiling windows and gives a very cozy feel. The bartenders are the best (Jorge and Lola) and won't disappoint you. They make great drinks and are always fun to chat with. The restaurant was build by hand by the owner and filled with many treasures from his adventures. You can tell much care and imagination has gone into creating the space. And I cannot think of a more unique place when it comes to decor. Where else will you find a boat in the water, inside a building, where you can dine in! I highly recommend giving Port Ed's a try for the ambiance and decor alone.
Rating: 5
Text: We were so relax we ate outside. I have a shrimp allergy , but my family loves shrimp.  Thwy accommodated  to my allergy very well. Also Doug wolf  was playing he is an amazing artists?
Rating: 5
Text: Ate on the porpoise sailboat and it was amazing as always.  It is a wonderful experience. Third time doing so. Food was excellent as always and our server Cynthia was amazing. Would definitely go back again.
Rating: 5
Text: What an amazing experience, as all dining should be. From making the reservation, to the sweet hostess, to an experienced waitress to the ambiance and beautiful new renovations to the delicious food. Great portions for the price too!! And don't get me started on the phenomenal TNT shrimp, salads, and yummy craft beers!! Looks like Port Edward is going to be my go to place from now on.
