Potrillos Mexican Grill
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed in town 6 weeks. Several visits at various times. The food was always good and plates were full. Very relaxing atmosphere.
Rating: 5
Text: If it was possible to give more than 5* rating I would. 

Food is AMAZING, always very flavorful, hot, extremely filling.

Waitstaff is also, AMAZING. Very kind, on top of job, go above and beyond.

Prices are very reasonable, almost cheap for the quality you get(which is great)

Building Upkeep is extremely important to me, they go above and beyond making sure it's always clean as can be, no sign of filth anywhere, not even dust on the pictures.

I definitely suggest eating here, hands down BEST authentic Mexican around this part of the US.
Rating: 4
Text: Great food and service. Good people. Definitely recommend!
Rating: 1
Text: They could not get the order out to our table at one time. It took five trips to get delivered. For 3 people. Not big orders. Just bad time management. Food isn't great. The pork in the green chili burrito was spoiled. I will not be back.
Rating: 4
Text: Having lived in both San Antonio, Tx and Denver, CO I know what good Mexican food is. We just recently moved to KS and the Mexican food there is downright awful, however after several failed attempts to find good Mexican food we found this place located 30 minutes from me and was pleasantly impressed.

*The service was very good.
* The chips were hot & the salsa was cold and tasty just as it should be.
* The beans were great, very flavorful, as was the rice.
* Our main dishes were good, not to die for, but much better than anything we've tried in KS & NE so far.
*The price point was amazing! 2 adult meals, 2 drinks, 1 kids meal and dessert for $25! We couldn't believe it.

The only bummer to the visit was that our sodas were flat and there was no music playing leaving the restaurant eerily quiet, however this seems to be the thing here as I've noticed this in several restaurants in KS & NE.

Overall, it really wasn't bad. If you're in the area or willing to make a drive and want pretty good Mexican food without breaking the bank, this is the place to go.  ??
