Pro Bowl West
Rating: 5
Text: I really recommend this ally!!! The staff is very nice and will not get frustrated to matter what! Just a few things you might need to know. If you are with people and they want to bowl too, press the Down arrow to add the second name. And don't go to Lane 1 because it is very buggy. You have to reset the Lane many times and it is just not a good Lane. And as of now, the bumpers on Lane 2 don't work. Any other Lane is just fine. Have fun bowling ?!!
Rating: 1
Text: A few of our party started off at the bar with some over priced drinks and heard the overly angered staff about an employee stealing. Which is never good but they also should have been angered over another male employee not washing his hands after eating food and returning to customers orders in the back of the kitchen. (You can see into the kitchen from the bar.)

When the rest of our party arrived we put our names on the waiting list to reserve our lanes and was told it would be 15-20 minutes. The woman at the desk told us this for over an hour! Other customers who were not on the waiting list were getting lanes before our party. So when a guest of our party voiced his opinion indirectly about the wait, we were rudley kicked out by the woman at the desk.
 
The customer service and sanitation was horrid for such a well google reviewed establishment. We will NOT be returning to Pro Bowl West.
Rating: 1
Text: This is the worst place to bowl in Fort Wayne, seating areas are dirty, approaches are so sticky you cannot slide. Who ever dresses the lanes has no idea how to setup a fair shot. Desk personal are rude and have tendencies to turn out the lights during league bowling while bowlers are bowling. Only good thing is the wait staff is very pleasant and efficient
Rating: 5
Text: They have the best staff ever! Very friendly and nice. Good music and great fun! They have really great food at a reasonable price. I recommend this place to everyone! Good job pro bowl west, keep up the good work!
Rating: 4
Text: Fun place pricey food good service strong jello shots
