Purple Onion
Rating: 4
Text: Manny and I were here twice today. ...we had delicious breakfast early this morning on our way back from a doctor appointment in the QCA...Our food was really good and the service was great. .before we left we noticed that fried chicken was on the menu for today. ..well that's his favorite so we came back tonight.   
  It was 7:15...we ordered our chicken. ....enjoyed our favorites from the salad bar ....and our coffee cups were topped off continuously by our waitress. The atmosphere was warm and friendly...Janet and her mother stopped by to chat....our chicken was prefect. 
  Serving us that  late meant these people were going to be late getting out the door but the quality of service was excellent and the smiles never wavered.
  Thank you for a very pleasant dining experience....I wanted to give you four and a half stars but there wasn't any way to do that.....why four and a half...well, if I gave you five you wouldn't have any incentive to strive to be better.
Rating: 5
Text: Had the homemade tenderloin, french fries and a strawberry rhubarb pie for desert.  The food tasted excellent; tenderloin was just the right thickness with a crispy tasty crust; fries were crispy and flavorful; the pie was served warm with your choice of whipped topping -or- ice cream.

Highly recommended.
Rating: 5
Text: We were looking for a place to eat along the interstate and decided to try it. They have a wide selection of food so anyone could find something they like. We had a catfish filet & fried chicken. Good food & excellent service. We will definitely stop back the next time we are passing through.
Rating: 5
Text: Very good food, homemade and nice service! Too bad I live in New York or else this would be my spot!
Rating: 5
Text: Not from around this area, we found the Purple Onion on google, we got in there about 7:30 (they close at 8). We had great service and good food, and we were given no problems arriving that late. Will go again, thank you Purple Onion.
