R&R BBQ / R&R Custom Cooking
Rating: 4
Text: Knew nothing about this place but was driving to see family and was looking for something other than fast food. Was very pleased with the food portions. I ordered the loaded baked potato w/ pulled pork. Yummy! Everyone seemed very friendly. Nice country setting.
Rating: 1
Text: My dad and I stopped and ordered a slab of ribs. Typically, a slab comes with two sides but not the case here. We ordered two fries and a side of beans and two cokes. The price was rather high weighing in at over $30. when I paid (by card) the owner asked me if I wanted to leave a tip on the card or on the table (mind you this is before I ate and there is no wait staff...you get your own plastic fork and drinks). I find it rude and bad business to solicit a tip from your customer when the customer paid for the meal and gets everything for themselves. The ribs arrived cool, the fries were susie q's and were barely done. A young girl brought the food and slammed it on the table and walked away. She lacked any personality and acted like she did not want to be there. My dad had to tell them the ribs were cold and that we did not get any plates. Were we suppose to eat the ribs in the little box the fries came in? When new ribs were brought we were given a song and dance that the warmers were at the correct 175F temp. Needless to say, being solicited for a tip either on card or table and then getting cold food and under cooked/barely cooked susies was a huge let down. We ended up leaving 5 ribs. They had a chemical taste rather than a smokey taste and were greasy. Horrible food and unprofessional manners by both the owner and the skinny rude girl who slammed our food down and neglected to give us any plates or to even smile. Definitely will never go back and will not refer anyone here. Over priced bad experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Great friendly service and great food, bigger sides would be better though, will go back
Rating: 5
Text: Came to R & R on a Sat at noon for lunch. It was great!  I had the loaded potato with pulled pork and my husband had the chicken leg quarter special. Both were wonderful!  Very friendly staff.  It was inexpensive too, great value for what you get!
Rating: 4
Text: I got the burnt ends and baked beans the Bruins were really good tender not a lot of fat great flavor the baked beans they were good but had a little too much smoke for my taste. My husband got the ham sandwich and fries.The ham sandwich was very good and tastes he said  and a decent sized sandwich.The  french fries were made to order from fresh potatoes not frozen and fried fresh and you get a lot for the price. I did think that sandwich was little pricey though for a ham sandwich. Everything was priced individually. The sauces were great as well. It was a combo of sweet, think and thin, and hot n spicy. They do close a little early though so check hours. We were in and out in less than 20 minutes as well. 
