Randy's House of Bar-B-Que
Rating: 1
Text: Food is average and without much seasoning or flavor.  Have to drown it in sauce to get any kind of taste out if it.  However the big problem was the service.  It  took about 45 min to get food (I was in a group of about 10)...How is this possible?  It's litterally prepared meat on a bun with a side.  There should be nothing to cook....and it definitely shouldn't take 45 min when we are the only group in the place.
Rating: 3
Text: Good enough for the average person that doesn't actually have a way to smoke meat at home. 

I wanted to try it and see how their food was, so I ordered the sampler (12oz total of pork, chicken, and brisket, with 1/2 a brat) with potato salad and seasoned green beans. 

Service was below average for myself and the family in front of me, and the cashier initially charged $4 more for the meal than what it was priced at (Got that squared away- a minor hiccup). 

I either got shafted on old brisket or it just isn't smoked right, but it was on the dry side with no bark, and if there was any seasoning then they were cutting costs and I didn't taste anything. 

The chicken and pork were cooked well, but the chicken was "watery" while tasting like baked and shredded. The pork was cooked right, but lacked flavor. 

The potato salad was really good, and I'd be tempted to  order just that. The green beans were also great, but as far as I could tell the only "seasoning" was a bite-sized, cooked piece of pork and some diced celery. 

The BBQ sauces I requested we're "sweet and smokey" and "Competition". 

I guessed, throughout my entire meal, which was which, as neither were identified with exception in the slightest difference in color. 

Bottom Line: If you are an average BBQ'er at home then this isn't the place for you, but I would recommend it for people that don't have access to a smoker. 

I wouldn't take my family here because I'm not wasting $50 on a meal that I can smoke myself for $50 and feed 20 people off of for a weekend. I'm glad I went without my wife and 3 kids.
Rating: 1
Text: This is not good BBQ in any State.  In fact, my gut tells me the food was microwaved.  We asked a local about it after the fact & they said the food was cooked off premises then reheated at this location.  No French Fries....  
Rating: 4
Text: Good food, quick service, decent prices, no frills.  Travelling through and this was an easy on and off I-70 for a decent and quick meal. 
Rating: 2
Text: Pretty sad. Food was just okay. Sat there thirsty with no refill and not very satisfied. Sides are in little styrofoam cups like a dip, small sandwich in a basket. Jus not worth the money. 
