Rascals Bar & Grill
Rating: 1
Text: My husband, daughter and I went in tonight for dinner. The evening started out well and then went south very quickly! We were treated horribly and will never ever go back! My husband ordered the king prime rib. Before our food had come out the waitress came over and told us "it would be a few extra minutes on our food tonight because we are waiting for someone to take care of something". Her exact words. Ok no problem. Then our food comes out and my husband's prime rib was cold. He told the waitress and she took it back and a few minutes later brought his meal back. At this time we are unsure if it's the same prime rib or if it was replaced. Half way through the $30 slab of meat again too cold to eat!! The outer edges were warm but not the inside! He said something to the waitress about getting a discount....not free....a discount since it was too cold to eat. She came back a bit later and told us "the kitchen people said there was no way that it was cold and that there would be no discount given because it was too expensive of a meal to discount!"  It's too expensive of a meal to not eat because it's cold!! I told the waitress you can touch the inside of the meat and see it's cold. She said "yes because it has been sitting here!!!" What nerve!!! My husband paid the $50 Bill leaving the waitress a minute tip and proceeded to the bar where the supposed manager was just  to let her know how unhappy he was with the way he was treated. Her response was "I can call my manager"! Really! Apparently the kitchen help and waitresses are running this place and not too well in my opinion. We are business owners and would never treat our customers in such a manner!! Needless to say they just lost us as customers!
Rating: 5
Text: had great time!! food is good good drinks and great service. lots of room
Rating: 1
Text: If I could rate less than one star I would.  Wait staff with horrible attitudes, owner and managers who could care less about customers.   I have owned a bar for over 24 years and would be ashamed if customers were treated like many were today.  Spent my last penny in this place. Will definitely warning people to not go there.  Owner needs to step up and acknowledge problems and apologize to customers.
Rating: 5
Text: My favorite bar, friendly easy atmosphere! I almost always seem to strike up a random conversion with some complete stranger.. love this place!!
Rating: 4
Text: We didn't eat but the food looked good. Happy hour from 3-5 with half price appetizers. Will good back again. 
