Ravanelli's Restaurant
Rating: 1
Text: Today we visited the buffet for lunch we normally have an enjoyable time today was not enjoyable.  

The first thing that greeted us was no one and we waited more than what would be a usual amount of wait time what happened is we ended up having to seat ourselves.

Now my husband loves your buffet and so does my father-in-law and having had you guys cater my wedding back in 2016 we have high expectations for you guys.  Today a majority of the food was cold to the point where I believe that my father in law and husband and I may become sick.  

When going to the cashier to inform them that we had cold food and that its dangerous to serve food that cold we where told "everything was made fresh".  If it was made fresh then why would the food be cold.

I would also say even thought you are an Italian restaurant putting cheese on everything is not a solution.  mash potatoes are meant to have gravy not cheese.

Also a steam table does not cook food 

Sadly we will not be returning to what was one of our favorite restaurants  

The one good point of this visit was the waitress that waited on us
Rating: 5
Text: My family and I are on vacation, since this place was within walking distance from our hotel, we decided to go there. there was plenty of food! We all took part of it home. (Everyone we saw leaving also had take out boxes) they have a variety of food which everyone enjoyed! The prices are very reasonable! I would recommend it
Rating: 5
Text: Specialty is fried chicken and Italian. One of my favorite places. The food is good and the prices are reasonable. I get 4 pieces of dark meat chicken, mashed potatoes, a large salad, cup of soup and bread for under $10.
Rating: 1
Text: Don't waste your time.
The staff was borderline friendly.
The atmosphere was dismal.
Depsite a half empty dining room, it took right at an hour to get our entrees. The food was tolerable but nothing to get excited about.
Never again.
Rating: 5
Text: The chicken fried chicken was great! Soft tasty bread and butter and my sons raviolli was very good, also. Nice place, nice staff, great food. 5 Star!
