Real Seafood Company Ann Arbor
Rating: 5
Text: We were celebrating a very important family event in Ann Arbor. With the amazing choices this lovely city possesses for restaurants, we decided on Real Seafood Company.
We were not disappointed. The staff was extremely friendly and our server, Teri, was personable, efficient, professional and one of the best we have ever encountered. Thank you, Teri. The food could not have been better. Insanely delicious.  Fresh! Beautifully plated! Mouth watering!
Also, we loved the atmosphere at Real Seafood.  Thank you to Teri, the Chef, management and staff.  You made our family event quite memorable.
Barb S.
Rating: 5
Text: We had lunch on a Monday & our waiter took his time and answered all of our questions nicely.  The meal started off with  fresh bread. The stuffed flounder was very good, I  paid a $1.95 extra for the sweet potato slices which had a sweet crispy Edge that made it extra delicious & the meal came with good creamy coleslaw.  My friend had the jumbo shrimp and said they were very good with the rice pilaf and coleslaw.
Would definitely go back.
Rating: 2
Text: Has been our favorite for years, but we went in for our twentieth anniversary. Both orders were delivered changed from what we ordered.  The more significant was that paella that in words and pictures featured half a lobster had no lobster. When asked, the waiter just said, "I forgot. We are out of that lobster. We replaced it with crab." There was no apology or offer to change anything.  My wife's meal was to have included fried sweet potatoes, but was regular French fries instead. Given the response to the first change, we didn't even bother to mention it.

The quality of the food was still good, but for the price (which they did not decrease), one also expects excellent service.
Rating: 5
Text: Best Seafood in Ann Arbor. I've been here about a dozen times with my family and we've never had a bad meal. Their delicious bread goes great with the clam chowder. Usually I get one of the specials, otherwise I get the salmon.  They are really picky with the seafood that they purchase so there's never a question about the quality. Coconut cream pie and chocolate brandy mousse are perfect for dessert lovers. 
Rating: 5
Text: I started with the fried calamari as the appetizer. I had the Chilean Sea Bass with the new Adobo mango salsa. For dessert I had the pumpkin cheesecake. Another wonderful dining experience at the Real Seafood Company.
