Real Seafood Company Toledo
Rating: 4
Text: Simply the best food in town.  I ordered the beef bulgogi.  It was served on a bed of  cabbage with white rice. The meat was expertly seasoned and cooked.  The sauce was sweet with a fair amount of spice.  Beer selection was on par with both Asian and craft beers.  Service was excellent.  I have been here many times and it is consistently amazing.

Only down side is no kid menus.
Rating: 3
Text: Less than impressed. I heard wonderful things about this place, so this must have been an "off" night .   The appetizers were great, but things went downhill quickly from there. Our salads were old and discolored.  Neither fish entree was fresh, both smelled very old but one tasted okay. I would like to try this again, but it won't be soon.
Rating: 5
Text: We went there tonight to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. We had reservations for 5 o'clock and had a wonderful choice of where to sit. The atmosphere was amazing. Beautiful large Center fireplace. I was very impressed with the ambience. I had ordered a surf and turf which was a filet mignon and a lobster tail. Also roasted harvest vegetables. My boyfriend had ordered New York strip steak with baked potato loaded. Both meals were absolutely delicious. On your birthday it is half off your meal. Alcoholic drinks are excluded. We are certainly going back. Our waitress was Haley, she was very attentive and a wonderful waitress.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food, beautiful views (outside and in), and super service. Had the blackened swordfish and per the waitress recommendation combined it with the Shanghai style. Bleu cheese coleslaw was also amazing as we're the complimentary doughy and warm rolls.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food and service.  The Lake Erie perch was the best as was the crusted brussel sprouts, lobster bits and the grilled asparagus.  Was there for a birthday celebration and received the discount as well as a brownie chocolate/ice cream dessert that even included a candle!  Anthony was our waiter and the attentive service could not have better!!
