Red Geranium Restaurant
Rating: 3
Text: We had made the reservation and  arrived a few minutes before 1pm, apart from water and rolls, no attention was paid.. When our other couple arrived at 1:05 pm, we all sat for over a half an hour until it seemed odd that the hostess was changing table clothes and we still had not been asked for our drink orders... Apparently we had fallen threw the cracks. Got that fixed... The food:
1) Breakfast steak ordered “medium” was shoe leather/why offer a choice? 
2) Scallop linguine had been under heat lamp until pasta was inedible/tough
3) It’s still a nice atmosphere, but we are locals and would like to get our money’s worth for what looks delicious on the menu. Just to let you know
Rating: 2
Text: We stayed at the New Harmony Inn with our friends, who stay on a frequent basis.  We made a 7:00 pm dinner reservation and were immediately seated, as it was not very busy.  Our waiter was very forgetful and we waited over an hour before we even got our soups, salads, etc.  The food did not arrive at our table until 9:00 pm and we were finally able to leave at 9:30 pm.  Our waiter was very apologetic and they comped our meal the next morning at the Inn when we check out.  I have to say, the food was very good once we got it.  We will definitely return, we are just hoping it was an off night.
Rating: 2
Text: I will start out positive, our service was decent. But the food was awful. I had a summer berry salad and added chicken. My chicken had zero seasoning and was not an entire breast. The berries were sparse and I had one sliver of almonds. The fried goat cheese was not like any goat cheese I had before. Tasted more like mozzarella but tasted like the oil it was cooked in. IT was not a 15 dollar salad. Maybe a side salad. The French onion soup had decent flavored but was over powered by the 3 inches of cheese in it thay I eventually had to cut out with a knife and toss on another plate. My husband's shrimp scampi was less to be desired. The rice was clumpy and dry and shrimp had zero flavor. You definitely don't get what you paid for. Unless it gets new chef I would never return
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible service! Very poor service for any restaurant, but completely unacceptable for a fine dining restaurant and especially for one that we've heard so many great things about from friends and family in the area.The server nor any other staff did not check on us once. Didn't ask how our food was, not one drink refill, and didn't ask if we wanted anything else. The server forgot part of our meal and wasn't even apologetic for it. The food was disappointing, not what the description was, and not worth the price at all. If anything, provide great service when you have mediocre food. They knocked off 10% since that's all they could do before 50%, which would have been sufficient. No manager in sight! We do not recommend this to anyone and will not be coming back. It's pretty sad when such a nice restaurant leaves a horrible taste in your mouth and a bad ending to a vacation. Save your money and enjoy some place else in town.
Rating: 5
Text: One of the most personal, fine dining establishments I've ever stepped foot in. Not only did I not know about this hidden gem but I have told everyone I know about the food...the people...the area. Wether it's renting golf carts and driving around or sitting in the grapevine bar while waiting for your table at the red geranium, I recommend new harmony and all of its beauty to every one. Thank you red geranium for the amazing food and great experience.
