Revelations Cafe
Rating: 5
Text: Fun casual dining with tables spread throughout inside a huge used bookstore. Wood fired pizza, excellent salads and great baked goods. Not the greatest coffee.
Rating: 2
Text: Foods ok and atmosphere is ok. Say they close at 5 but we went  at about 3:35 and they were closing everything and not very accommodating. Saying they decided to close at 4pm. They acted like it was awful that I wanted to look at some kids books while they were closing.  Oh well. Took the kids elsewhere.
Rating: 4
Text: The wood-fired pizzas are really tasty. Definitely the best option here. Everything is a bit pricey though. All around good atmosphere.
Rating: 1
Text: The only reason this gets one star is because it wont let me put zero stars. I've never been treated so poorly as when I came into this place. Betsy is rude and insults customers as well as the staff. Her insult to me was about my hair. I have well maintained dreadlocks and her comment was, "if it's one hairstyle I hate it's dreads; they stink." If I would have known that by going in there I would be insulted and judged on my choice of groom I would have never gone in there to spend money. I don't support businesses that mistreat human beings.  The rest of the staff is amazing and very personable, and I'm quite surprised that anyone still works there with the way they are treated.  The food is ok and the drinks are the same as any coffee shop. If you want to be treated badly and be disrespected then go to revelations.
Rating: 5
Text: good basic vegetarian and non-vegetarian fare.  excellent pizzas although the toppings are a little thinner than they used to be (but then, everything's gotten more expensive in this world).  good coffee, pastries nice, tho the scones aren't as good as they used to be (kind of bland now, but far better than most places and the fast-food places).  excellent omelets, pizzas, generous sandwiches.  interesting ambiance and great book collection.  this a shop where you can bring in your used books and you get credit toward future book purchases - so it makes for a nice personal library revolving door
