Robust Wine Bar
Rating: 3
Text: Went there excited to try a new place.  Don't have plans to return any time soon.  Nothing was wrong, but nothing was great enough to warrant coming back.  Food menu is unique--if you are looking for that sort of thing.  We got the crab topped trout and it was good.  Got to sit outside on a great night, but positioned right near the servers door so constantly had the back drop of a loud "BANG" as the door shut hard repeatedly.  Wine list is good as it offers a wide selection and they do a good job of categorizing the types to help you ID what you are looking for.  Service was...eh.  Overall impression was that it wasn't worth the price point given small portions.
Rating: 5
Text: If you are looking for a cozy wine bar with amazing food whose staff treat you like family, this is your place! Robust has always been one of our favorite spots, but they recently went above and beyond when it came to celebrating our parents' 30th wedding anniversary.  The staff at Robust created personalized wine flights to kick off a big vacation my parents had planned.  They also left cute treats on the table and took such great care of them.  My dad even said, "they treated us like royalty".  Thank you, thank you, thank you to Robust and the staff for making their anniversary dinner so special!  We will forever be customers of this amazing place!
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food, wine, and service- scallops were fantastically cooked and seasoned. Others had crab stuffed trout and chicken dishes and all said the best they have had!
Rating: 3
Text: I was there Sunday during the Webster Christmas walk and the food was great but service was not.  I had to ask for a plate and when the bartender handed it to me it was dirty.  She watched me pick off some dried food and didn't offer to get me another,  she just hurried off. She never refilled our waters and checked on us once.  Another server actually helped me.  I was disappointed as my daughter was in town and loves this place.
Rating: 1
Text: Nothing exceptional about this place except the prices. Exorbitant! 100 bucks for 5 glasses of wine, a small cup of soup, and a spinach artichoke app half as good as any chain restaurant. I'll never go back but please, by all means, go if you like paying way too much for nothing. PS I'd give zero stars if they'd let me.
