Rough River Dam Resort State Park
Rating: 2
Text: I have been coming here for the better part of 20 years for a late September fly in, making my reservation two years in advance every year. This year is the first time I have been disappointed. We always rent one of the larger cottages, and our unit had an inoperative central air conditioner, and they had installed window air conditioners in three rooms, plus a dehumidifier. This made it very noisy and difficult to sleep, especially with toddlers along this year for the first time. Also, my bedroom door was misaligned badly and wouldn’t latch, which meant the kids kept coming into my room. I brought all this up when we checked in on Friday evening, but the place was full and they couldn’t move us. Again upon check out, I brought these issues to their attention and they took notes. I’m certain they were already well aware of everything, they just seemed to try to appear attentive, yet offered no adjustment on our bill. I didn’t ask and simply left unhappy. This year certainly wasn’t up to their usual standards. The people are nice, the restaurant is good, but the lodging was, frankly, terrible. Did I mention the wallpaper was peeling away in several places? This dumpy cottage is number 217; if you’re checking in make sure they have it fixed up for you.
Rating: 4
Text: We were stuck in traffic for hours after the solar eclipse on Aug 21 and needed a room for the night. The staff at the lodge helped us out, gave us a comfortable cottage at a good rate, and made sure we had everything we needed when we arrived very late at night. I can't say much about the park, unfortunately, because our stay was so short, but we were impressed by the service!
Rating: 4
Text: Park itself is beautiful. Lots of nice photo opportunities. The lodge restaurant is OK. Not bad, but not great. At least the view is nice. If you buy a Kentucky parks gift card, don't plan on using it at the restaurant. They do not accept them.
Rating: 5
Text: My family came here to eat at the restaurant, as we sometimes do. It was very good, as usual. Every food I tried was top notch. It's a little pricey, but I do believe you get what you pay for. We will visit again, I'm sure.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food! Service wasn't. Our server introduced herself and we never saw her again. However, a young man who was obviously overworked waited our table. He was great!
