Route 66 Diner
Rating: 1
Text: First, we had soggy burnt fries that sat for at least an hour before being served, the waitress was more interested in a tip than to do her job. The restaurant was dirty and unkempt. Definitely rethink your decision before picking this for dinner.
Rating: 5
Text: My BFF and I were in St Robert to attend my son's Basic Combat Training Graduation on June 1, 2017. The diner was near our hotel. I had a PERFECT Chef's Salad!  Just like the ones I used to get growing up in Ohio. Everything diced up small, all the correct ingredients; hard boiled egg, two types of cheeses, ham, etc. I chose Thousand Island dressing. It was so fresh, delicious absolutely delicious! The diner was beyond spotless, looked like you could safely eat off the floor. It was all original,  right down to menus,  tile floor and Jukebox!  I highly recommend this diner. The staff were really great as well. They engaged with us and made our visit fun and memorable. I shared 4 pictures. I know you'll enjoy this if you get to go.
Rating: 4
Text: Fun old time dinner. Food was good an excellent service.
Rating: 3
Text: Soggy french fries. Excellent service. Outstanding malt shakes!
Rating: 1
Text: While out travelling my father and I decided to stop and grab a quick bite to eat. We saw the Route 66 Diner and thought we would give it a try. We arrived at 7:45 pm and were the only customers. We ordered 2 cheeseburgers with fries, a strawberry shake and iced tea. The tea was served with no ice and the food was horrible. Our fries were burnt and I told the waitress and she  informed me they have to cook them that way because they were fresh potatoes. The burger was half the size of the bun! When I went to pay the bill the waitress never apologized or removed the cost of the fries from our bill.  We didn't eat the fries at all. With a tip our bill was over 30 dollars! The restaurant was really dirty as well. I went else where to use a restroom. I will never go to that place again. Just gross. 
 
