Ruby's Family Restaurant
Rating: 1
Text: We stopped in due to the reviews... sad to report we were less than impressed.  The place was very busy, and we almost went there Friday night but went Saturday night instead.

As we walked in we noted the special, a NY strip streak, on the board out front.  The restaurant was clean and simple, a nice small-town diner feel.  The prices were very reasonable.  Staff was friendly and attentive, nothing negative to report there.  

Well, maybe one one thing.  We asked about the special and were informed they had just run out.  Not totally surprising, as small town places can't know how many specials they'd sell on a given night.  It happens.  It was just odd when we overheard the waitress offering the special to another table after we ordered.  It turns out that was really no big deal in the grand scheme of things.

Unfortunately, the food was... not good.  I got the pork chops.  I am not kidding when they were by far the thinnest cut I have ever received, less than 1/4" thick.  I've never seen such a thin cut.  Little surprise to find out they they were extremely overcooked, to the point they were practically inedible.  One in the group got the cod dinner - heavy batter, overdone and not much flavor.  Another got the chicken breasts - cooked properly but the seasoning was not very good, too salty. 

To those reviewing the breakfast or  burgers/sandwiches, I wish I would've gotten anything else in hopes that it would be better than what I ordered, but I doubt I'll give this place another chance as our table was 0 for 3.
Rating: 5
Text: I last visited in 93 and it was great! Today my wife and I met my two brothers and their wives there. I admit the meal took awhile, but the service was great, considering there were six of us. Our waitress Kaitlain was great , on the ball and very accommodating. I give her 5 stars! The food was great everyone agreed. Donald Luke's his meat rare but he still liked it. Also we were allowed to smoke in the smoking section. We're planning a couple trips back to Eminence next year and Ruby's Family Restaurant WILL be our eating place. Thanks guys! 
Rating: 5
Text: We had a very large group and they easily accommodated all of us. The breakfast buffet was very good and they kept it fully van with our large group emptying it! Our waitress did a fantastic job of keeping up with everyone's drinks and clearing plates. Will definitely eat here again next time we are in Eminence!!
Rating: 3
Text: My family just met in Eminence for a family get-together & canoeing. We went to Ruby's one morning for breakfast. Everything was fine EXCEPT for the coffee!! PLEASE-- Put coffee in your coffee!! It was soooo weak/watery!! I think Amy helped us. She did a good job! She appeared to be one of only a few people working there.
Rating: 2
Text: It's 2 and a half stars...... for breakfast 2 days.

The Good - The waitress was friendly and even offered to have freshly cooked eggs to order.  They open early.  The coffee was good and hot. 

Now for the bad - the food is cold on the buffet.  The food is sitting on a steam table to give the appearance that it is being kept hot but the steam table heaters are not turned on.

The decor - Zero stars.  At least it did not stink.

The locals come in and smoke in there so you may be breathing cigarette smoke.

Don't be in a hurry for ANYTING.  They staff there don't mind making you wait a long time for something.  When I did not get the check in a reasonable time I just walked up to the register.
