Rudy's Smokehouse
Rating: 2
Text: Sometimes I feel like Ohio should stop trying to make southern food. Ohio already ruined their chili, isn't that enough??

In all seriousness, the food there was possibly the driest barbeque I've ever had. It took me quite a while to get down the first (and only) bite of my pulled pork sandwich. We got the buffet, and the pulled pork was put out fresh  as we got there.

On the plus side, staff was super friendly. The environment was nice. Place seemed popular, had a decent enough crowd without being too crowded to where there was a wait or too much noise. So what do I know? Maybe that's how Ohio likes barbeque; Done wrong.
Rating: 4
Text: Tasty Ribs,  the rest, not so much......

The ribs were really good.  St. Louis ribs, trimmed perfect,  nice smoke,  very tender.  No complaints with the ribs. They were sauced perfectly,  with just the right amount.  The sweet sauce that they finished then in was really good! I was thinking about getting a bottle to go.  

 The rest of the visit was just so so. The counter girl was not overly friendly. In fact, they all seemed to have an I don't want to be here attitude.  I feel that it is a but pricey for a counter service BBQ restaurant. The decor is early American trailer park.   The sides were nothing to right home about,  including their "award winning" scalloped corn. In not sure what the hell that was.    

In closing,  good ribs, fair sides,  questionable attitudes. Your results may vary.  
Rating: 4
Text: The ribs were good and smokey.  Chicken wings were just regular deep fried ones, nothing special. I wish the bbq sauce was warm. But was good as a fast alternative before getting back on the road.
Rating: 3
Text: The brisket was just ok, and the pulled pork and the smoked turkey were both good. The fresh cut fries were very tasty. Unfortunately we had a not so pleasant experience with the scalloped corn, which had a very sour taste and ended up asking for a replacement side of the mac & cheese which again was just ok.
The inside of the restaurant had a nice feel to it, and the staff was very friendly. We would give this place another try. We did find the prices to be on the higher side. We had a 3 meat & 2 sides combo plate that was priced at $21.99 and didn't include a drink.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food, love going there. 
 I don't go often, but I have yet to be disappointed.  Well when they look their sweet potato fries off, that was a disappointment.
