Rustica
Rating: 5
Text: The atmosphere is relaxing, it's clean. Everyone was attentive and polite. Our waiter was more than patient and willing to give recommendations and explain terms we didn't understand, like blueberry agro dolce. The restroom was clean. And most importantly: every single thing was delicious!!! I have to say, best birthday dinner EVER!!! From the cheese board to the duck, to dessert, and even the after-meal tea was so flavorful and fantastic. HIGHLY recommend everyone give this place a shot. What a little gem. 
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible experience!!!  Food is over salted and overpriced.  The restaurant is overrated with an obnoxiously loud atmosphere.  Don't go here if you want to have a conversation with your table unless you bring a megaphone.  If you are not a regular, the pompous owner Bill will treat you as if you don't exist.  There are way better options in the Kalamazoo area than this joke.
Rating: 5
Text: Words can not describe my experience here.  The service was amazing, with great detailed explanations and suggestions. The food was delicious unique and fresh ingredients! I would highly recommend this restaurant to all!
Rating: 5
Text: A great must-eat restaurant in K-zoo.  My wife and I are always looking for great places to eat, and this one has made this list.

You have to call ahead the day of your planned dinner to get a table.  We sat near the host stand and watched as the host continuously turned away walk ins.  This may have been due to it being the weekend before Valentine's Day.  Either way, it's a less than a minute voice mail call to get you a table at a great restaurant.

The atmosphere is relaxed and calm.  The service was great.  Our appetizer (mussels) was really good.  My wife loved her chicken entree and my seafood entree was great as well.

We will definitely be returning.  Lots of the well-known eating establishments in K-zoo are bars/brewpubs/breweries that are usually packed and loud (not that there is anything wrong that, much love to Bell's, Beer Exchange, etc.), so this is a good change of pace from what we are used to.
Rating: 4
Text: Great food. Great service. Great night.
