Rye Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: Have enjoyed both a Sunday Brunch and a noon meal. Both were great. Lunch had the Fried Chicken, salmon salad (there were 3 of us) and for dessert a sharing of pumpkin pie.   It was one of the best I have ever had, it wasn't just plain old pumpkin pie but had wonderful flavors that remained with you mentally for days. So I found out that they offer pies to go and ordered for Thanksgiving.  Pumpkin, MoKan, Apple. 
PS
 The chicken was wonderful and so were the salads. But what do you expect from James Beard Award Winning Chefs. Kansas City is BLESSED.
Rating: 2
Text: Tried and tried to love this place, couldn't even like it. Great location, decent atmosphere, and the large crowds constantly streaming in peaked our interest.  After five to six dining experiences, sampling several items from the menu, every group we went with had the same consensus... the food is not bad, it's bland...very bland.  Rye benefits from limited options for flavorful breakfast in KC metro, however, two stars for effort.
Rating: 5
Text: I've been here twice and enjoyed both meals. The salmon was cooked to perfection. I think they cook the salmon better than most seafood restaurants in KC. My wife likes the chicken & dumplings. We also like that they offer free corn bread muffin & rolls
Rating: 4
Text: Love the dinner menu, Service and quality of food is always served hot & fresh. Veggies are right from their garden so the variety is awesome. I rate it a 4.5  they do a good job with carry out!
Rating: 5
Text: Midwest meets refined dining. There were several things that I wanted to try on the menu and will gladly go back to try the things I didn't get. I ended up getting the pan-seared whitefish which perfectly blended flavors and texture. I was wanting more sauce, but by the end I had sauce left. I also got a cocktail and was pleasantly surprised to get a mini bottle to refill my glass. And I got the cake instead of the pie and found it be decadent, but light. The food was all around excellent. Service and atmosphere was also enjoyable, though not as important to me. 
