Saddle Up Saloon & Dancehall
Rating: 4
Text: Went with 1 other couple. We had never been here or knew anything about The Saddle Up. There is a cover charge of $5.00, unexpected but worth it. We all had a great time! Food was very good. Great drink menu and a large cooler of water for everyone that is dancing. The dance floor was constantly busy. Great country music and watched great country dancing. They do offer dance lessons, which I would definitively need them. All in all we enjoyed our new find!
Rating: 5
Text: I love the country dancing. They teach you how to line dance. You just gotta find a dancer who will help you learn. Very friendly and positive atmosphere!
Rating: 3
Text: Saddle Up is pretty fun for new people. They have a cover charge of $5 which sucks if you go after the dancing lessons are over. The staff is a little questionable and will kick people out for no good reason other than to boost their own ego. The regular bar patrons tend to take over the dance floor and sometimes will push newcomers off the dance floor. That being said, it's very popular for parties and the bar tries to have fun holiday parties. The bartenders are friendly and have pretty good drinks. Expect to find no sitting room. Wednesday is ladies night and women don't have to pay the cover fee. Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays get extremely busy by 6-8pm! Expect barely any room on the dance floor! They have a bathroom attendant for the tiniest of bathrooms and they make you use her paper towels. At around 11 pm they switch over from country music to club music with a few line dances thrown in.
Rating: 4
Text: I've been going here to learn country dancing for almost as long as they've been open!  Great place to learn and great exercise! If you are going to learn get there by 7 and put yourself in the mide of the floor. There are lessons every night.  If you're going there for the night club atmosphere, wait until after 10pm,that's when the music changes and the crowd picks up. Before then it's mostly country and the focus is on line dancing! 
Rating: 4
Text: Well, it's like 80% country. They'll teach you line dances to literally every song... And the songs that have an actual dance?  Not even close...
