Sake Blue
Rating: 4
Text: Drinks were great! Sushi was even better! We had fast service because we chose to set at a table versus the grill but the atmosphere was still great.
Rating: 3
Text: We come here monthly over the past couple years. We have always enjoyed the food, atmosphere, service and the variety menu options including hibachi.

However, this last time there were some things that really made our visit unenjoyable:

The music was too loud to have a conversation. Playing current pop hits is not a good start, playing them too loud is a turn-off.

The food was good although not as good as previous visits. It lacked the "wow" and tasted uncharacteristically bland. 

The service was good as usual. There was a mistake made but quickly resolved. That was refreshing.

Overall, we'll be back. Eventually. Maybe it was an "off night". It was very busy for a Monday...
Rating: 5
Text: Staff is often extremely rude but it is COMPLETELY made up for by the quality of the food. I grew up hating sushi, even after living in Japan, but one day decided to try it and after this place it's become a regular craving. 

Day 1 decided I was trying raw sushi and was not disappointed, every time I go it's something new from the nigiri menu. The prepare sushi rolls are amazing as well, I can't really recommend any one thing as I've had half the menu and rarely left unhappy. 

Only thing I've had outside of the sushi menu is the gyoza, amazing and true to my years in Japan, and the kids steak which was on point with the fried rice being delicious on it's own.
Rating: 1
Text: Never again. If you have more than 4 in your party forget it!!!!  With a party of 10 they would not take a reservation, so we would  just have to wait (originally told 45 minutes with no one in front of us) until enough diners finished eating and left tables  ... adjoining ... so they could be pulled together to seat the group. Manager just kept saying first come first served. We could  haved waited hours before the  luck of the draw had 3 side-by-side tables empty at the  same time. I've gone to this restaurant since they  first opened.  We left ... and I will never go back.  Too many other restaurants in Louisville just as good or better where this group can spend their money.  Major THUMBS DOWN on this establishment.
Rating: 5
Text: It's like a benihana. Food made right in front of you. Great show by the chef. Excellent food.
