Salvatori's Authentic Italian
Rating: 5
Text: We stopped on our way back home to Chicago.  We didn't expect much, largely due to location next to a gas station.  Was first surprised to even find it was a sit down restaurant.  I ended up getting a Papa Leto's sandwich to go.  It was one of the best sandwiches we have ever had.  I surely hope we have the opportunity to stop in and stay for dinner on a future trip.
Rating: 5
Text: I went here on August 25 with my husband after we read the reviews. The food is rich, full of flavor and the portions are large! 
Most importantly, the employees are very friendly and knowledgeable. You can tell it truly is a family run business. Thank you all for a great dinner! 
Rating: 5
Text: We relocated here a few years ago from the West Coast and I have to say, I have been quite disappointed in the lack of (good) Italian eateries in the area with the exception of Salvatori's--- Salvatori's is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! The restaurant is adorable and has your mouth watering as soon as you open the door. The staff are friendly and very helpful. The food is absolutely delicious. Our whole family loves eating here. Upon our last visit, we encountered an issue and when I called to talk to the manager/owner (?) simply to make him aware of what happened, he insisted on providing our next meal on the house (despite my telling him that it was not at all necessary). This place is top notch!! I would highly recommend giving it a try if you haven't yet... You will not be disappointed.
Rating: 2
Text: First time we've had a bad experience here at this southwest location. It took almost an hour to get our very simple order of 4 pasta dishes. Waitress told us it was because of a large party but still that can't happen when you've got two small kids and two adults. Figure out how to get small table orders filled in between huge parties. Not sure if we'll go back to this place again.
Rating: 3
Text: Spaghetti supreme is huge! Enough for three people. Side salad was good but way over priced.
