Salvatori's
Rating: 5
Text: I wouldn't have really started coming here if it weren't for my husband getting a job here, but now its a weekly thing for me after work.
The food is fresh and the aroma from the kitchen is strong, and it makes you feel like you just walked into your grandma's house at dinnertime.
Sauces are full and the noodles are perfect. Nothing is too spicy, absolutely everything is bursting with flavor!
I've eaten here even without my husband working...but don't tell him I said that.
10/10 would Italy again.
Rating: 5
Text: Quite possibly the best Italian Food Place I have visited...ever! Authentic Italian at its best in a VERY low key location. 

Don't let the gas station fool you...this is the real deal for GREAT Italian Food. Don't let this one slip by if you are in the area. 

I had the Spaghetti it wss loaded with everything delicious you can think of...e
Rating: 3
Text: Food was very good and our waitress was friendly. But where their office is located there’s a two sided mirror. Whoever was in the office had the light on so we could see inside from where we were seated. They took a lighter, lit a cigarette, and smoked. One the mirror (restaurant view) there’s a no smoking sign. I mentioned it to our waitress twice. She proceeded to ignore me and change the subject both times.
Rating: 5
Text: The service was exceptional; the server was very friendly and seemed to genuinely like working here. The food was beyond amazing in presentation, quality, as well as quantity. Definitely worth eating here. I'm not really an Italian food eater, but this place definitely changed my palette for he better.
Rating: 5
Text: To those who claim this place is pricy... Can I please have some of what you're smoking?  The prices are very budget friendly. I got the spegheti and coffee and the total was under $15. For something like 2 lbs of pasta with a ton of cheese and other goodies. I got two more meals out of the leftovers. I wish I lived locally because this would be one of my regular haunts. The only thing they are dropping the ball on is no complimentary bread with herb infused olive oil and good balsamic vinegar. That would make this place perfect. Still, the amount and quality of the food I got for price I paid easily warrants a five star rating.
