Sam's Pizza
Rating: 1
Text: First pizza ordered was swimming in sauce, so much that you couldn't take a bite without toppings sliding off and getting your hands covered in sauce.
Second pizza I ordered with light sauce.  They put NO SAUCE on it at all.  It was an awful pizza that was worthy of the garbage can!  What a waste of hard earned money.  How do you go from one extreme to the other?  
All I can say is if you order a pizza from here, you better take the severely sauced pizza they serve.  Otherwise you will get the bad attitude pizza for trying to order one the way you want!
ZERO stars for this place...since you can't post a review with zero stars, or in the negative!
Rating: 5
Text: We love their pizza. We made it a Friday night dinner for yrs lol They know us, and are always nice when we come in. Reasonable prices. Cash only. No delivery. They are located right off Rye 6, easy to get too,plus easy parking. They have an outdoor area to sit at. A couple of video games inside to play.   Cooler inside where they have cans of sodas that you can grab for yourself. There is also a t.v. inside and plenty of seating. It's never really packed (in the seating area) but it's very busy for the pickup.
Rating: 4
Text: The best pizza
.. been loving it  about Sixty years
 Want a piece when I think about it
 Love to see Angie , Vince and the rest. They have been faithful to their pizza place and to their followers for years.  Go Sam's!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Great pizza! However I wish after placing your order and saying thank you ya didn't get hung up on without a your welcome ?
Rating: 5
Text: We ordered three large pizzas delivered to our hotel.  They all had abundant toppings and a lot of cheese.  We thought they were delicious.  

They were delivered in a timely manner and the delivery person was able to make change for me.  Also, another pizza place I called said they wouldn't do deliveries.  Sam's was happy to accommodate us.

If I had any hesitation at all I would say I was slightly disappointed with the texture of the outer edges of the crust.
