Samy's Spirits & Steakhouse
Rating: 4
Text: Top-notch steaks! Of course, you're in feedlot country, so that makes sense. Food other than steaks is good but not great. Prices are a little high, but if you're going for a steak and money isn't a huge factor, this is your best bet. The Kansas City steak will almost melt in your mouth! Don't come for the veggies; come for the steak!
Rating: 4
Text: Great steak- I'd exchange the side of vegetables for something else: they were bland and the carrots were hardly cooked. Salad bar isn't the best, but not bad. Great service from the whole crew, including my server, Stephano. $34 for the meal was a fair price. $7 for a single JW red which is a little high, especially for the area but being that it is attached to the Clarion makes sense for all their pricing choices. Overall, pleased with the experience.
Rating: 1
Text: We have been coming to this very good restaurant everytime I travel into town.  This past weekend we had a party of 6 and spent about 400 dollars.  Unfortunately the night "security staff" specifically one member was quite rude to us (although all of us were professionals and conducted ourselves in a respectful and quiet manner).  When we sat down at the bar to eat he very rudely said we had to move because they shut the  bar seats down in an hour.  When we moved he stared at us the entire stay and followed us out.  It was a very rude experience and not appreciated.
Rating: 5
Text: Bartender was polite and the stake was the best I’ve had on the road I would highly recommend this place
Rating: 1
Text: The security staff was very rude.  He was upset because we respectfully objected to how he told us to move from the bar seats to eat.  After our objection to his demeanor he creeped us all out, especially the women in our party by staring at us for hours until we left.  Following us out to our cars caused us concern about his mental stability.  Food is good here but not worth dealing with this creepy security staff member.  I would strongly recommend you avoid this restaurant until this staff member is hopefully terminated.
