Schlotzsky's
Rating: 4
Text: I always order the original and sprinkle hot sauce on it. They offer different kinds of breads and different sizes. This place is very busy for the weekday lunch time. They expanded with additional seating so eating then is easy and the line goes quickly. On the weekends, it is easy to get into.

Their sandwiches are always good. They are a different franchise than the others in town but you can expect the same service. Parking is steps away and wheelchair access would be real easy but I never see any handicap people there.
Rating: 5
Text: I love their Pastrami sandwich ummm ummm ummmm..m... Yumy...
Rating: 1
Text: I have been eating here since I was little. And the food, as well as the service has went down hill. I'm spending 15 dollars for a sandwich chips and a drink. Before it was the sandwiches that had me comming back. Now it's little to late for them to get back my service. Please if the the workers are that unhappy that they take it out on customers,then please quit. And allow someone friendly who will gladly do your job, with a nice attitude and who wants to work.But there is no reason why people should spend their hard earned money and have to put up with the employees bad attitudes and the lack of training. On top of very pricey food that's not worth it. At all. Schlotzsky's has the potential to be so much more but has fell to the waistside. Sad.
Rating: 4
Text: Great sandwiches. Nice selection. Amazing customer service. A bit overpriced.
Rating: 2
Text: I used to work for this store and lemme say, its the absolute worst of the 3 schlotzkys in topeka. I can not believe it took me a year to get away from the scene. If you want to be helped by someone with a bad attitude, or have your life threatened, or FIND A SCREW IN YOUR SANDWICH?!?!?!?!? Then definitely eat here. 

Do be careful though, as the assistant manager Megan, is EXTREMELY dangerous and has known gang affiliations. She had a "friend" (her baby's dad) come up and threaten a child with A gun. A CHILD!!! If that wasnt bad enough, Most of your food will be prepped by a drunk employee who can often be found behind the store during late afternoon or evening hours, drinking a cheap bottle of malt liquor or bottle of vodka with the homeless that like to hang out by the dumpster out back.

Cockroaches live behind the walls in the bakery. If you hit the wall, you can feel it's hollow behind it and 2 or 3 at a time will fall from behind it. The general manager just says (oh it probably came on the vegetable truck) but does it really matter where it came from? Fact still remains you have cockroaches. And maybe they'd have less cockroaches, if the management quit changing the stickers on the food. I was told COUNTLESS times to send out salad that clearly was not ethical to feed people. A chicken loaf was dropped in the trash and she picked it up, washed it off, and continued to have it sliced to serve to the public.

I'm aware most restaurants have issues they're working out with cleanliness, but if any of them are half as bad as this place is, they'd still be a better place to spend your money than the Schlitz.
