Scotch & Sirloin
Rating: 4
Text: UPDATE 10/18/17:  I am upgrading my stars rating.  Ate there again last night for dinner and will say that I was more pleased.  The steak was cooked improperly, but they were gracious and corrected it with no problem.  Caesar salad was good.   The strip steak had some gristle at one end, but that should be expected on a strip, at least to a small degree.  Overall, a good place to eat, but their real calling is somewhat of a supper club, with dining, wine, soothing atmosphere and waitresses in slinky black dresses.  If you are not looking to make an evening of dinner and drinks I suggest that for the price you consider another steak house that should save you some change (about half).  And you might even get free peanuts!  Oh, and still no sirloins on the menu!

I ate a dinner steak (strip) during lunch time.  I noticed that the lunch menu contains no steaks, but the waitress did provide a dinner menu when requested.  The meat was good and cooked properly, but the baked potato was only warm, the salad was a rather small portion, and they served no bread with the meal.  I will mention that the ranch dressing was heavy on the garlic, which I really liked.  But, overall this made for a rather ordinary lunch, only with a high price.  I have previously eaten here on several occasions through the years, but with the current prices and the food quality being nothing but OK, I will plan on eating somewhere else from now on.  And they should drop the name Sirloin from their name.  They no longer offer this cut.
Rating: 4
Text: Good old fashioned steak house.  I have had the bone in ribeye both times which as very good and correctly cooked to medium rare. Could have been a bit more generous on the amount of asparagus as a side.  Good service.   Not cheap but when compared to other steak houses the prices seem reasonable
Rating: 5
Text: If you dont.like the food and atmosphere at the Scotch, well something is just wrong with you.  Now I do have to be completely honest! I still have not forgiven them for taking my old red classic Frank Sinatra like area and turning  it into Martha Stewart's barn!  So when you sit in the bar area please face yourself so you will be looking out into the larger dining area. If you just look away from the barn everything else will be amazing!
Rating: 3
Text: First, the pricing is marked wrong, this is a very expensive place.  The waiter staff will offer substitute but then charge extra with out mentioning the up charge.  
On the plus side a wide choice of scotch, and my lamb was excellent.  The side dish was cold, but replaced quickly.  
Atmosphere was good for people to have a conversation in. 
Rating: 5
Text: I've eaten here numerous times and always leave satisfied! Their ribeye is easily on my top five steaks in the country.

Servers are friendly and knowledgeable.

This week I brought my family. Everything was perfect.


