Senate
Rating: 4
Text: Duck fat fries are a delicious.  Enjoyed the Lobster BLT...my wife had the Korean Hot Dog and liked it too.  Cocktails are good, overall this is a solid place.  It is a little more cramped than I care for (sit close to other people)...but whatever.  

My only complaint is that our server didn't tell us about the dinner specials.  We ordered our food and enjoyed, but midway through our meal we overheard a different waiter at the table next to us share the specials with them.  One special was a soup my wife would have really liked.  To me for an upscale (price, not food) joint, this is unacceptable.
Rating: 1
Text: Not my kind of place. While the food was acceptable, it was extremely greasy and heavy and of enormous amount. Just ridiculous - the essence of Americanness, if that's a word. The decor is the super-mainstream reclaimed-wood, exposed brick, overpriced and hip - definition of uninteresting. The waiters were very nice, I cannot disclose that. However, none of it matters in the end as it was EXTREMELY, EXTREMELY LOUD. I know I shouldn't expect people speaking in polite soft voice in Cincinnati - the people here are just so insufferably loud all the time everywhere. Nonetheless, I can't make myself enjoy it one bit - it ruins any lunch or dinner to just be aurally violated. I am sure the things I listed might be pros to a lot of people, not cons. Well, I review from my point of view, a European from Warsaw, Poland, that regards American and Cincinnati people's all-around behavior as insufferably rude and loud
Rating: 1
Text: Went in excited to try this restaurant we've been to several restaurants by the chef and always been happy. The food was bad and that's being kind. The duck fat fries were greasy and soggy. My hot dog was cold and flavorless. My wife's steak was more than half gristle and fat. The service was uninterested in fact they forget my son's order of fries until we reminded them. We spent the last 20 minutes without water until as we paid they asked if we wanted any.  Too little too late.
Rating: 3
Text: Overrated. Went on a Saturday around 2:30 pm. Not very busy, but ended up with a very surly waiter. Food did not come out together, but when ever it was done and was not as ordered. So fries first, then the Hotdogs and then the other side. The space is very small, so when busy, you might get bumped a few times. On the plus side, the manager was very nice and accommodating after the waiter refused to take of an item from the bill, as it was inedible (sorry Chef). Might want to remind the server what Hospitality means, but based on the interaction with the manager, I would give it another try.
Rating: 4
Text: Great food, good drinks. On the pricey side, $11 for a hot dog. But one of the best hot dogs I've ever had.
