Seoul Garden Korean Restaurant
Rating: 3
Text: So far I've been to Seoul Garden twice, gonna average out my two experiences. First visit was great. My server (tall male Korean) was awesome, got me everything I needed and always checked up to see if I wanted anything else. Food tasted great, and I was pleasantly surprised, despite the restaurant's hefty price. Solid place for kbbq, and would've visited again anytime. However, after the second visit I've begun to have my doubts. Biggest change I saw was the service. Another server (African-American female) failed to change my grill plate, failed to deliver me a menu, and forgot to deliver me my water. Food tasted about the same, but again no scissors were delivered to cut the pork belly with. Not worth the 25 bucks the second time around. However, averaging out my two experiences I would still stand with my opinion that Seoul Garden is still a solid restaurant to visit for a great night out and its ambience is amazing.
Rating: 1
Text: Absolutely bad service and don’t allow you to eat with your family because of the “all you can eat”.  Doesn’t put your needs before theirs and they tell you they can’t cook anymore food for you because supposedly they have to shut down the kitchen.  They also rudely and obnoxiously tell you you basically can’t eat because of the kitchen having to close down.  I would recommend Asian Kitchen over this place because of the obnoxious waiters and bad service.  I feel like you guys need better service and fill up your customers’ requests and needs because last night our family was working really hard, from 8:30 in the morning to 9:00 at night, that’s literally 12 hours and we deserve a good meal because of all our hard work.
Rating: 4
Text: The food is really good. We were super full with All you can eat. The dinning room is very clean and Asian. However, the waitress was not friendly and kinda mad ( we supposed she was hungry lol) and we saw the plum wine's was $9 in the menu, but they charged us $12. After we asked about that, the waiter said it was changed, but they didn't update in the menu yet :/ overall, I hope the owner should take care the service better
Rating: 1
Text: Fat waiter was VERY rude. He gave me the wrong food and got very hostile about it. It was $28.75 for one person, pretty pricey for what is received. NEVER GOING BACK.
Rating: 5
Text: Pleasantly surprised! Good service, great food fast! I really enjoyed the spicy chicken!
