Set'em Up Jacks
Rating: 2
Text: Some food items are good (country fried chicken, chicken fried steak), service is very hit or miss.  We showed up last night (a Wednesday evening) and the place was 3/4 empty.  The Royals were playing but that was the only thing most bars would consider something they had to have on their TVs.  We asked if they could change one of the TVs showing 20-year old boxing or poker to the MLS All-Star Game.  The server asked what channel it was.  We said CBS and Fox Sports 1.  She asked us what channel # that was....like it was the customers job to know what service provider Set Em Up Jacks has.  We asked what service they had; she didn't know.  She made no effort to try to figure it out for us and we spent 20 minutes looking on our phones to find the channel.  We found it for a couple providers and told her what channel.  She said she'd ask "her" to change it for us.  20 minutes later and still nothing.  Keep in mind there are almost as many employees in the restaurant as customers.  After about a full hour of waiting for someone to even make an effort to change a TV, we ask a bartender.  He says, "oh yea, no problem.  I just have one more drink to make and I can do that."  20 minutes later, no one changed anything.  We paid our bills and left.  What god-awful lazy-a**ed service.
Rating: 5
Text: Great sports bar. Good food. Fun games and biggest tv screen in Lawrence. Great service.
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly waitress.   Typical food.  Nice salad.  Busy supper place.  Nice big screen TVs
Rating: 5
Text: We usually come here on Mondays to take advantage of 1/2 price burgers  (any burger all day Monday), and 1/2 price appetizers from 3pm to 6pm!  Food is always good and service is great!
Rating: 1
Text: The food was good but I don't know that I've ever had a waiter who cared so little and was so bad at his job. He was sullen and clearly put out that we were there. He didn't check on us or refill drinks or even bring things when we asked for them. He went beyond being bad at his job and was just downright unpleasant. We won't be back.
