Seven Bridges Golf Club
Rating: 5
Text: We had our wedding at this venue in October 2017.  We had planned on having our wedding ceremony here as well, but unfortunately it rained that day.  Their staff was quick to setup the ceremony in the Grill Room, although we had to provide our own trellis / arch. The dinner itself in the Gallery room was done in an exquisite fashion, with the tables, seat covers, and the like immaculately set.  The food was fantastic as well!  The location itself can hold 80-120 guests, which makes this a wonderful location for a large party or a small to medium-sized wedding.
Rating: 1
Text: We booked a four some at $95 special rate.  2 guys backed out so they made us pay the regular rate of $115.  I understood and was ok with it at the time.  Then we started our round.  The course was less then mediocre and the greens were really bad.  I can't tell you how many ball marks I had to fix.  We were the first ones out.  We ran into the ranger mid way and told him.  He said they had an outing last night.  If that is truly the case and they tore up the greens a little, we should have been discounted off our rate.  Not pay full price .  There are so many better courses around that are not even $115.    Willow Crest is great for the value....even the Forest Preserve courses.  Never again seven bridges.
Rating: 5
Text: Been playing hear for 20 years.  Very challenging, yet not nearly as intimidating for the cerebral player.  Ego players trying to flex, will get eaten alive.  "7 bridges"?...Try 13!!
Rating: 2
Text: had tee time for a saturday  they quoted us 75 per person, high but we agreed. I got there after some people had paid..95$. I pointed it out to the young lady who said.. I was wrong. Finally a manager corrected her. they re did the bills and I had one for 95 on my charge and and one for 75. When I went there to fix it, phone conversations were useless, I was told that the AMEX statement with -95 $was really a credit??? 
say what?
The inference, I was trying to scam him.
meanwhile a guy came in and paid 25$ for golf.
some folks are more equal than others.
Finally Stephanie, with whom i had left two messages, no response, appeared. She will take care of it. I called her twice more no return calls. meanwhile the guy in the small office next to the desk seemed to hide in his room.
Was resolved 8 days after the charge. So nice course. nice bar. Fire the staff and start over. PS maybe try lower rates to increase week day play from nothing to more and sell beverages and food to the golfers.
played there maybe 20 times
no more sorry, people matter and poor customer service is intolerable.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great course that is well maintained with a friendly staff. Front nine is fun and not too challenging and the back nine has water everywhere in a good way. Great course overall.
