Shady Gators
Rating: 4
Text: I would say during the summer months, this place is probably awesome. I just happened to be there in October, on a day when the high dropped 20 degrees at night and a storm blew through. There was still a lot of people, good music and lots of dancing. I am not much of a drinker but my group said they were good, the bartenders were so sweet and loved by EVERYONE. The ambiance right on the water is great, and the DJ is quite good. Definitely a fast paces, club type of place. If that isnt your thing, you might opt out of this one.
Rating: 5
Text: Restaurant gets 5 stars! Everything was great, until we went over to check out the part with the pool and volley ball nets and stuff. The security guards weren't very nice,  and kept making me pour out my water. The bar tenders on this side were not very friendly. It took a long time to buy a drink and get some water. The pool looked pretty cloudy and full of people. We were invited up to the volley ball area, there was trash everywhere. I guess they need a few more people working outside, or something. It was a really neat place and we had fun while we were there. We met one of the owners and he was awesome. He went beyond what we expected when we a question.  I told him he should open on of these in st. Charles, but he  doesn't plan on it. 


Rating: 5
Text: We go to Shady Gators every time we are at the lake.  It is by far the BEST place to go during the day with or without your kids.   There is a fantastic view of the lake and no matter how hot it is, the high-powered fans over the tables will keep you cool.  The wait staff and bartenders are always super helpful and kind.  As far as bar food goes, Shady Gators is well above par!  We have liked everything we have been served.  
If you like Rum Runners, look no further.  Hands down, SG has the most fantastic Rum Runner you will ever have!  
Our kids love throwing their extra fries over the railing to the massive catfish that live between the dock and the bar.  
Jeremy (JG) is truly a bar owner that pours his heart and soul into his business.   He takes pride in his establishment and it shows.  We, as his customers, really appreciate it.  
Shady Gators rocks!
Rating: 5
Text: a little something for everyone.  mostly the young but good for some of the old folks still wanting to get out.  huge facility with a pool, beach volley ball, and plenty of bars.  oh and they have a foam pit, not gymnastics foam more like bubbles.  they do have DJ's and live bands as well at times.
Rating: 5
Text: Went on vacation to lake and had a great time, went worked with the general manager, JG. He helped us line up a boat for the weekend and helped us out with all kinds details to make the weekend great. Couldn't thank these guys enough. I would highly recommend this bar/restaurant and using there services to enjoy the lake.
