Shakespeare's Pizza - Downtown
Rating: 4
Text: Good pizza, poor setup. A guy picking up his pizza from the counter turned and ran into my wife, dumping the hot pizza right on her. When you walk in the door you half to walk right by the delivery area to get to the ordering station. Should be the other way around. Other than the major design flaw, the ambiance was nice, decor was cool, good beer selection (not just Budweiser products =)) and the pizzas are pretty good and reasonably priced. I would go back again, but be careful when walking in or out. Easy to get a hot pie to the face.
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly staff. Fun atmosphere. Delicious pizza. We got the Masterpiece 12" and well worth the $$   We loved the cheese bread just as much-  big thick slices covered in cheese and delicious marinara was a bargain. The place is huge -like a labrynth but service areas with table ware, drink station and pizza condiments in every area. They have a yellow brick road. Go there!
Rating: 5
Text: This place has been in Columbia for years.  Popular with the college crowd.  If have time to stop on the way through, this is top on our list.  The topping are plentiful and they always have great combinations to choose from.  The personal pizza is big enough for you and leftovers.  Plenty of seating so never a long wait, and if you get a chance to eat outside, great atmosphere in Columbia.
Rating: 1
Text: Ordered a basic medium cheese to-go and the staff estimated 20 minutes (fine). I waited outside for 35 minutes before going to check on my pizza. Turns out they forgot my order and hadn't even put it in the oven yet. Waited 45 minutes in total for a sub-par cheese pie that wasn't even a delivery. Save yourself some money, time, and a crappy pizza, and order Dominos instead. It's cheap cheese and nothing special about the crust or sauce. Tastes like a grocery store or gas station frozen thing.
Rating: 5
Text: Great Pizza.  Somewhat pricey but probably worth it.  We had the meat lovers.  It was loaded with meat.  We were very satisfied!
