Shanghai
Rating: 5
Text: Delicious food, great service. Very pleasant asphomphere. A bit more upscale, I would recommend dress casual. They won't turn you away for wearing street clothes. Perfect fo a date night. Take out is offered. 
Rating: 5
Text: First time visit to this restaurant. I chose this restaurant due to all of the reviews. I was very pleased. While I did find the prices to be a little expensive, the love and care that went into the meal was worth it. 

Everything tasted really good. I believe I had the, "hot and sour soup," which was amazing. Also had the, "crab rangoons," which were excellent as well.

The restaurant including the restrooms was very clean. But the biggest joy was the service. Our waitress was absolutely incredible. She was very attentive and did not rush us. 

The owner came over to inquire about our meal and was extremely hospitable and fun. Very down to earth. She even gave us a back scratcher with the restaurants phone number on it. Very unique and clever. 

There is nothing in Waukee that compares to this restaurant. You will love the food and service.
Rating: 4
Text: My wife and I decided to give this place a try with the excellent ratings it has on yelp. I had the governor's chicken and my wife had the sweet and sour chicken. For lunch the combos came with one egg roll, one crab ragoon and we had egg drop soup. My governor's chicken was good and tasted like the ingredients were all fresh. The egg drop soup was great. The egg roll was good. The crab ragoon tasted like it was over powered by garlic (this is my only complaint) My wife said her sweet and sour chicken was very fresh and cooked just right. All in all this was a good trip to a new location. I'm sure if we are craving fresh Chinese food we will stop in again.
Rating: 5
Text: This is my favorite Chinese restaurant. The prices are more than fair, the service is awesome, and the food is excellent. The staff has been basically the same for the last 10 years and it shows through in the quality of the experience. The food is always amazing and we have never had even a subpar experience, let alone a bad one. If you like authentic Chinese food this is your place.
Rating: 5
Text: Always wonderful service and food.
