Shawnee Lodge & Conference Center
Rating: 5
Text: Great experience!! My family evacuated FL bc of Irma. Not only did Shawnee lodge offer our room at a discount they also honored there buy 3 nights get one night free for my family. I left very happy and can't wait to go back in spring more than willing to pay full price. My daughter had so much fun the small amount of time we were there. Great out door place for kids to see natures best views. Thank you for making my life comfortable while the hurricane passed over our home in Fl.
Rating: 1
Text: Too bad zero stars isn't an option. My family and I had were at the lodge in April 2017. We had a fun day hiking and spent some time in the pool. It all went downhill about 11pm as I was reading bedtime stories to my daughters and we discovered several bedbugs in both of the beds and one crawling on the paneling walls. So we quickly and carefully packed up our belongings and drove 90 minutes home in the middle of the night (and spent days treating our belongings to prevent bringing anything home with us). The staff did refund our money and were apologetic. Sadly that will be our last trip to Shawnee, ending our yearly family tradition which began 40 years ago.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed there for a softball tournament and my entire family loved it. Breakfast at the restaurant was huge and reasonable. The room was nice with a balcony. The staff was very friendly also. The lobby and view were the most impressive I thought. My family can't wait to get back.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful building set in the Shawnee Forest. Swimming pool, restaurant and bar along with cabins allow for rest and relaxation.  Rooms are cozy and clean. Gift shop is also on the premises. Close to lakes to fish, trails for hiking. All around great place.
Rating: 3
Text: Staff in restaurant was friendly, but we ate dinner &  breakfast there & service was very slow. Steaks were good, but salads were just out of a bag & wilted. Complimentary loaf of bread was delicious. Window sills needed wiped out. Several dead bugs laying there. Rooms were okay, but doors slammed so loudly, with guest moving about all hours, not restful. Floor deck on balancy was rotten, sign was posted, couldn't use. We did use a porch swing in another area.  Beautiful setting. If you go, request room on end of hallway. 
Hopefully it will give you the peace you may be looking for.
