Shaw's Restaurant & Harry's Bar
Rating: 2
Text: I just went to eat lunch at The Shaw yesterday and I was excited as the two times I ate there before the renovations, it was a five star rating....the ramen bowl was out of this world, the mushrooms were a meal on its own and the atmosphere was cozy and charming too. 

Well, I was truly disappointed.   If something isn't  broken, don't  fix it.  I feel they had a great place and food before so why did they change it.  The ambience is now cold to me and looks like all other contemporary restaurants.  It has lost its old world charm.  

While the service was grade A, the menu has changed and not for the good.  Also, the menu was not updated on line and that was disappointing.  The ravioli was not as expected with sunflower seeds on it...not a good combo.  The Korean bowl was tasteless and broccoli in it seemed to be too crunchy and not steamed enough.

I don't  think I'll  be coming back.  Sorry Shaw, wanted to like you but the saying that change is good.  Well, in this case, not so much.
Rating: 4
Text: Good selection on the menu. Food was really good.  Very good service, but, a little slow. This should work itself out with time. Everything was prepared to everyone's liking. Ample parking on and off street.  Main dining room a little noisier then normal.  Will go back again.
Rating: 1
Text: The atmosphere that we so enjoyed in the past has been ruined. They’ve turned the place into a pub. Manager tending bar and not tending to overall activities. Deplorable service and food! Our waiter was clueless. Prime rib cold and tough and brought out first with salads to follow and sides never came. Never again!!

mu
Rating: 2
Text: What happened?! Beyond the cafeteria-esque remodel (which for some reason didn't include the bathrooms) YOU GOT RID OF THE SWEET ROLLS!?!?! The service was quite terrible as well. Who gives a server with an 11 top table so many tables, including the ones on the patio?! We had 3 orders missed/forgotten because our poor server was not being supported at all. Our family has been been coming down from Columbus for decades and always look forward to it. Sadly I highly doubt we will be making the drive ever again.
Rating: 5
Text: Newly renovated. I went there for the first time for lunch and my ravioli was delicious. The cocktail menu also looked great. Looking forward to coming back. We went next door for a cupcake at the new bakery next door.
