Shoney's Grayson
Rating: 4
Text: The grilled white fish was very good. The service was a bit slow. The buffet did not sound appetizing but the salad bar was delicious.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst dining I've experienced. The lettuce on the bar was old and soaked with water. When I asked for fresh lettuce I waited at the bar for 10 minutes and still no lettuce. Ordered the wild caught salmon, worst salmon that I've ever tasted. When I complained to the manager on duty, all I was offered was excuses and a picture piece of pie. Tis all happened 10/26/2017
Rating: 5
Text: I can't say enough good things about this place. The food was delicious, the staff super nice, the location was clean!!! They keep the bar wiped down constantly, and made sure the bins were full of fresh food. We went around 2 pm and had more than enough food! Great we may stop back there on our way home!
Rating: 5
Text: Great food and nice people
Rating: 2
Text: Not a good experience. Upon arriving, staff (including the manager) were outside the front entrance smoking cigarettes. When we walked in, we had to wait on staff to return from outside for us to be seated and the people at the front register to be waited on to pay their bill. We were seated and ordered our food. Our waitress (Angela) was very nice and helpful. We waited about 15-20 minutes on our food. The food was not that great. I ordered a Philly and cheese and my fiancé ordered a burger. Mine was ok, and his was not done in the middle. Another couple also sent their order back because it was not done. We were almost finished when the manager brought 2 plates by to serve us. They were not ours, but the table next to us. She went there and dropped the plate on the table because she tipped the tray and almost dropped the plate on the tray. This place was not very clean, the table still had salt on it, the add papers had old food stains on them and the buffet looked gross. The manager was not neatly dressed (hair a mess, shirt flopping everywhere and not tucked in) she tried to wait on us at the end and take the tip we had set out for our waitress. The only good thing I can say about this restaurant was we had a great waitress. All in all, we will not return, and will discourage others also.
