Shoreline Brewery
Rating: 3
Text: We had a great appetizer. The entrees were just ok. Also, the bathroom was run down. The paper towel holder was broken and just hanging out on the counter. The kitchen is open for guests to see but not meant to be an open kitchen. It's doesn't appear clean or orderly for a kitchen exposed to guests. We were on vacation and the reviews were great so we decided to try. Not horrible but not great
Rating: 4
Text: Shoreline is one of my "Go To" beer, and food, places. They have fantastic brews that are great for relaxing or enjoying with a meal. I try to get in there anytime they have a new release. I've enjoyed their burgers many times along with some of their sandwiches. The Lamb burger is awesome and don't forget to go with the pub chips. 

**Update**
It's been sometime since my first review. I had lunch at Shoreline this past week (Aug 2017) and felt a quick update was necessary. I still enjoy going to the brewery for lunches and quick meetings and will eat here at least once a month. The burgers are really great nearly every time and I can't recall the last time I wasn't satisfied. However, the beer is fair. It's possible I've outgrown their beers and I'm just not respecting them enough but it just doesn't hit the spot like they used to. That said, they have actually improved. There was a period a couple years back when the beers were giving some odd flavors primarily noted was a copper or metallic tatse. Since the new head brewer has taken over that issue has been resolved. 

I still think eating, and drinking their beers, is well worth my time and money and would continue to recommend visiting.
Rating: 2
Text: Ordered the Mac and cheese and it comes in a very small potlrtion for the price. Added grilled chicken and had 6 small cubes of re-heated (distinctive flavor) and tough chicken. My wife and I will not be returning. Service itself was fine.
Rating: 5
Text: I really enjoy the time I spend there. I like the IPA, the staff is very good and the food that I tried was very good. One tip for their future customers. You may have to wait for table but get a cold beer from the bar and you can seat outside until your table is ready.
Rating: 5
Text: Took my craft beer loving son from Alaska to this brewery for dinner. Ordered the sampler and was impressed with the variety of beers. Our food came in a timely manner and was delicious! Portion size - very generous. Our server, Drew, was professional and courteous. I would highly recommend this establishment to anyone looking for a great craft brewery experience.
