Simmy's Lakeside Grill
Rating: 4
Text: We went for Sunday lunch brunch buffet. There were three in our party. The service was ok, one or two servers seemed a little lost and could use more training. My only other issue was that the prices seem high for self-serve. 

However, the food was DELICIOUS.  They had a wonderful selection to choose from. The roast beef, which I normally don't care for too much, was so good I got seconds. The other really notable thing was the pie. Oh my gosh, so, so good! 

This was my first visit, I'm sure I'm going to return.
Rating: 5
Text: The food and service is great.  Food is amazing.
Rating: 1
Text: By far the worst service I have ever had, and the food was sub par too.

My family of four stopped in Alma NE for the night on a road trip, and was recommended to Simmy's by the hotel (along with one other restaurant). When we arrived (around 6:35 on a Sunday evening) there was one other table seated, already with drinks (maybe 6 customers total). We ordered our food maybe 6:40 at the latest (consisting of two sandwiches, some chicken strips, a salad, and assorted french fries). My parents ordered a single alcoholic beverage each, my sister and I some soft drinks. We were seated at the second table between the bar and the rest of the restaurant.

The soda was somewhat flat. My father said his drink was mixed weakly. 

While waiting for our food, about 15 other people came in, ordered, and received their food before us. The waitress walked past us numerous times, carrying other people's food and drinks. This went on until roughly 7:30. That's FORTY-FIVE MINUTES before my sister overheard the waitress say that she had forgotten to turn our order in.

NOT ONCE did she check on us. Not one time did she stop, ask if we were still doing good, offer refills on the soda, or try to sell more drinks. When questioned about the food, she said our ticket had fallen off the rack and gotten replaced out of order (not what my sister overheard earlier, meaning the waitress lied to our face and tried to pin it on someone else). It took another 15 to 20 minutes to get our food.

That is OVER AN HOUR. For two sandwiches, chicken strips, and a salad.

When our food finally DID arrive she offered a token "sorry about the wait," and promptly disappeared again.

Once again, she did not come back to check on us. She did not offer to bring us out any water (since the alcohol had been delivered almost an hour prior by this point, and long since been finished). In fact, not even once did she speak to us at all without us having to flag her down. We were finally able to get some glasses of water by standing up and intercepting her on her way to other customers.

As for the food itself, I was unimpressed. The fried chicken strips were almost certainly microwaved, and not remotely crispy. My sister had one with so much gristle she had to abandon the piece rather than try to swallow it. My brisket sandwich was thin meat, rather greasy, covered in so much low quality melted cheese sauce I could not tell if there was any BBQ sauce at all. 

The fries were ok.

I have eaten in small towns before. I once spent a couple months during the summer of 2007 in Ogallala NE, working on a pipeline. The small mom and pop restaurants in that area I remember as being pretty good. Not the fastest, but the staff checked on us occasionally, and the food seemed decent.

Not so with Simmy's. Even if I was not just passing through for one night, I would not be coming back here.
Rating: 5
Text: I ordered the sirloin steak and my husband the walleye, both cooked to melt in your mouth perfection! Pretty amazing potato bar with several potato options all made from scratch plus the salad bar all scratch recipes!! Just passing through but would definitely stop again. Oh yes and the best part is it is in Alma which is my mother's name!!
Rating: 4
Text: Great prime rib and margaritas nice staff greeted when you walk in.
