Sir Dano's Pizza Parlor
Rating: 3
Text: I don't understand the great reviews. Maybe because it's a small town and people aren't used to good food but everything I ordered was very bland. The French salad dressing for my salad tasted like it had cinnamon in it. The ranch was bland and cheap. The salad had several pieces of wilted lettuce and no romaine like it claimed in it. The nachos were...well I've had better at a high school game concession stand the cheese was EXTREMELY bland my 2 year old wouldn't even eat it. The pizza was also bland other than the sickly sweet pizza sauce. Was not impressed. However they were SUPER nice on the phone and delivered on time. It's also super cheap so I didn't spend too much. The food just sucks bad. Must just be a local thing but I would pass.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful place to take the kids. Cracker crust type pizza. Not exactly Chicago or New York pizza, this is a unique family friendly joint with tasty pies and if you get the Buffett they will often ask you if you'd like your own pizza set out.  Fun Littleton frills salad bar, sandwiches and pasta. Love love love Sir Danos!
Rating: 4
Text: Food is excellent- especially the Stromboli! It makes up for its lack of atmosphere and professionalism. It's mostly in its original style from over 40 years of service. Worth the try!
Rating: 1
Text: I called the restaurant before going and ask them if they took requests for the pizza on the buffet and the lady said yes. My daughter and I met my brother-in-law there for lunch. When I got there he told me that we had to pay first so I went to the register and paid with my debit card for my daughter and I.  I then put in a request for the buffet and the man told me OK but after waiting for several other pizzas to come out our pizza never came so I went back twice and asked about the pizza until the cook finally told me that they did not have time to put it in. I got to the car the cook came  out to my car and accused me of leaving without paying for me and my daughter so I told her that I paid with my debit card and she asked to see the receipt which I showed her and she said OK thank you and then started back inside. My brother-in-law was still in the restaurant and as he was exiting the lady accused him of  giving me his Receipt so I could eat free. Worst customer service i have EVER experienced.
Rating: 5
Text: GREAT PLACE.  EXCELLENT FOOD.  AND WONDERFUL PEOPLE!!!  They let my son and daughter stay there after school till the sports practice or till we could pick them up. They are great, and food is wonderful too.
