Slows Bar BQ
Rating: 5
Text: Had dinner at Slows on Michigan Avenue in Detroit with a friend tonight. Over the years I've heard raves about Slows. I've had it once catered as a I was a guest for a party a few years ago and it was great but never in any of their restaurants. After tonight I can say WOW!!! I had the pulled pork and it was phenomenal!!! The sides were so delicious and the sauce was beyond succulent. And tasty cornbread!!! The thing is I wasn't even that hungry at the time but it was so good I had to eat it all!!! Pardon me but even my burps tasted good! I would gladly and eagerly go back!!! And also the service was prompt and friendly and we felt genuinely welcomed. 
My recommendation is to not be "slow" making your way to Slows!!!  

Chris, Livonia MI
Rating: 5
Text: Delicious BBQ served up in a intimate setting. From the front door to the lighting to the delicious homemade lemonade, this BBQ joint let's you know that they take themselves seriously by investing time and thought into even the most simplest of things. When it comes to the food, everything was absolutely delicious, and it was paired by an array of different style BBQ sauces on the table (all of which were fantastic). To wash down the food, their beer selection features many local and traditional beer options leaving something for everyone, although I went with their lemonade; it's non-refillable, but I can't emphasize enough that it is a MUST for people who love lemonade. Beyond that, our service was provided by Heather, and was absolutely fantastic. I will absolutely be coming back here and waiting however long is necessary to get a table. 
Rating: 4
Text: Good barbecue chicken and sides were tasty as well. It's usually really crowded, so I would suggest you call ahead and make a reservation. There is a full service bar to sit at and outdoor patio seating to. To enter there is a huge brown oak type door you pass through. The cornbread was delicious, tasted just like Jiffy from the box! The sweet barbecue sauce was delicious over my pulled Apple smoked chicken.
Rating: 5
Text: This restaurant is TOP of the Line, a BBQ dinner's marvelous delicious delight.  We each  had the three meats lunch selection, which included a salad, with choices of dressings, two sides were included with our meal selection.  There was a choice of five BBQ sauces.  If one is visiting Detroit, Michigan.   This is an exceptional restaurant.  Our waitress name is Spheffany and is a credit to the 
Establishment of extraordinarily exceptional dinning experience!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Wow! This place might look like old loft, but inside it's a cozy setting for all ages.
I had the pulled chicken, while my son and his wife enjoyed the three combination plate which included, pulled pork, pulled chicken and beef brisket. You have a choice of sauces to choose from right at your fingertips.
Sauces like apple BBQ, mild , spicy sweet and a few more. Every meal comes with two sides.
First time here and I must say, it won't be the last. Pricing is very reasonable especially for the portions.?
