Smoke & Spice Southern Barbeque
Rating: 2
Text: VERY loud country music - hope you like country. Service mediocre, if you order finger foods like ribs or drumsticks, ASK for extra napkins because you won't see it otherwise. If they make you sit near the bar be prepared to smell bleach.  OK place for a quick bite-the place used to be better. I keep thinking it was just one bad experience but there's been a few now. :-(
Rating: 1
Text: Not impressed with the ribs but chicken was good. I would not recommend this restaurant and I wouldn't be surprised if this restaurant closed down for good
Rating: 5
Text: 1. I now have a go-to restaurant in southern Ontario.
2.  Friendliest staff, amazing environment, incredible value for your dollar!
3.  Hands down, this was the Best fried chicken I have had in Canada.    

Congratulations to the ownership, management and staff.  You have won over my patronage for years to come.  I can't wait for my next trip to Windsor, Tecumseh!
Rating: 1
Text: This was surprisingly gross amid all the rave reviews from others. Our food was ready and served in about 5 minutes which was extremely alarming. 

There was sugar on the fries instead of salt, when questioning the waitress as to whether someone made a mistake I was informed this was normal.

The waitress never returned to see if we needed anything which was weird because it was not busy.

Ribs were dry and very fatty, I am assuming cheap cuts. I ordered an entire rack and got 3 cut butt end pieces which were not even from the same rack.

Horrible experience and I would never return, nor would I recommend this place based on every single little poor happening that took place. 
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible experience here. Waited 25 mins after getting the food to even see the waiter again. Had to ask another waiter walking by to warm up food. Not happy with Lea. She said she's a manager. Would not do anything about making me feel happy as a customer. Bring a bills to me without even asking if I wanted anything more. Horrible server and manager.
