Smokey Bones Bar & Fire Grill
Rating: 1
Text: If I could I would give this place 0 Stars. 
Are young African-American waitress, barely asked how we were but the two African-American families sitting in front and behind us I feel like we're being treated at a higher level of promptness, and more respectfully. I waited for almost an hour for her to bring me my salad and soup. I understand I came in a busy time of day but it's salad,  should be before the actual whole meal. When the salad finally arrived alongside the soup it tasted like it had been under a heat lamp. The drinks and food were overpriced, the beer menu was not impressive for the price as well. I will not return.
Rating: 3
Text: First off service was tops, no wait on a saturday night at 6pm?? Sweet, beverages came out at a good pace and our waiter was on the spot with refills and taking our order. I know smokey bones is a rib kind of place so I didn't expect much from the steak, I was hoping that it was cooked as I asked but they had to refine my steak, which was not too big of a deal. My wife and daughter enjoyed their food as my steak came out as I had ordered it, medium rare. Again I expected to pay a hefty price for the ribs but not more for my steak than my wife's ribs. Steak was good, not the best again, from a rib place. Overall the bill was a bit more than I expected due to drink cost and steak cost. I'm sure if they worked on that then I'd be willing to go back over and over again. Serve was great, pricing and such not so much. I'm stuck between a 3 and 4 star. 
Rating: 1
Text: First, let me start by saying I'd give this ZERO stars if that were possible. But 1 is as low as it's goes. 

I was a fan of this restaurant until today. I really liked their food, but the last time we went there, we ordered carryout, and the order was messed up, and the food we did get was awful. That was a month ago. Today, we were going to eat in, and there were 7 of us -- 4 adults and 3 children, 2 of which needed high chairs. Somehow, the hostess didn't know where to seat us and said she needed to talk to the manager to figure something out. We stood up front waiting and 5 minutes later she finally came over and said that the manager would come talk to us about seating us. OH, and it's not like the place was packed. Not even CLOSE. It was more than HALF EMPTY! Now, I've never had this happen before in ANY kind of restaurant. Never the less, we said okay and waited to see the manager. During all this time, there were at least 4 other groups of people who got seated. We waited, and waited, and WAITED...and my 2 year old son decided he didn't want to sit around anymore and started acting like a 2 year old, running around all over the place. We got sick of waiting for a table and decided to leave and go elsewhere. Never even saw the manager. And the hostess and other servers didn't seem to bothered by losing our business as they watched us walk out. Needless to say, I don't think we will be returning. It was absolutely pathetic. Never had this kind of problem at a restaurant before. If you asked me yesterday, I  would have absolutely recommended this restaurant. But now, I will probably never go back. This experience aggravated me so badly that I do not think I would ever recommend this place to anyone. There are too many other restaurants with good food that will actually treat you respectfully and seat you in a timely manner. One of those restaurants, by the way, is TUMBLEWEED. They're just down the road, and they treated us GREAT. Thanks to them!
Rating: 4
Text: Have been here several times and have near had a bad meal.  The service once was not what i would call great but our food came out hot and delicious so I won't say to much about that.
Rating: 4
Text: Food was extremely good. Of the assortment of foods I bought the doughnuts we're the best especially when right out of the kitchen. If you go here and don't get the doughnuts for desert you should have stayed home, though the rest of the BBQ was amazing.
