Soup Spoon Café
Rating: 5
Text: I would give this place 10 stars if it were an option. Great farm to table  food and personalized experience. Servers  are extremely polite and greet you with your name every time I have been there. I have introduced dozen of my friends to thus place and everyone keeps going back as they cannot get enough of the goodness. I can review each and every dish and dessert but it will take up a lot of space. I have never been disappointed trying anything new there. Love this place
Rating: 5
Text: Opens early for breakfast/brunch daily with delicious, creative dishes. The bar is open as well :-) ; great craft cocktails. Lunch features several (4-5) homemade soups and inventive sandwiches.  Never been there for dinner, but based on what I've eaten earlier in the day, I'm sure the entrees are excellent.  It's not cheap, but for the quality of ingredients and the care with which the items are prepared, it's a
 reasonable value. Service is attentive without being intrusive. It can get busy during popular times (weekends and special occasions) so plan accordingly. For solo diners or a party of two you can usually find spots sr the bar.
Rating: 3
Text: I eat here about once a month. I love the food and drinks. The service is terrible on a regular basis. The servers and bartenders are incompetent. Not open on Sunday. Must not be capitalists. 

Last experience: First, they did not put our order in correctly. Second, they came back and asked us what we ordered on two separate occasions on my last visit. Unfortunately, there is a lack of competition between restaurants in Lansing that make quality food. Expect long waits, delays, and terrible service for great food. 

Update: The manager picked up the tab. I would rather pay and have great service. To make matters worse the manager (at first) tried to give us some bs about a hamburger taking longer to cook. In the end, a free lunch does not make up for wasting an hour of my time. I hope they hire new staff. Love the food.
Rating: 5
Text: This has remained my favorite place to dine in Lansing for three years.  Their menu is top notch and creative.  Their wait staff is always very friendly and helpful.  Their specials are usually hard to pass up.  They also have an excellent selection of craft beers and wines.  Definitely worth a visit!  (Try the cherry bomb shrimp appetizer)
Rating: 4
Text: So thankful this place has yummy vegan options. It’s so appreciated in a town where there aren’t many! Only reason I’m not giving it 5 stars is the fact that our server offered me pasta salad saying it was vegan and it had cheese on it. BUT now he knows and we will definitely be back!
