Spaghetti Warehouse
Rating: 3
Text: Nice atmosphere.  Salad was little to be desired. No tomatoes in my salad, cheap iceberg lettuce, not tasty at all.Pasta was warm, not hot. Cheese on top was barely melted. Wait staff was short with us, like they were rushed. Tried to seat us at a table in the trolley that was barely big ending to set anything on.Overall not a good experience. Like Olive Garden way better.
Rating: 5
Text: What a fun restaurant! Our booth had an old brass headboard on the back of the benches to make it look like we were sitting in bed. There was even an old red trolley car inside. The food was good - we had the famous lasagna. It was 15 layers of deliciousness! We will definitely be back! Free parking directly across the street from the restaurant.
Rating: 4
Text: My daughter got engaged at the restaurant and it was awesome. The manager and staff really helped us to pull off a fantastic surprise. Our waiter was amazing and took care of 25 people and was on top of his game and we never had to ask him for anything.  I highly recommend this restaurant for any special occasion. Thank you spaghetti warehouse and staff are night was fabulous!! The florez/Garcia family
Rating: 4
Text: I placed my order online and picked it up. Nice and hot good customer service. Got to my hotel about 15 minutes away and noticed no extra suasage, no ranch for salad, and asked for the tomato to be removed from said salad. Called and spoke to a manager she was willing to give me a free meal I asked her to give it to a customer that is currently there but to talk to whoever made my order and to explain attention to detail. Other than that the food is good yummy.
Rating: 2
Text: Salad was wrong, replacement lacked necessary components to be called a Caesar salad (literally just lettuce with dressing, no croutons or cheese). I'm calling spite on the kitchen there.

I'd caution that the menu has changed from previous times, becoming more focused solely on pasta / sandwiches which is a shame since some of their entrees were good.
