Spider Sushi Bar
Rating: 4
Text: I like the rolls here and have tried 80% of them. The decor is just OK, functional nothing more. Not a place to go for ambiance. I do think it might be the best bang for the buck in the way of sushi I’ve ever had. And usually cheap and sushi are not desired in the same sentence. Not that this place is cheap but very cost effective for the quality of the rolls. The rest of the food I’ve tried is probably a 7 out of 10. Plenty of parking and easy access.
Rating: 3
Text: Fresh sushi. 
Stopped in for a quick bite. Nice that you can self-mark your order. 
But USUALLY an order of sushi is 2 pieces “usually”.  

The slice of mackerel was soooo slim, thin, and sleek- fresh yes- but barely could taste the tiny piece. 
The eel was warm and perfect in flavor.  Apparently there is a HUGE shortage on ginger and wasabi . 

My bill for was 1 piece of each.  $6.50+tip =left $8.00 (since waitress was sitting down at the table behind me/with her boyfriend /husband and child) or she was standing at sushi bar with back to me while i was waiting to place my order. 

Somehow i think ALL the previous praise has gone to this restaurant’s head. 

Come back to reality and then i, and others - may return. (PLACE WAS EMPTY! At 1pm lunch time!!  Says a lot
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent Sushi!!  The staff was very kind to my son(15 yrs./Autistic) as well as very helpful as this was his first time visiting a restaurant, choosing items, ordering, paying, tipping ect. while completely by himself. I'm sure the cashier was surprised, yet pleased to receive a 55% tip on a $8.50 order.    None the less they will forever have our business for their great food as well as graciously helping our son navigate unfamiliar territory! Thank you Spider Sushi Bar, 2 thumbs up!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic sushi, best I've had in town. Fast, and you can watch them make sushi at their sushi bar. Also have plenty of hot food as well
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent service, excellent sushi and a friendly staff. Went tonight and it was amazing. Love it. First timer to this sushi bar, no complaints.
