Spokes Pub & Grill
Rating: 1
Text: I would give 0 if possible. Came from out of town. Calling an inspector immediately. We waited and hour and 30 mins. No one in the building was served any food within that time. We had 2 orders of chicken strips and 2 burgers. Not that hard. Especially when you go as far as believing you can run a business about it. 

Here's the health inspector part. Absolutely no one in the kitchen cooking or serving was wearing gloves. I saw a woman throwing lettuce. That same woman (blonde greasy bun and red shirt) prepped salads with same bare hands with cheeses, dressings, etc. I see her throw tongs somewhere. Could have maybe used those. Her along with everyone else is wiping their hands on their pants and aprons then reaching for the next food to contaminate. Filthy. You'll be having a visit.
Rating: 5
Text: Dinner time mid week.  I ordered the pretzel sticks and the beer cheese. They were absolutely phenomenal! Then I ordered the ranch hand burger and sweet potato waffle cut fries. Both were delicious! my server was Amber, who was very attentive and checked on me often. All in all this place was outstanding. I highly recommend if you're in the Farmington area, stop by Spokes.  You'll be glad you did.
Rating: 1
Text: Simply awful!!! This used to be one of my favorite places, to say it had went down hill is an understatement. Went today the food was disgusting the bottle beer I ordered was skunky so I ordered a draft and it was worse. When your draft beer taste like butter than means y draft lines are dirty and have bacteria! There were only 3 tables in the whole place occupied and it still took forever. Gross on so many levels
Rating: 2
Text: Didn't stay for food, great beer selection but no list to be found, it's just up to the customer to decipher the various tap handles. Left after a worker was observed tossing a salad with her bare hands and wiping them in her jeans.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place for dinner! We had four adults and a toddler, and everyone enjoyed their meal and the atmosphere. Our server was one of the best we've ever had. She was super attentive, conversational, and took care of our every need before we ever said a thing. If we lived closer, this would be a regular spot for us.
