Sportsman Inn
Rating: 2
Text: This place is nice enough.  Been to it several times.   Nice food, outdoor and indoor seating. Moderate priced.  I keep going back thinking the service would get better.  It does. But it may take fifty more times to reach a decent level.  I'd The servers would just do there job and wait on people it would be better.  Leave the drama of your personal lives at home. Act happy, take orders, serve them timely and don't forget that the customer experience is over till the bill paid.  The time between a guest asking for the check and the time they actually get there change or card back should not equal the time it took to get the food.   My wife keeps making me come back. Riverside I will be e back soon.
Rating: 4
Text: Our motorcycle group went there yesterday (Sunday, 8/27/2017) for a late lunch. First, we were a large group (14) and we had two different waiters working our table. The food was good, but the service left something to be desired. It took a long time to get drinks refilled and simple requests taken care of. I will say its because of the large number in our group but the waiter who was doing our side of the table didn't really seem that dedicated to quickly waiting on us. The food was good so that is a plus but I don't think I would go back with a large group again.
Rating: 2
Text: Bacon wrapped pork chops and filet were good though the steak was undercooked a bit. 
Pork chops were very tasty and tender.  Side onions and mushrooms were very good.  Spicy shrimp appetizer was also very good.  Baked potatoes came out nice as did the green beans and broccoli.  Wife's mixed drinks were very good.  However, we were over-charged on the meal and each beer came out flat.  Waitress said bar tender blamed it on warm glasses. Huh? Other customer beers had a nice foam head.  I asked two times about this issue.  I could tell the type of glass used wasn't cleaned/rinsed well; couldn't stir up a good foam head with a clean fork. Upon leaving - as I went to get the car - the waitress asked my wife if the service was OK. After telling her the issues, he had the audacity to tell my wife her tips were typically higher. Well miss, if you owned up to the issues and didn't BS us when we asked, your tip would have been better.  Observing other guests' interactions, their waitresses were much better. We got the sour apple of the group.
Rating: 5
Text: Stopped in a couple weeks ago. We pulled our boat up to the dock and had dinner on the deck. The live band was fantastic, our service was great, and the drinks were cold! Great place and great experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Best boneless pork chops ever!!! Large portions for the price. You won't find a better wait staff in Monticello!
