Springfield Brewing Company
Rating: 5
Text: The upstairs landing was perfect for hosting 45 people for my husband's birthday party. Excellent atmosphere, scrumptious appetizer platters, and our server Catherine, was quick, and efficient. Our guests commented on the wonderful food, beer, and service. Scott, the manager who booked my event, was easy to reach by phone and returned my calls and emails promptly. He was friendly and his suggestions were very helpful. Springfield Brewing Company is a great place to hold an event.
.
Rating: 5
Text: This brewery and restaurant has an awesome atmosphere! We didn't wait 5 mins before we were seated with 7 people! The beer and food here was awesome. We received great service from our waitress and the bathrooms were nice and clean. I would definitely like to go back the next time I'm in town and get a crowler or two.
Rating: 5
Text: From the minute we walked in u til we left. Everyone was very nice and we had our dogs too. It's usually so hard to travel and stop on road trips but this place made it beautifully easy!!! Now add to it that the food was amazing down to the kids Mac and cheese
Rating: 2
Text: I am giving two stars because the food is very good when you can get service. Not the place to go if you only have an hour for lunch. We had a party of four for a business luncheon, we were promptly seated and our order was taken.  After waiting over 30 minutes we noticed a couple who had been seated after us already received their food. The restaurant was not very busy. We asked our waitress about our order and she said she would check.  After waiting 50 minutes without our waitress coming back we asked the hostess.  She told us there was a mix up with our order and apologized; however we had not been notified of this while waiting. We left without lunch and returned to work hungry.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst experience ever. We arrived at 5:30 to have dinner with some friends before a show. When we entered there was small two groups before us and they took my name and said it was a twenty minute wait and we could sit at the bar. This was fine with us since we had two hours to the show. We got to the bar and ordered a round of drinks the man bun bartender was not helpful in selecting any of the specialty brews on tap and seemed short with us. After a 40 minute wait and seeing other people being seated and 7-9 now empty table I asked the man that took our names when we would be seated. He said we would be next and grab some menus and seated us a couple minutes later. Our waitress came over about two minutes later and asked for our drink order we went ahead and order our food because now we are running late. She brought our drinks and that was that last she checked on us for close to 40 minutes. She came to the table and told us that it was really busy earlier and our food should be out shortly. Five more minutes later she stops and offer some chips since our food still was not ready. We have now been here for 1 1/2 hours and no food. We decided that we couldn't wait any longer that we are already going to be late for the show and we decided to leave. I asked the bartender form before for the manager because I wanted to pay for the soda and waters we got. Had to wait another 5-8 minutes to tell them about our experience and they we had to leave. Once she final showed up I told her about our hour and forty five minute wait and still no food and her response was "sorry we are busy" as I look around at all the now empty tables. I will continue to tell this experience to anyone I can. I have had better service at a Chicago Airport McDonald's.
