St. Louis' Incredible Pizza Company
Rating: 3
Text: I eat here with some friends who just love the place.  I am not as crazy about the place as they are, yet it has much to offer.  There is a game room area (which I have never been to or even seen so I cannot comment on it).  There is a nice, variety of foods-both cold (salad bar items) and hot (Pizza, pasta, green beans, hot dogs, etc...).  The variety of drinks is very nice and also the desserts.  I have only ever eaten there right when they open at 11am on a weekday.  Perhaps it is because I arrive right when they open, but sometimes some of the food is not hot.  I am guessing that it has not been on the warming table long enough to get hot.  I would prefer it to be hot when I arrive.   It is a very clean place-floors, restrooms, and all areas that I have seen.
Rating: 4
Text: It's not bad, but the pizza tasted a bit stale the last time I went. I think the drumming game I like is gone, which is too bad, but that doesn't affect my star rating (although it would if the range was 1-100 rather than 1-5). I asked if they could make a cheese-and-olive pizza, which they did, and I think it tasted a little better than the cheese pizza that was already out when I got there. The slushies were good, as was the soft-serve ice cream, even though it only came in chocolate and vanilla. The salad was nice; not sure how to elaborate on that.
I hope I can update this review later.
Rating: 5
Text: Great groupon specials. Pizza buffet is included with a lot of packages, and a good value. My son and his friends had a lot of fun.
Rating: 2
Text: Wasn't pleased with the whole Card for Prize/Arcade game theme. Save your money & Go to Dave & Buster's ... Kids will have way more fun with less confusing tactics. Definitely not the same place from when it opened ?
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent place to bring the family for lunch or dinner. Family pricing, several different diners inside the resturant. A Game room for the kids, and also for the adults.  So much food, and so many different types. I'm sure there is something your going to love. Family restroom available.  High chairs, and handicap equipt dining tables. There is something for the entire family to enjoy. Lockers are also available. Make a day of fun, plan your next free day out with the family. 
