Stables Steakhouse
Rating: 3
Text: This is a very nice place. Wonderful ambiance, decor and music. Honestly, don't waste your money on average food. Go in, take a few pics of the beautiful place, then go to Long Horn, Texas Road House, or one of the local BBQ places. Over $64 for a 14oz NY Strip that tasted barely average and scallops that could have been prepared as well by an average cook at any one of the aforementioned establishments. The server certainly wasn't a ball of fire. Monotone, uninterested and not what I would call welcoming or even personable. The wait staff seemed to be more interested in clearing off the table before you were done than actually tending to your needs. Dang, I couldn't even sop the stuffed mushroom gravy up with my hard crusted bread. 
That's just my take, but hey, if ya have more money than sense, go get it. Just say'in.
Rating: 3
Text: MUCH more expensive than two $$ on Google reviews. The building is amazing! The food was good, but overpriced for what you get. The service was serviceable. If I'm dropping $80 a person, the service should be perfect. It was nice to try once.
Rating: 4
Text: The manager, Brittany, showed me around a was exceedingly knowledgeable about the history and the decor and design. My expectations for the food was higher than the quality. You are paying for the decor and rehabilitation of the building. My experience here was not perfect that was due to the server. I am gluten free and lactose free and they did not serve my meal according to my diet restrictions. However, I am still awarding Stables Steakhouse 4 stars because the manager was very hospital and accommodating. I don't want to ruin others experience based on a server who might be new. Be prepared to spend at least $50 per person. I would recommend for a special occasion, you must inquire about the history and also ask about the specific design per area. Excellent wine collection. An ideal location for private events. 
Rating: 5
Text: Great food, great service, great atmosphere.  Everything we ordered was excellent.  Great cuts off meat and all the sides and dessert items were perfect.
Rating: 2
Text: It is expensive but my wife and I enjoy the food. Service is good. We come here as a treat for us. Our recent visit was mared by the hostess. We made a reservation early evening. The place is empty. The hostess takes us to sit at the bar. I request another table. She goes back to her station to "see what she can do". Offers another table at the bar. I have to state that I don't want to sit at the bar. She went back to her station and walked us to another table away from the bar but obviously not a top drawer location. Wishing not to be disagreeable, and already uncomfortable, we accepted. We were dressed casual but clean and not any different than anyone else that came in after. We spent $170+ for a dinner for two. That included a healthy tip for Jess, a very friendly waitress. We have dined here before many times in the past. It had been a while. Never treated like that. When you make a reservation I don't expect to be seated at the bar. Also. I grew up in the neighborhood. So I guess I was a little insulted.
