Stagecoach Steakhouse & Saloon
Rating: 4
Text: Good food and service. Western atmosphere with a great bar.
Rating: 4
Text: Food was good.  Workers had a since of humor.  Convenient and prices were good.
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly ,good food,wonderful bloody marys
Rating: 5
Text: Love it! And it's in my hometown along with Gordyville!
Rating: 1
Text: Went in with 4 friends after checking out the flea market. We were told by a waitress, dark hair ponytail, we could seat ourselves and she asked how many and we said 5. We went and sat in the back room. We waited for 10 minutes and we had not seen a waitress and we did not have any menus. Finally went up to the counter and had to ask for menus. Was told that since we had seated ourselves that they didn't know we were there. Finally 15 minutes after sitting down we had menus. The one waitress, blonde hair ponytail, got our drink order. She was back fast with our drinks and asked if we were ready to order. We were not and in a few minutes she was back and we placed our order. We had 2 salads in our orders and we went to the salad bar. We waited for another 45 minutes for our food. It did not come. We asked our waitress what was going on and she said she would check on it. A few minutes later another waitress came out and told us that it would be another 20 minutes for our food and that they were very busy and would get to us. We waited another 10 minutes and nothing. I asked to speak the manager and was told that she was busy and that there was nothing she could do. She was rude. Finally we all got up and I asked to speak to the manager again as we were leaving and that the service was unacceptable. Again I was told that the manager was busy and was unable to come out. I asked how much it would be for the two salads and our water. I at this point was tired of trying to inform the manager and wanted to just leave. I was told that we had to pay for 2 all you can eat salad bars and the drinks. She said she would only charge us for one salad bar which came out to $10. Way over priced for the service we had recieved and the disrespect we had gotten. Finally I spoke up and said that I would not pay that and I would only talk to the manager. Finally the manager came out and asked what the problem was. One of my friends and I explained the situation to  her and she stated that they were very busy and that we were over exaggerating and that instead of just paying for a salad bar we had to pay for our food order as well. Luckily a customer who had been seated after us and had already gotten their food and had already paid spoke up as they were leaving. She confirmed what we were saying and that she had also witnessed the rudeness of the waitress to us. Once the manager realized that other people had seen this she apologized for the slowness of the service and stated that she would talk to the staff about promptness and courtesy to customers. She also finally said that there would be no charge.

Thank you for the customer that had the guts to say something and confirm what we were saying. Very few people would have said something in this day and age. If it wasn't for you the manager would have kept telling us it was our fault and kept demanding more money. 

I will never ever go to this place again. I will goto the Family Table in Rantoul instead. Much better service and probably better food as well.

I would suggest to anyone to avoid this place at all costs as you may become the victim of it being too busy for them and having too many to go orders and not getting good service.

If the owner or manager would like to contact me about this review they can. I can also give you the names of the other 4 people that were with me that received the same service.
