Stearman Field Bar & Grill
Rating: 4
Text: Had wedding rehearsal dinner in the South hangar with burger buffet. Food was good, but got cold quick due to the Big Ass Fan above it. Everyone loved the place. I think there was a fly-in that weekend, so lots of planes were in the air as folks arrived, kids (and adults) loved it. Play ground was great for the kids too.  Wanted to impress all the out of town guests, and it did. Thanks, it was a big hit.
Rating: 1
Text: We went to the breakfast, we were given a table outside, at this point all great. We waited 30 min no one came to our table or even not offered water. We felt we were ignored. Many waiting staffs were walked by us but not a single staff took the time to ask what we needed despite our effort to get their attention. Finally we decided to leave the place as it was obvious that we were invisible. We went to the front desk, managed to get their attention but at this point we were starved and gone beyond our breaking point even to consider sit back down and try it all over again. It was a very disappointing visit, only thing they have going for this restaurant is their manager. He was nice and understanding.
Rating: 5
Text: The best resturant atmosphere I have ever experienced! The food is high quality and at a reasonable price point. Other reviews mention small portions at high price but what they fail to mention is quality. My burger was awesome and the fries tasted like they changed the oil just for me.  For all you cheapos this isn't a dollar menu drive through. I Very highly recommend Stearman Field Bar & Grill to everyone!
Rating: 3
Text: Only three stars because the food is so-so and expensive for what you get. My husband and I have been here twice. He thinks the food is okay. I'm not convinced. The first time I had the meatloaf. It had chunks of celery or something in it that made it taste unusual. It also had way too much sauce on the top. It was not regular ketchup (maybe a homemade sauce?) which also made the meatloaf taste weird. On my second visit, I had the chicken fried steak, the Angry Angus I think it was called. The breading was so salty I had to take it off to eat the steak. The gravy was pretty good, although I had to pay an extra $1.50 for it. Who serves chicken fried anything without the gravy being included?!

Honestly, the Stars are for the planes. That's why people come here -to watch the planes take off and land. The biplanes are especially cool.
Rating: 4
Text: While the Stearman Field Bar & Grill is one of the only places to eat in the small town of Benton, Kansas, it is also the kind of gem that no aviation enthusiast (or fan of a great burger) should ever miss out on. Steeped in historical love for the Stearman bi-plane, as well as sitting on a live airstrip, it is truly a one-of-a-kind stop. However, the food is surprisingly good and the portions are filling. It's fair to say that their new menu and new kitchen staff have greatly improved the selection and speed, too. I do not give 5-star reviews on restaurants unless the food, speed and service is world-class... but this place is easily a 4-star stop, and a 5, if you ever go on a weekend Stearman bi-plane ride. One of the single most enjoyable and serene experiences of my life, with a hilariously overqualified pilot (and three-time astronaut). Highly recommended.
