Stoney River Steakhouse and Grill
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful meal! This steak rates higher in my opinion than the exclusive Ruth Chris type places. Try the coffee filet and save room for the fudge cake. The portions are very generous so there is plenty to share. The staff was excellent and atmosphere is great. We'll be back.
Rating: 4
Text: Great service and atmosphere. The food was great, the only small complaint is the heavy handed seasoning on an aged steak. 
The butter garlic and pepper were trying to take away the steaks flavor. Everything was excellent, just wished the steak was allowed to stand on its own flavor legs instead of using seasoning as a crutch.
Rating: 3
Text: Went there once with a group and all was fine. Visited yesterday for anniversary dinner and very disappointed. Waiter talked so fast he was hard to understand. French fries on floor under our table. Ordered my $32 ribeye medium rare Pittsburgh style. I received a piece of meat that was cooked medium to medium well and I’m not even sure it was a ribeye. No fat, not tender at all, had to saw through this thing. Au gratin potatoes are a pile of hot goo. Like I don’t even know how to explain what they looked like. And they didn’t taste much better. Lobster tail was deep fried which was different but very good. 

I’m not even trying to be funny but the steaks I get regularly at Texas Roadhouse are 10x better than these. 

I won’t be returning.
Rating: 2
Text: Food is usually pretty decent, but last nights dinner was comparable to a fast food restaurant. Also service was not as good as it used to be.
Rating: 3
Text: The first time I ate at this location the food was fabulous! My father in law ordered a nice wine, we order several apps, soups (best French onion I've had), etc. I had the prime rib which might have been the best I've ever had (that is saying something) everyone else loved their food. 

Second venture: I came back for my birthday, our waitress was fairly demeaning. We had several apps and soups again, the French onion I originally loved came unbroiled and more like a luke warm onion cheese surprise. I maybe should've sent it back as I've been more pleased at St Louis bread Co, but I was excited for prime rib! I ordered the 16 Oz prime rib and when it came out it looked beautiful and definitely over 16oz! However it was extraordinarily gamey! Maybe it had been frozen or left in the fridge a few too many days? I certainly hope it wasn't rotten. 
I have never sent anything back in my life,but this was inedible... I still feel bad about complaining. 
The manager was amazing and couldn't have been more generous. I will come back!
