Stoney River
Rating: 5
Text: We had a wonderful meal here when we came into town for the Bourbon & Beyond Festival in September.  The service was phenomenal.  And, the meal itself was equally as good.  I ordered fillet 3 ways and enjoyed every single bite of each of the different preparations.  We ordered carrot cake for dessert and probably talked about its awesomeness at least 20 times over the weekend.  I highly recommend this restaurant and look forward to returning for another great meal.
Rating: 5
Text: Went there with friends during the Bourbon and Beyond Music Festival. I was a little disappointed when I learned it was not a local restaurant but a "chain" . Well, just like many things in life, if you're open, you can have a pleasant surprise. Service was exceptionally good, even to the point of replacing our martini stemware with new chilled stemware for the side cars. Steak was everything you could hope for, cooked expertly, flavorful, tender and all the sauces and sides were great. However, the grand finale, the carrot cake extraordinaire, was off the charts good, best I've ever had and a mountain of a dessert. 4 of us only got half way through...and the ultimate crime was we didn't take it with us, trying to be good, what idiots.  I was kicking myself the rest of the weekend. Highly Recommend!
Rating: 3
Text: Food is good, but last night they were having trouble making a martini. The first one was fine. The second came and it was remarkably short. I mentioned it and she offered to take it back. It came back as a gin slushy with so much ice - white and cloudy. I don't send stuff back, but the waiter asked how everything was. So, I told him the drink was weak. He took it back and returned with another slushy. I gave up and drank my watery martini.
Rating: 4
Text: This is an awesome restaurant! Their food is great and the service is even better. Shinele took excellent care of us. 4 star because the temperature in the restaurant was way too cold. The young girls at the check in desk need some interpersonal skills training on how not to be so smug...unless that's what the restaurant wants.
Rating: 1
Text: We were really looking forward to our dinner. But sadly it was a BIG disappointment!  We ordered our dinners.....mine was overdone and the steak was tough.  I pointed to the waiter I was not happy.. and yes we replaced my meal with something else.  But I had to wait over 20 minutes for my new meal.  The manager came by - so what?  No offer for anything.  For $40 I expect better service - and I will not go back
