Stone Eagle Tavern
Rating: 2
Text: The building looks unique and cozy.  We were seated in the bar area in a booth.  Wanted to try the pizza.  Ordered their onion rings tower and when we got it it was just a plate of shredded breaded onion not rings.  They were  alright just not expected. It was not busy at all in the place at this time with.  So When I saw them place a pizza under lamps for our waitress I figured it was ours. I watched the pizza sit there for 15 min.  Finally we got the pizza and it was half Burt! Don't think we will be back.  I'm sure they do have good food though just not ours
Rating: 5
Text: I had lunch there today and the experience was fantastic. The staff was very kind and attentive. The owner came to the table to introduce himself and make sure we were enjoying our visit. If I was ever back in the area, I would definitely return.
Rating: 4
Text: The entire staff is always friendly and personable.  The food quality is far better than other choices around town, the bar area atmosphere is relaxed and good for groups, couples or individuals. The Owner is a long time bar/restaurant entrepreneur and it shows in his willingness to greet guests.  Historical Harley and Indian hanging from the ceiling is a cool touch for fans of American motorcycle history.  One of my favorite places to stop in for an appetizer and cocktail. 
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food. Nice atmosphere.  Thanks so much. Jesse was an awesome waitress. A little pushy. But thats her job. Will definitely be back.
Rating: 1
Text: Arrived shortly after 11, table for 2. The door to get in is falling off of the hinges.  We were greeted right away by a nice younger man. Jacqueline was our server. I've dined here before and this will likely be the last. Nothing is being kept up, at all. There's a layer of dust or filth on everything. Menus, tables, decor, condiment bottles... It was very unsettling. It was 11am, so it should have been fresh for the day  One of our menus was missing pages so we received another. We ordered food right away but didn't receive anything except numerous refills on our iced tea until 11:50. Our waitress never once apologized, but the man who first seated us did, which was nice that he recognized the issue. He said the kitchen wasn't quite awake yet. The kitchen should be there early to prep though, right?
When we did receive our food it was unappetizing and bland. Except for my fries; they were bathing in a pile of seasoned salt. I had to grab another ketchup bottle because mine was empty.  Again, this was the beginning of the day and shouldn't happen. 
I'm really disappointed. I barely ate, our waitress didn't care, but most of all I was so disturbed by the amount of filth that was everywhere. It's time to wipe EVERYTHING down and fix what's broken.
