Stroud's Oak Ridge Manor
Rating: 5
Text: Delicious food with endless sides. Quaint Charming time transporting location. Beautiful views of the Forest surrounding the property. 

Delicious Fried Chicken heaped up on a platter with creamy light real mashed potatoes. Green beans my mother would have loved to have learned how to cook. And then those cinnamon sugar nuggets of gold to end it all rolls.

You want this moment as your teeth crunch through to the perfectly moist chicken meat.

My two thousand mile journey to enjoy it with a dear friend made for a most precious evening.

Life is too short not to enjoy great Fried Chicken in a gorgeous setting. Transports to another time and place where deliciousness Reigns and gracious service still comes to your table.
Rating: 4
Text: The Chicken there is very good. Home style serving. It's in an old house. Atmosphere is cool. Servers are attentive and polite. You get Cinnamon rolls after dinner and they are very good. The servings are plentiful and you can take any leftovers.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food and great service.  One of Kansas City's unique establishments.  The one north of the river is particularly unique with the pond, swans, and  small steeple.  Strouds is well known for fresh pan fried chicken and their chicken noodle soup however the pork chops are also delicious.  All sides are served 'family style' and dinner comes with warm cinnamon rolls.
Rating: 5
Text: This is the only Stroud's that counts.  Gorgeous landscaping leads to an old farmstead home turned into a restaurant.  Each room maintains a historic feel, from actual wood stoves to a single group dining room. Multiple outbuildings beside a beautiful pond with swans give you plenty to do while you wait.  And you will wait - but it's worth it.  Huge portions served family style of the best fried chicken, chicken fried steak/chicken/ livers gizzards all with bottomless white chicken gravy. All sides are all you can eat, and they always send you home with more.  Plus cinnamon rolls with every order! A traditional birthday in our family going back decades!
Rating: 3
Text: I've heard only WONDERFUL things about Stroud's. People are obsessed. But I found it rather underwhelming. 

First let me say that the sides are good, and the cinnamon roles are DIVINE. Absolutely worth the dining experience.

However, I got fried chicken and fried pork chops and they were so. Incredibly. Bland. 

When I reheated my leftovers, I added copious amounts of seasoning (Ruth Ann's and Slap Yo Mama cajun). That made it palatable, but otherwise I was very disappointed.
