Studio Movie Grill
Rating: 1
Text: We have been going here since they opened. It used to be great. It’s going downhill very fast. The service is awful!!! If they make a mistake on your food good luck because they disappear you don’t get it fixed. Refills don’t happen either. I had to get my daughter her own refill which I don’t mind maybe there should be an option for that so the servers can maybe up focus on better service. I saw someone already mentioned the dirty cup holders too. They need cleaned so bad.  It’s just a bummer because the food used to be great and service too. This was our go to spot for movies. We will not be going anymore.
Rating: 1
Text: The waitress was condescending and when we asked about candy she said, "it's not worth it; it's like $5 for just this little bit of candy." We asked to have our popcorn brought out after our meals so that it would be warm, she walked away.  Sure enough, the popcorn was brought out with the drinks.  We were then offered to go boxes for our pizza, but they were never delivered.  We pressed the service button at the end of the movie to get the boxes, the staff ignored us.  The staff just continued to throw the trays in the bin loudly behind us.  After giving up on the boxes, my daughter and I went to the restrooms, which smelled gross. It was apparent that the bathrooms were not cleaned regularly.  Very disappointing :(  We won't be returning nor recommending this establishment.
Rating: 4
Text: Great seats and theatres. The food is solid and varied. It's not too expensive for what it is and they offer a '2 for $25' deal that has a good variety of their menu. Service can be hit-or-miss, but I leave happy with my experience more often than not. Order tickets ahead online to skip the line and arrive 20 to 15 minutes early to order so you aren't fiddling with your menu during the movie! The Blackened Chicken Pasta is awesome!
Rating: 3
Text: It was a really nice experience! The food was cold by the time it made it out to us. The servers were nice and prompt! Sorry didn't get any pictures this time..
Rating: 3
Text: It's great to have a nice meal and drinks during a film, but service is really inconsistent... Probably that's just the nature of the thing. It's gotta be hard taking food orders in the middle of a movie. Arrive early and get your order in before it starts and you'll be fine.
