Sub Zero Vodka Bar
Rating: 5
Text: Love being here! It's the first and bar I went to in St. Louis, and it's super nice coming here again to catch up with friends. I really like the mango peach flavor vodka
Rating: 5
Text: I was there recently meeting with a special guest. The sushi was great and I've eaten there in the past. Great burgers! My waitress was Brittney. She was very attentive and I loved her hair.
Rating: 5
Text: Love Sub Zero! My happy hour and sushi place of choice. The burgers aren't bad either!
Rating: 2
Text: Other than the food, which was good, our visit was a mess.  It took them 4 tries to seat us at the right table (we had a reservation), several of us repeatedly had to ask for water and refills, the order did not come out complete and we had to keep re-asking for things, there were questionable substitutions made on the drinks, I had to go to the hostess to ask for silverware after 10 minutes of getting our food.  Overall it was very disorganized and not a very good experience for our out-of-town guests.  Thankfully everyone agreed the sushi was tasty..
Rating: 1
Text: We read the reviews online and decided to visit Sub Zero for hamburgers. After our experience, we will not return to Sub Zero. The restaurant was not busy on a Saturday afternoon. The drinking glasses we were given had lipstick stains on them and even a bit of water still in the glasses. We each ordered a speciality hamburger. It took 30 to 45 minutes to receive our orders and the waitress ended up getting my order wrong so I had to wait another thirty minutes to receive my correct order. We didn't even order anything else but hamburgers. The waitress said that she confused the type of hamburgers because the two kinds are right next to each other on the menu. They were not listed next to each on the menu. At a restaurant, after incorrect orders and a lengthy wait, you would think there would be at least a complimentary drink or appetizer but there was nothing but a small apology. The hamburgers were not even of great quality to make up for the lack of customer service and disappointing dining experience.
