Sullivans Restaurant
Rating: 2
Text: Appetizer was cold.  Steak was over cooked. I asked for med to med-well and it was well done. Potatoes were cold, had to ask for them to be reheated and still COLD! My husband had the fish.  The tartar sauce was clumpy, almost like a cottage cheese texture.  His side of broccoli was brown.  The waitress saw he didn't eat much of his food and it was taken off the bill.  Just disappointed that we didn't have a nice experience when wanting to go out and relax.
Rating: 3
Text: I haven't really eaten here for years. However, an out of town friend was nearby kayaking a few Saturdays back and wanted to grab a bite. His dog was just as welcome as we were on the patio. We were all comfortable and enjoyed a meal (I just had the artichoke dip, better with bread but okay).

Very laid back atmosphere in the late evening. Thanks for being dog friendly, it truly helped us be able to hang out and relax.
Rating: 2
Text: Good service.  Food not that good. Sorry  that is my take. Portions are nice. Food flavor is different,not for me. Atmosphere is very nice. Spirits selection is good. French fries are great, some of the beef entrees have been tuff and dry (chewy and grisly). You cannot over cook items and expect to save it by poring seasoned sauces over it. I have eaten here several times since opening at various times of day and evening. Quality of food has dropped since opening.
Rating: 5
Text: Who knew Wauseon would have such a special place!  Great comfort style food and very friendly service.  You must try the Geeb appetizer!  Don't even ask what it is!
Rating: 5
Text: I am a patient at Fulton County Hospital, I have been here for three days now I have been craving for chicken chunks, and I had done some calling around Wauseon for a restaurant that would deliver to the hospital to me, then I called Sullivan's Restaurant and Nick said he would deliver to the hospital to me, the service and delivery were quick, and the chunks we're awesome and now I have a new favorite restaurant that I will frequently visit after I get out of the hospital, people who care. The chicken chunks put alot of the chicken chunks to shame  around Fulton and Lucas County. I look forward to the day I can stop into the restaurant and Thank them in person. Thanks again Nick. You are all awesome. And I was the envy of the hospital second floor ????. See you soon, Thank you again, Anita Snoderly, you are GREATLY APPRECIATE.
