Summit Grill & Bar
Rating: 5
Text: One of the best places to eat in eastern Jackson county. The menu is very good, elevated versions of comfort food. Anything with pot roast is to die for. You can sit in the bar which has lots of TVs and is great for watching sporting events, or you can sit on the restaurant side and have a more sedate experience. Huge seating area! Great for lunch, happy hour or dinner any day of the week. Great to see an independent restaurant do so well.
Rating: 5
Text: The street tacos are wonderful. The atmosphere is amazing, very relaxed and upscale. Waiters and waitresses have all been very good and I have eaten here several times. Normally I do take out and they pack it very well so it travels easily. I highly recommend this restaurant
Rating: 1
Text: Tried this restraunt for the first time. My husband and I are from out of town. We both had the Prime Rib sandwich. This was the worst sandwich we have ever had. For $18 most of it was raw and did not look appetizing at all. We had no idea what the sandwich came with because it was not listed on the menu. When it arrived it had  shoestring french fries with it, which were okay. The sandwich had no flavor at all not even smoke and no seasonings. It was very greasy. Halfway through our meal with our uneaten sandwiches sitting off to the side our waitress came by and asked if we would like rolls with our meal. We weren't even aware that was an option. Never asked how the meal was. She asked if we would like a togo box for our sandwiches, we told her no they were the worst we had ever had. She only said she would be back with our ticket, no I'm sorry what was wrong or offered to get manager, nothing. You could not pay me to come back here to eat ever again and no I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. Worst food and service we have ever had.
Rating: 4
Text: Food was very good. Five ladies for lunch and everyone ordered something different. Good fish and chips, yummy salads, large chicken sandwiches. They really need to work on their service. Our server was prompt but he was not friendly whatsoever. He acted as if we were bothering him the entire time we were there.
Rating: 5
Text: We reserved a private party and our waiter was Justin.  Everything was awesome!  We were seated immediately and our food was served hot and fresh.  Our waiter, Justin, was awesome! He was personable and very fast.  This was my 1st time at Summit Grill and I will definitely return.
