Sumo by Nambara
Rating: 5
Text: The staff was great which added to the experience. Usually I try to talk up the staff and generate at least a minimal conversation. These people went over and beyond keeping the night interesting and information packed about cooking techniques. And I caught the shrimp. Ordered the spicy chicken....what is that sauce made of it was food crack.
Rating: 4
Text: They sit us at a table where the grill was dirty.  I don't know if that is normal.  It's never happened before.  He did clean it before he started cooking.  The food was good as usual. The cook and waitress were excellent.
Rating: 1
Text: From the moment we walked in and the hostess, who looked like a homeless middle aged women just loitering around the property, acted as if we were not suppose to be there and that it was an inconvenience that we wanted a seat, we should have known that this was going to be a horrible experience. Once we finally were seated the rude and inconsiderate server was just as bad as the hostess. When we asked to speak to the manager, the waitress would only relay a message because the manager was busy and did not want to talk to us. This place was by far, hands down, the absolute worst experience at any restaurant we have ever had. We will never be returning to this disgusting business and will do our best to warn any would be patrons to stay far away and not waste their time. If I could give this business 0 stars I would. Furthermore, if I could give them a negative star rating it would still not be low enough for the service that we received.
Rating: 1
Text: I gave this place 1 star, because there isn't a lower rating. The place is FILTHY!! DISGUSTING!! No good vents over the grills grease and steam just rise up to the rafters. Dust hangs off of the ceiling, food and grime all over the floor, AT OPENING. The grill was dirty, right in front of us (food particles everywhere!). A lady down the way from me complained that a plate was dirty so the server moved it to the side, then a man sat down in that spot and used THAT plate! I would love to tell you how the food was, but I didn't want to risk it and you shouldn't either. If the FRONT of the house that everyone can see is this disgusting, what do you think the BACK of the house that you can't see looks like! 

P.S.          IT'S CALLED A SWIFFER!!!!
Rating: 3
Text: Food at Sumo is always incredible, but the atmosphere is definitely lacking. It's like the owners are content with what they have and have no desire to manage it or update it. Staff is bored and played out. I'm sure they have done the routine 100's of times and now they just go through the motions. The inside is disgusting. Tables are dirty. Chairs are dirty. Same ones they've had for years. Bathroom is dirty. Everything except the quality of the food needs an upgrade.
