Sunflower
Rating: 5
Text: I favorite weekly haunt for the family. We've been coming here for Dim Sum for many years and have never walked out hungry. It's also great for dinner. If you've never experienced Dim Sum with the rolling carts of yummy goodness you haven't truly lived. I recommend coming with the whole family or a group of foodie friends.
Rating: 1
Text: Really disappointed on the food,my husband order Ed chicken wings,and we've never seen wings like this ever,they were cut up in weird looking prices,did not look like chicken at all. Also I order chicken lo mein and the chicken had a weird texture to it,we payed 35 for wings and lo mein, outrageous,will never ever eat there again. Very dissapointed. Mein moon,so much better.
Rating: 1
Text: I'm not sure what happened the day we were there, I've seen a lot of 5 star reviews but did not have a 5 star experience. We went there on a Sunday, and apparently there was a party going on in the secondary room. I really don't need comfort or style to enjoy my meal - now this place is beautiful (in the party room), but it was a little cramped in the regular dining area. 

The rooms were separated by sliding doors, which were still open enough for me to see into the party. No big deal, but it was mildly distracting. It ultimately became the least of my issues with the entire experience.

Apparently the speakers in the building are all connected, meaning anything that happened into the mic in the party room was very clear to the regular diners. This was actually pretty hilarious, as my SO and I (and some other patrons that I made eye contact with) were occasionally pretty startled by the loud tapping noises and 'HELLO's that we were now an audience to - making us drop a utensil or jump and spill a drink.

Now - here's the thing. None of this would matter had the food actually been good. I love authentic Chinese and I have been on the hunt for an authentic place. The reviews I had read led me here, and I was very pleased that they also had Dim Sum. I understand the difference between Americanized and authentic Cantonese food, and I was ready for the real deal. I ordered an eggplant and pork dish, while my SO ordered kungpao shrimp.

My dish was just this base sweet flavor. There was no difference between the taste of the pork,  the eggplant, and whatever else was in the dish. It just tasted of cloying sweet sauce (and was apparently overdone, as per my SO who works in the culinary field). My not-so-picky palate was okay with his kungpao shrimp, but holy water chestnuts! I have never seen so many in a dish - it should've been kungpao chestnuts, featuring shrimp. There was no kick to it, and again...it all just tasted the same, no variation. 

I was going to at least take the shrimp home with me, but decided against it, because I did not want to extend our stay there, even just long enough to have it boxed up (which the staff did for you, normally very nice but could not salvage this). 

All in all, this was NOT what I had expected and I was very disappointed in my experience. Like I said, had the food been good, this whole situation would've been remedied. If I had to choose between here and Trash Panda Express, I'd ask for some cheapo beef and broccoli from the Trash Panda. Maybe this was a bad day for them, but I personally will not be making a trip here again - the search for quality and authenticity continues.
Rating: 3
Text: Good menu but prices are bit high for signature dishes. Staff should be friendly but the man in the restaurant works highly hard and does good follow up on the visitors. Neat and clean but the placing of tables and chairs is closer to one another, should place with little distance. 
Rating: 5
Text: We moved to Columbus recently and have already gone to Sunflower a few times. The food is really good and if you order an appetizer they give it to you ahead of time instead of at the same time as your meal -like most places seem to. 
