Supreme Buffet Sushi & Hibachi
Rating: 2
Text: Still looking for a decent buffet in Columbus. This is not one of them. I only gave them two stars because they do a really nice job on the veggies. But everything else was barely palatable. Any meat dishes that weren't drowning in salty sauce were bone dry and cold. Dessert was just a bunch of packages of ordinary store-bought cookies. The ice cream was a tasteless frozen mush labeled as mango. Depressing location too, gave me a bad feeling driving in. Will not be coming back.
Rating: 3
Text: Me and my husband come here but some changes have happen i see if you come in before 4pm then you pay lunch prices but after 4 pm the put price signs up in the seafood area like for instance the oysters are $11.00 and so on. But i must add this "I am not sure if the price is for take out only or not. But for the most part the food is great with lots of choices and it is always clean. One thing i notice if you eat one plate and then get fruit or dessert they will bring you your check to you.
Rating: 4
Text: Had the lunch buffet here today between 12:30 and 1:00 pm.  Everything that I took note of was hot and fresh (or cold if it was supposed be).  I was actually surprised as I would have only given 3 stars the last few times I came here -- on those prior visits, there were things that appeared to be sitting for a long period, but I did not notice that today.  I was also surprised that it was not that busy at 12:30.  The dining area I sat in was clean and had nice lighting for the time of day.  The food was overall was good and a reasonable value for the price ($8.37 to include tax).  

Now, the disclaimer here when it comes to my 4 star rating is that is totally based on it being a casual, lower priced buffet.  If you're looking for a higher quality (and corresponding higher price), you need to go someplace like China Dyanasty on Lane Ave. (I believe they only have a buffet on Sundays and select holidays).
Rating: 1
Text: Average price but buffet was not great and poorly stocked. Service was terrible and area is not safe. Never again.
Rating: 3
Text: Not bad for small-town Beavercreek. If you're looking to have fun with the family; get the kids a bit of a show - then this is an acceptable place to go.
