Sushi Bar Bloomington
Rating: 3
Text: Sushi Bar used to be amazing. They had a great selection of fresh fish, specially rolls, super fun Karaoke rooms for parties, and great prices. These days, we are looking for new sushi spots. The last 3 times we have been in, our order here messed up one way or another. We never get all the fish we order, all together. Last night, it took 15 minutes to get some pickled ginger.  
Rating: 4
Text: Dim lighting so the atmosphere seems quiet and peaceful. Loud pop music plays on speakers sometimes. Food is affordable and there are many sushi rolls to choose from.
Rating: 4
Text: We come here a lot. The food is amazing, and the prices are great. The service blows though. Expect to wait...and wait....and wait. Like an 45 minutes to an hour after you order for your food to arrive. And they're terrible about refilling drinks. The food is worth it though. It's usually better just to order and pick up or have delivered.
Rating: 4
Text: For the price, Sushi Bar has some of the best sushi in town. When walking in, I've found that the service is somewhat slow at times, even when they aren't packed (I blame take out orders). As far as sushi goes, it's hard to make a mistake here, but the Shrimp Tempura is my favorite. My plate recommendation would be the Spicy Soba Sake with Shrimp. The sauce is great in that dish. In addition, the house sake is tasty, as well as being reasonably priced by the bottle.

When approaching from the bypass (SR45/46), you'll have to turn around on 10th street because of the median.

Only 4 stars because it's hard to get it in and out in less than an hour.
Rating: 5
Text: I feel bad for not trying this place sooner! It's close to my house but I wasn't so confident looking at the outside of the building. However, the food was amazing! I love scallops so I had the dinosaur roll which has scallop tempura inside with smoked salmon and eel. The price was all 35% off, which meant I paid less than I expected. Also, the interior is quite nice compared to the outside. Give them a try. 
