Sweetwater Bar-B-Que
Rating: 2
Text: I came to this place last year during a rainstorm and the food was excellent. Fast service and great food, I'd rate it 5 stars.

I came back today and it was poor. Our server was slow and gave us three pulled pork instead of two pulled pork and brisket, they forgot the two peach cobbler, coleslaw, hillibilly beans, and the barbecue sauce bottles we ordered. 

One of the owners she forgot easily and once we complained strictly she gave us our correct order.

One of the staff members (that wasn't part of the family members in the business) and they were busy the whole time with their Apple Watch playing games and when they were talking to us they never even looked at us. They didn't look happy to be working here and rolled their eyes at our complaints.

Overall, the staff was nice and very forgiving and gave us free peach cobbler because of the multiple mistakes. I wish that it was same family owned business that I went to a year ago, it was pretty disappointing.
Rating: 5
Text: We were in town because of a break down. This was the closest place to eat. So glad we did we ordered a full slab of ribs for 2 they were the most tender juicy flavorful ribs I have ever had. Just wish we weren't so far away cuz this is now my most favorite place. The staff was also friendly. The place was very clean and well maintained.
Rating: 3
Text: Looks to be a local favorite based on the number of people showing up.

I got the chopped brisket with a side of Cole slaw and Hillbilly beans.  

The brisket was okay.  I wish I could say it was better but I've had much better.  Not much smoke flavor.  Honestly I don't recall seeing one at all.  The slaw was a vinegar based slaw cut chunky style.  It was good.  The beans tasted as if they can out of a can and doctored up a bit.  This would not be my first choice in Missouri BBQ.
Rating: 4
Text: The Smokey flavor is there. People behind the counter were very nice. Short walk from the truck stop. Definitely coming back when passing through.
Rating: 5
Text: The food was amazing for both of my visits. The staff was very friendly, and attentive. The atmosphere is comfortable, and welcoming. I would definitely recommend to my family, and friends. Thumbs up!
