Sweetwater Tavern
Rating: 5
Text: Let me ask you... have you ever been to a wing joint with just one sauce? Experience this place so you can say yes! The sauce is so good, they dictate to you, "Don't screw up our wings by putting anything other than this sauce on them." Hands down the best wings I've ever had. Someone I went with foolishly ordered something other than the wings, but that was a site to behold. He ordered the buffalo chicken strips and he recieved what looked like four (4) full, breaded chicken breasts as his "strips." Great experience; well worth the one hour wait (we got there at 530 on a Saturday). My only wish is they had a better beer selection. They've got beers that will suffice but a decent craft brew combined with those wings could make this place a national landmark.
Rating: 1
Text: I eat here about 3-4 times a week. The food is excellent and the service for the most part has been good. However, the consistency in restaurant policy regarding substituting and common sense flexibility leaves much to be desired. Today I ordered a cheeseburger and wanted to substitute my fries for a salad and the bartender/manager on duty refused, even though they do this for me all the time. I then get my cheeseburger medium well with no cheese when I ordered it medium rare with cheese. I send it back and tell the bartender/manager on duty to cancel the order because I don’t have any more time. She gives me the bill with 0 apologies and rudely says that she decided as the “manager on duty” that they will no longer be splitting my double rum into 2 separate drinks and if I have a problem with that to contact the owner, “because she doesn’t have time for me.” I do not plan on ever returning...
Rating: 5
Text: We are from England, visited earlier in the year and thought it had a really friendly and relaxed atmosphere. Good food and service with the bonus of some great beer. I would recommend this to my friends!
Rating: 4
Text: I recommend the Sweet Water wings w/seasoned fries, absolutely delicious! Calling your order in and just picking it up is the best way to go. I've had pretty good luck with dinning in the years I've been going tho. Oh the Cajun steak bites are amazing too...
Rating: 1
Text: Worst service ever. Brought me a meal, no napkin, no silverware. Asked for silverware, nothing for five minutes. Then went to the kitchen and asked. 5 minutes after that I got some. My table had eaten by then. So I asked to have it taken off the bill, they failed at that too. They were rude and argumentative.  Apparently you don't need silverware to eat Cole slaw.
Do not visit this place, it's really bad.
