Sweetie Pie's The Upper Crust
Rating: 1
Text: We stood in line for more than an hour... outside during the Annual Holy Convocation, after church on Sunday. We had so many senior citizens and babies out there. I called inside but the young female "manager" had very little to no compassion. She suggested that we go to another location, if we were tired of waiting for service. Mind you, they have a banquet side, but would not open it for anyone. 

I told her that several people were getting irritated, as they were visiting from all over the country. I also advised her that if I leave after this wait, I would not be visiting another of their establishments ever. In my opinion, they had poor preparation, management and customer service. The Convocation comes every year to St. Louis, so why did we have to endure this treatment for some soul food we can make at home? 

We were trying to support black businesses, but it was evident that were not welcomed at Sweetie Pie's. The security guard was eventually informed to come out to address our issues. He told us that he could only bring in no more than 6 or 7 elderly people from the cold and that he had no seats for any more. When we got in, nearly half of the restaurant was empty with lots of seats available. After several other grumbles and complaints, they finally opened up the other side. 

In spite of it all, our waiter, Tony was wonderful and helped our experience to be more tolerable. It is Unfortunate, we have to complain sometime to get decent service from establishments in predominately black areas. Believe me I'm not one to leave bad ratings or complain either, but this was the worst courtesy (or lack there of) I've experienced in a very long time. The owner was not there. I've met her and know that she would not have approved. Get it together you all. ?????
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing food, service, & atmosphere! The people are extremely friendly & the Mac & cheese is OUT OF THIS WORLD! 
Had meatloaf, Mac & cheese, mashed potatoes, corn bread, & custard pie.  Tasted like homemade Sunday dinner.  Tremendously satisfying & if you're ever in the area, I suggest you make it a point to go to Sweetie Pies!
*This is NOT a buffet, you're served cafeteria style.  So one main item, 2 sides, & bread are included in the price ($12.75-$15.00).  If you get additional sides, desert, & beverage, there are going to be additional charges.* My fiancee & I didn't know this until we paid.  
Again, it really is worth every penny!  We'll definitely be going back again!
**I suggest you go to their website to find out what they're serving as the menu changes daily. Went on a Tuesday around 5:00pm. Everything was freshly made & absolutely delicious!!**
Rating: 3
Text: I would personally prefer a menu style restaurant over a cafeteria style. The food was tasty but could've be hotter to the touch. The hours of business advised that they was gonna open up at 11:30 am where in fact they opened 10 minutes or more later. There were no to go cups available so I wasn't able to take my unfinished beverage with me. The employee named Andre was awesome. He was well deserving to the generous tip that I gave him.
Rating: 4
Text: We had about an hour wait in line but it was well worth it.  

I had pot roast, rice and gravy, yams and green beans.  Excellent!  Gravy was a bit bland.

He had baked fish, macaroni and cheese and blacked eyed peas.  Excellent!  

We each got dessert, as well.  Pear cobbler for him, buttermilk cream pie for me.  Yum!  

Highly recommend.  We were told that summer is the busiest time to go so if you don't want a super long wait try spring, fall or winter perhaps.
Rating: 5
Text: A trip to St. Louis gave us a chance to find out if the food was as good as their show maintained...IT IS! I have had yams fixed many ways during my 72. years and these are the BEST I've had! My husband is still talking about the meatloaf...really moist and the best he has had over the years. The staff were all very nice, attentive, and courteous. I can't say enough about our server, Cheyenne!! You couldn't help but smile at her personality, service, and smile. So a winner all the way around...food and people and a relaxed and friendly environment.
