Tabor Hill Winery & Restaurant
Rating: 2
Text: New Owners, we were told. I wanted the famous blue burger, which was amazing.  They don't offer that anymore because they have a new chef. Don't have the Chocolate case anymore either.  I had the rib-eye sandwich which was good tasting, but there was a big piece of gristle in the middle of it and had to take the meat out to remove it. The prices were also jacked up on everything.  Wine is good as ever. Tastings went up to $10 now.  My wife had the raspberry chicken which was just okay. Chef before was much better and the prices are higher.  Will go somewhere else for a better meal. Even the cheesecake wasn't that good.
Rating: 3
Text: The first time I ate here was in October of 2016.  It was a wonderful experience!  Great service and food.  Ate with my friends who were from out of town and here for a conference.  We really enjoyed our meal and visit.  
   I wanted to take my husband here so  one day we drove up there (about 2 hours from our home).  Service was awful!  First there was no one was around to seat us so we assumed we just seated ourselves (which is what we had done when there with my friends from out of the area). After my husband and I sat down, a waitress came in and told us we had to leave the table and wait to be seated by the hostess. wow! really?!  The hostess eventually came and -re-seated us.  Terribly embarrassing to have to do this. 
   Even though there was only ONE other table with guests at it at this time. She sat us at a table with not the best view, and when we asked to sit closer to the window to enjoy the view, she sighed and complained about it not being the waitresses table- but did it.  Then she made a point to complain to the waitress about it which we over heard since she was not talking back in a private area. 
   Then the waitress gave poor service. My husband is gluten free, she kept bringing the wrong items, and even though they were not busy,-we waited and waited for food.  When she would bring the wrong item, if we waited for the right one-the other food would have gotten cold. So not everything was brought at the same time, to enjoy the whole meal together.  
   The waitress seemed more worried about setting the tables up for the dinner (evening) meals. She was working on setting cups and stuff out on the tables in the dinning room, and worked on that more than waiting on us and the other guest in the restaurant.  It was early afternoon so there was not a dinner rush -yet! 
   We also did not get drink refills...until we were done eating and only after asking and waiting and waiting...we paid a good amount for terrible service.   Very disappointing meal....
Rating: 4
Text: Nice dining. Nice scenic area. Good food, good wine. Fun time!
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful place, we did not eat but I would love to come back and eat. The wines were ok, the price for tasting was decent. I hope they bring back their chocolates!!!! I missed those! I will come again and hopefully dine the next time!
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic restaurant with legit award-winning winery. This secluded gem sits miles off the beaten path in the middle of Michigan's hilly wine country. Free tasting is available for anyone of age. Spend some time at Tabor Hill and you may never travel out to Napa valley again. I've been coming here for decades and am impressed that they have retained their charm as they've grown.
