Taco Mayo
Rating: 5
Text: I had never heard of Taco Mayo before I moved to Parsons, Taco Bell was my go to Mexican fast food joint. After about a month I found myself wanting to go to Taco Mayo and it wasn't just for the great food. The atmosphere in this establishment was like having a meal at your best friends house on the third visit. New enough to be served your meal, yet and still being treated like family. On any giving day, you can be greeted by the owner of this business at the front counter or the drive thru, Michele Zaleski. She is the most genuine person I have ever met. Michele has built a business where, not only does she know your name, the majority of her staff does also. Some people might equate this to the fact that Parsons is a small town, but, to say that is the only reason would be selling short Michelle's ability to run a fast food restaurant that makes you feel like family. Taco Mayo, located in Parsons, KS, is definitely an intimate fast food  experience everyone should have.
Rating: 3
Text: Recently remodeled, so the atmosphere is good. The taco salad and the potato locos are quite good, but don't bother with the burritos unless you're a huge fan of refried beans.
Rating: 5
Text: We LOVE Taco Mayo!!! The food is as amazing as the service you receive! Extremely affordable which makes it nice when feeding the whole family!
Rating: 2
Text: Decent Food Services well just not real clean
Rating: 5
Text: This is one of my favorite convenience food establishments in Parsons, KS. The new facelift done on the property was a good business decision, although it has always been nice and always been clean; it's just better. The food is always very good and sizes consistent. They often add interesting items to the menu. 

There was a period pre-2016 that the staff seemed to be hand-picked much better. I'm unsure of what seems to be different in that aspect, but I don't see the female owner as much in the last 1.5 years. The employee by the last name of Minor is terrific - great customer service EVERY TIME and has been there for MANY years. He never tires of his job. 

The new employees should watch and learn from this man that has a bit of a handicap. I'm always impressed with him. I recently read that he had only taken one sick day off in years. I will also say that I've never noticed him sick while on duty. He is DRIVEN. 

He worked at LJS before Taco Bell, and provided great customer service there too. I hope that many of the younger generation have taken note of how to be an excellent employee.
