Tammy's Pizza
Rating: 1
Text: My family has ordered pizza here for years but never again. The owners are extremely rude and unprofessional, especially the wife. The customer service is shocking for a small business trying to succeed. They have started using a different (cheaper) product and the food isn't the same. They made a mistake that they were unwilling to fix and lost a group of long time customers. I don't think they understand the importance of word of mouth with a small business like that. Definitely took our business right down the street on 665 to the brand new, clean, friendly pizza shop. Happy to have found out that the Tammys pizza in commercial point is the original owners and MUCH friendlier with the original pizza. Definitely will be returning there! Don't waste your money at Hoover or Broadway locations, you'll be disappointed, especially if you ever have to deal with the owners!
Rating: 5
Text: Tammy's Pizza (both locations I might add) is our families FAVORITE Pizza place in Grove City for a variety of reasons: 

1) Their pizza is delicious and great every time.
2) They have a diverse menu. 
3) Their staff is always friendly and accommodating.
4) Their service is always speedy and on-time.

Just to name a few. This will be our pizza spot for many years to come. Whether it's dine in or carry out, Tammy's Pizza in Grove City is the way to go!
Rating: 4
Text: 4.2 out of 5 for our first time there. Ordered slices instead of the little squares.  They happily complied.  Two different pies. Pepperoni & cheese is terrific.  Second pie, was Italian sausage,  onion,  black olive and cheese. Crust is close to perfect. I've been thinking of trying Tammy's since move to Grove City.  We will try them again. 
Rating: 1
Text: I was eating in at Tammy's on Hoover rd and I watched the cook count a handful of change with gloves on and then directly walk behind the counter and grab handfuls of toppings with the same gloves on and sprinkle them on a pizza. I will literally never eat here again. So disgusting.
Rating: 5
Text: First time eating their pizza. Ordered as a family on a carry out order. This is my assessment for the large pep/extra cheese pizza we received.  It was super dry. (No sauce) The crust was burnt and so was the pepperoni. After getting home and everyone had a piece of the pizza, we all said the above comments. I called back to Tammys to ask if that was how their pizza is made to be, or did I get a bad one? The gentleman said well bring it back and ill look at it because I can't see it. Really? He knew exactly what I ordered and handed it to me, but he has to look at it? He explained to me that my pizza was made the correct way and didn't know what could be wrong.  Why not just offer a refund or offer to make us another pizza. Like I'm gonna drive a 3/4 pizza back 5 miles to see if he thinks Im right or wrong. Disappointed first time experience.
