Tasi
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic little joint tucked back off the main street in the short north! Always plan for a line around normal meal times as this place  is very popular and has very limited seating. 

Great experience every time I've dined. Food is satisfying and well seasoned. Prices are fair for the quality and quantity received. I highly recommend their biscuits and gravy, poached eggs with black bean cakes, and the Cuban! 
Rating: 5
Text: This hidden gem not only has great food but is super cute and inviting inside. I've been many times and have yet to have a lunch I didn't enjoy. Their menu changes a bit from time to time, but my absolute favorites are the rare roast beef sandwich and the chicken salad sandwich. One thing to note is the parking. It is far easier to just park off high street and walk than to try to find parking within a block or two. Most of the nearby parking is either permit only or set aside for other businesses. If you are lucky you can snag a spot out front, but there are only a few available, so I wouldn't count on it. 
Rating: 3
Text: I enjoyed my pancakes and syrup. I ordered a child portion which was more than enough. The wine was okay. The ambiance was nice. I recognized the friendly owner who came in.   I think at closing, the cashier should be more patient. If you close at 4:30, you have to give your customers at least 30 minutes to finish up. Especially when the time online says that you close at 5 pm. Other than that, it was cool. 
Rating: 3
Text: The food was not the best. Did not meet the expectations especially for the price. We did order a coffee and a chai that were good. It has a cool atmosphere. Just did not love our meals
Rating: 4
Text: I don’t mind spending the same money I’d spend on a nice dinner for breakfast; the food just has to be really good. And dang, the food here at Tasi is incredible. Potato latkes are crisp and packed with flavor. My eggs were poached to perfection, and my wife’s omelet was fluffy and majestic. Good tomatoes, too. It’s kind of a pricy place, but I expect to pay a little more per plate for food this good. I’m gonna be thinking about those latkes for a hot minute, I’ll tell you what. Atmosphere is a plus, too. The knock against it, for my wife, was their decaf coffee. It tasted like baking soda.
