Taste of Belgium - Over The Rhine
Rating: 1
Text: The first impression was good in that we were seated 30 minutes before the host stated we would be seated.  However, after that, the experience went down hill.  Our server took more than 15 minutes for our drink orders.  Then, after 10 minutes of not having our drinks, I was told my drink choice was no longer available. Finally received my drink another 11 minutes later to have two thirds of it foam.  Our appetizer was sold out as well.  We also had an order delivered that was not for our table.  Not a good experience.
Rating: 4
Text: Solid meal. I had the mushroom crepe and it was pretty tasty! Crepe was fluffy. The mushrooms and arugula were savory. Cream cheese balanced everything out. My husband had the hot brown and said it looked small but was more than enough food and delicious.

Server was friendly and could handle our table of 10+. She even brought us free tastings of a couple of beers. 

We sat on the patio and it was a perfect night for dinner outside. It was nice. Patio was clean and organized. It is right on the street but wasn't too loud. 

Good beer and drink selection!
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic food and drinks. Great service. Our server was a lot of fun to talk to. Our food ended up being delayed and, without asking, our server and the manager were so generous and accommodating. The food was delicious but the experience was even better.
Rating: 5
Text: Our server was amazing, always refilling our water before the glass was empty, and holding his own with the rude couple sitting beside us, he gave us a great restaurant experience.

A nice place to eat brunch!  Coming here for the first time, I didn't know what to expect. What was cool about this place was that almost every dish included a waffle in some way.  Whether it be a waffle with fruit on top, or a breakfast burger using a waffle as the bun, waffles are the main attraction.
Rating: 5
Text: Bloody Mary's home made. Yum! Great service. Wonderful coffee drinks. Food is fantastic.
