TGI Fridays
Rating: 1
Text: Waited quite a while to be acknowledged and seated because there wasn't anyone at the entrance. A small crowd formed behind us. We were asked if We were there first even though We were at the very front of the others! We didn't receive "silverware" upon being seated. When I got mine, my fork had food streaks on it. I requested another set. When she brought them to me.....THEY WERE WRAPPED IN A WET NAPKIN!!!!!That fork was not clean either. I took out antibacterial wipes and cleaned it myself. Note to self; will not eat at that location next year!!! Wait staff was pathetic.
Rating: 1
Text: On a mini vacation this location was in walking distance. We were seated immediately which is HOW this place received the ONE star.
The very young waitress appeared hospitable...at first. We ordered drinks and chips and salsa (appetizer free to Rewards members). Our drinks came out in portions and no chips and salsa. When the waitress came back to take orders she stood at a distance that made giving her the order rather difficult. No one should have to tell out an order to anyone and we were not going to start today.  When this was addressed her demeanor changed and she sat at the table with us...still no chips and salsa or the other portion of the drinks...can't have a martini with just the glass and no drink.
The martini shaker arrived watered down and I had to pour my own drink and FINALLY the chips and salsa arrived! Portions of the food came out cold and dehydrated looking. We sent back an item and was told it was being remade...maybe she meant reheated because this was the exact same plate of food. The tickets had items that were free billed to us. The BEST thing about this visit was that automatic gratuity wasn't enforced.  
While I understand the dynamic of this NOT being a 5 star restaurant, what I do not understand is the less than basic customer service we received and the attitude as a result of us speaking to the manager. Fast paced environments are not the place for people who do not want to do their job. We will never return.
Rating: 3
Text: Always check your to-go order before you leave the restaurant. We normally do. We used the online ordering and picked up the order ourselves. Was in such a hurry, we forgot to check the bag before we drove off and got all the way home and realized that our appetizer (pot stickers) was not in the bag. Other than that, the food was good.
Rating: 5
Text: My sister and I were in town for a game and decided to swing by for drinks before we headed to the stadium. The staff was amazing, they interacted with us as if we were old friends and made us feel like we were welcome to stay as long as we wanted! Hope to see you ladies (and a gent!) Again!
Rating: 2
Text: Hostess was no where to be found. Also he wasn't friendly or inviting at all. We sat at the bar and the bartender was excellent! She recommend great drinks but was running the bar and the food. Where are the food runners?! Group of us ordered endless apps which were endlessly cold. They also ran out of nachos and brownies. Very disappointed. 
