The Red Pepper
Rating: 4
Text: Good:
- very friendly staff
- cool, kitschy dive
- wide variety on menu

Cautions:
- while I appreciate the vegetarian/vegan options (practically the only options in town), the two menu items were pretty lacking in the flavor department

Personally, based on the food on my visit, I would not dish out a high rating, but that’s simply not fair as most customers are not vegan.  Others in my party were highly satisfied with their meaty sandwiches (which all looked fantastic!).  Aside from the food, I simply had to crank up my rating based on the cool vibes in this cafe and the friendly staff.

As far as vegan options go, it’s all about seasonings and sauces and I hope this cafe explores a little deeper.

So vegans use caution.  Everyone else... I highly recommend!
Rating: 4
Text: Good food, great service, always a fan of extra pickle on the side. Had the Hydroplane. Was supposed to come with "horsey sauce". I asked for a side after I couldn't find the horse. Underwhelming, the red onions had more sting. Four stars because horseradish is supposed have flavor, it should clear my sinuses, quietly, without overpowering everything else. Could stand to triple or quadruple how much ya'll add.
Rating: 2
Text: We have been to Madison and have  eaten at the coffee shop in the ice cream shop and decided to try the red pepper.  The food was not the best. It was Ok but nothing spectacular.    We met  the owner and she acted like we should be honored that she was taking to us. We felt that she was kind of rude and self-centered. The place did not seem near as clean as the red roaster or the red peppermint. This place could learn something from the other two restaurants.
Rating: 5
Text: Love the Red Pepper - John and Lori have done a great job of creating a warm, welcoming environment.  Their employees are always happy to see you and so pleasant throughout your entire dining experience.  The sandwiches are delicious and there are so many options.  My parents eat at the Red Pepper every time they visit from Indianapolis (except on Sundays ;))  When making dining recommendations to out-of-towners, I always have the Red Pepper as my top choice!  Keep up the great work!!!  P.S. Check out their daily sandwich special - they are typically amazing!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Great Place for a great sandwich.  From panini's, grinders, speciality sandwiches, and kid's menu there is something for everyone.  Beers and sides aplenty too.
