The Green Gateau
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent food prepared with care, very large menu (so hard to choose) and a good wine list! Ambiance and service are great too. The reason I am giving Green Gateau 4 stars is the following: the apricot Napoleon cake was a bit dry, the fries were overcooked/double-fried, and the ketchup has high fructose corn syrup. It is really easy to find natural/organic ketchup to complement the cheeseburger made with high quality local Nebraska meat that they serve. But overall liked the place very much.
Rating: 3
Text: I was excited about eating French food, especially after being in France, but this wasn't it. The menu seemed confused: it included guacamole, Armenian bread, Italian soda, and Russian drinks. The best dish was the lobster bisque (though it didn't include lobster). The horseradish sauce and red pepper sauce were also good. The crepe was decent (at least not soggy), but the fries were. Incredibly overpriced. The server was mostly absent and ended with, "Get enough to eat?"
"I didn't realize this was a buffet," I replied. Really disappointed. Will not be back.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is great. We've been satisfied for years at every meal we've had. The staff is wonderful and the food and drinks are excellent. People like Kelly Alexander (other reviewer from the east coast) who think the food is good but the "staff is pretentious" giving a 3 star are wacko in the head. The prices at Green Gateau are typical and hardly "high".  I have never (REPEAT NEVER) had a server who wasn't completely professional, helpful and sincere in their desire to make our meal right. Keep doing what you do Green Gateau and never mind (or never "change" her mind) as it's completely pointless.
Rating: 5
Text: The brunch here is one of the best you'll get in Lincoln. You will need a reservation for brunch. Don't even try to walk in for brunch.
Rating: 2
Text: Food is diverse and appealing. Enjoyed lunch a few weeks ago on 11/2. When you tie service to it though, it wasn't good. Our server, rachel, started off great, lost track and then made it personal when I said something about the time. The server attended to other orders while we waited for a desert tray and, finally, a check. Even after I made a note that we were pressed for time (hour lunch), the server went on to other tables. The server had my card, charged me, but went on to do other things again - not good, before the server brought me the check. We, finally, got the desert tray - 1 hour and 20 something minutes in. Decided against ordering three deserts and got one to go. Another ten mins of server doing other things, rude. **Definitely will make other arrangements for lunch. Lastly, a manager -  nicely dressed  and at host stand, did nothing to help that I saw; he remained at host stand during that last 30 minutes while we waited, the table behind us made a comment about the wait, good food, server was bad at end.
