The Eagle's Nest Winery, Inn & Bistro
Rating: 2
Text: The wife and I, her brother and his wife, stayed 4 days and nights at this B&B and we would not recommend this. The initial impression of the rooms were good, but once the shower was turned on the panic set in. We had noticed the staff had rolled up towels and placed them around the bathtub but were not sure why as it had a very nice plastic curtain. We quickly found out the bathtub had been installed and tiled in such a way that unless you jam towels around the circumference of the tub, water would pour out onto the floor when the shower was used, as there was no drain back into the tub and the tub was installed higher than the surrounding tile. (See photo). The wife and I were in room 1 and her brother and his wife were in room 2. We of course told them about our initial mishap and they laughed and said theirs was exactly the same. They had the same panicky experience of trying to prevent Niagara falls when using the shower also. When my wife was younger, she worked as  maid  in hotels and because of this, she always strips the bed every day to make it easier for cleaning staff. She also notices what is cleaned and what is not. Although the beds were made, the bathrooms were not cleaned properly during our stay. We asked the staff about the bathtub issue and they said oh, yes that has been a problem for 15 years. I said, you know a $25 wrap around shower curtain and bar would prevent that, they said, yes but the owner won't do that. Wow.
Breakfast was included with the stay and my wife and her brother laughingly kept an eye on the pastries in the bakery as they did not sell, and were not discarded and replaced. Most were unmoved/unsold during the duration of our 4 days, gnats included. The fresh breakfasts were good especially the omelettes, but we steered clear of any pastries or baked goods. Our stay started on a Tuesday and we finally met the owner on Saturday morning. Her first statement to me was..."is that your vehicle?" I said yes,  she said "well you need to park it across the street we only have 5 spaces available for our restaurant customers." I said, well I am one of your B&B customers (at over $100 a night) and should you not have your staff let a guest know not to park in front of the B&B? She said "well they should have told you". So I said, well I always leave Google reviews I'll let your potential customers know this fact in my review. So, now you know. (There is no rear parking or alternate parking except across the street in front of the bank.) That was my only interaction with this person. It should be noted that there were only 2 customers seen in the bistro/bakery during the time we were there. The town of Louisiana was quaint, but is a decaying ghost town that had many empty and dangerously crumbling buildings down town. Any attractions or entertainment was elsewhere. We left that Saturday morning, and the four of us left with the understanding that while we regularly enjoy our B&B experiences  (in fact this is my first poor experience) we will not visit this particular one again.
Rating: 5
Text: A great little Bakery. Don't miss it!
Rating: 4
Text: Great staff. Clean, comfy room. Tasty bakery.  Town has a great gimmick with the murals everywhere.  The town needs a shot in the arm though, I want to open a business here...
Rating: 5
Text: Charming restaurant in an out-of-the-way but sweet little town.  Staff was very hospitable and welcomed you like a local.  Loved the beer garden which is apparently a work in progress - it will be great when it's finished.  

If you're going to Hannibal, skip some of the tourist kitsch and eat and/or have a drink here.
Rating: 3
Text: Food was cheap and good. Great atmosphere and venue.  Ordered breakfast but by the time I ate, I should have ordered lunch.  
