The Lucky Monk
Rating: 5
Text: I really enjoyed the beer sampler. A variety of types to try and a nice printed menu.

The food was excellent. The nicest part of our meal was the kids meals. The meal included an appetizer of carrots/ranch followed by a main meal. On top of this there was an included dessert of a cookie with a small glass of milk and a little chocolate dipping sauce. Our boys loved it! 

Add the good beer, food, and nice treatment for kids together and it guarantees we will be back.
Rating: 5
Text: One of my favorites cheeseburger spot I will come here in a heart beat I highly recommended it the staff is nice the location, parking, service and atmosphere is perfect. They brew their own beer. Nice setting at the PATIO. With romantic fire place. Nice spot for a date!! :-)
Rating: 4
Text: Service was goid, relatively quick and attentive. I had a problem with my salad. I didn't like their solution so they met my (reasonable) need...without being snooty about it. I will return. The food that was prepared as described was very good.
Rating: 1
Text: So we went here after a movie to grab a beer and a bite to eat. Upon entering the whole place had a very strong .. garlic type smell. Anyway as we were walking to the table the floor was like oily feeling,almost slippery and we got sat next to the kitchen and bar service station. We ordered some beer and the hummus appetizer, their house brews weren't very impressive they didn't have a very good selection. The hummus was warm and runny, it was $9 for hummus and some raw veggies and they sprinkled some unknown seasoning on the pita which none of us ate. After the disappointing appetizer, and the room temp beers we decided not to order anything else. Also the bathrooms were very unclean, toilet paper everywhere and smelled of sewers. Usually the standards of cleanliness in the bathroom mirror the standards in the kitchen. Definitely won't be coming back.
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent service and beer menu. Lots of beers for those who enjoy the quest. Personally, I'm a Shiner drinker. They have Shiner! Decent burger... big American Burger.
