The Bogey Bar & Grill
Rating: 1
Text: Obvious poor management.  Have heard many terrible things about the owners and their extra curricular activities...
Food was cold. Drinks were late and priced extremely high. 
The atmosphere is struggling to find it's identity. Seems mixed between an establishment only for kids and one only for fraternity parties...not a well balanced blend. 
Owner did come to our table to see how our meal and service was. Pretty sure he was very intoxicated. Hmm...makes me think of what else could be going on behind closed doors. 
All in all The Bogey Bar & Grill is not a place I would recommend anyone go to.  I am sad to see that it has become this way from what it used to be a staple in this community as one of the places to go for a good meal and good time but that was some 15 years ago.

This restaurant and bar makes all of its money to operate throughout the year in one week during the Memorial tournament and that is why I believe they neglect every other day of the year except for those specific days of the golf. I would recommend this place to no one!
Rating: 5
Text: Great food and the service was excellent. Prices were not cheap but very reasonable. I will be eating here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Slow service, under-staffed, and poor value for food. Not recommended for large groups!
Rating: 1
Text: Workers were rude. There was no one at the front desk to seat or greet anyone in. And while I was sitting at the bar reading a menu and patiently waiting. 5 workers saw me sitting there and still proceeded to ignore me and walk past me. After 10 minutes I asked a server that came behind the bar if I can order and she had an instant major attitude. I told her never mind and left. I will never ever return there. Sucks bc my job is right behind it so it seems convenient. Not sure if it was a bad day or not but either way there is no excuse for rude service especially for a first time customer.  I never write reviews so to take the time to do this means I am pissed. And I will be spreading the word. First impressions are everything. No second chances with this place.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food good beer selection on tap friendly staff

