The Four Seasons
Rating: 5
Text: We had the most amazing wedding and The Four Seasons Columbus was so wonderful in helping make our day that amazing. The service and food was exceptional and the facility itself was absolutely perfect for not only a beautiful evening reception but a classic outdoor ceremony and plenty of pictures. The recommended vendors list was also very helpful. Judith and her team were organized, helpful, and took care of all our needs. They were also quick to respond and great at troubleshooting any hitches in our plans. I would highly recommend going in for a visit and taking a tour when looking for a wedding venue. This place was perfect and was exactly what we were looking for when planning our big day!
Rating: 5
Text: The atmosphere of The Four Seasons was very welcoming and warm. The service staff was very interactive and knowledgeable and was very passionate about their work. One of the owners, Judith Margaroli, was especially helpful. She prepared folders for each of the brides which contained menus and information in order to help them plan their wedding. The food served included grilled salmon with a dill sauce, sirloin steak with a whole grain mustard demi glace. Both were delicious! The bar selection included several wine choices along with domestic and imported beers, along with champagne. I had a wonderful time and I would highly recommend the Four Seasons Columbus!
Rating: 1
Text: The staff was rude and arrogant towards everyone all night long. Everyone was just downright unprofessional, unhelpful and could have cared less if anyone enjoyed themselves. Unless they refund my brother and sister-in-law all of the money they paid AND return the alcohol they took from the wedding party, I would NEVER recommend this venue for anything. If it hadn't been their wedding night, I would have left, it was so bad.
Rating: 1
Text: The Four Seasons has a beautiful setting. The food was top notch - many of our guests said it was one of the best meals they have ever had at a wedding. Staff was well organized and stuck very close to the schedule we had outlined. People were served promptly and professionally. 

Our big complaint about the Four Seasons has to do with the management. We dealt primarily with one of the owners. She could be very rude and argumentative. When we first booked the place, one year before the wedding, we were told by a previous employee that there was no wedding scheduled in August of that year. This year, the rental fee, $1600.00, was lowered to $800.00 if you booked your wedding within a certain period of time. One might conclude that these are all signs that business could be better. The night of our wedding, the air conditioning stopped working. It was a hot, humid, July day and we became more and more uncomfortable. Many of our guests did not dance and sat outside where it was cooler. One has to understand that sometimes, these things happen; however, the Margoli's (owners - both there that night) made no effort to come to us and explain or apologize about the problem to us. Fans could have been brought in to make people more comfortable. Having argued with Mrs. Margoli in a previous meeting, we hesitated to cause a scene with her that evening. When I inquired later, one month after the wedding, the Margolis did not respond to my letter. These aren't the type of people we would like to do business with again. We also questioned why the bartender had a 'tip jar' displayed when we were charged 20% gratutity as part of our bill. This was very embarrassing to us as hosts.

So, if you want a beautiful setting with a delicious meal - the Four Seasons is your place. They employ a cake caterer - the best. The dance floor is large and there is ample room to accomodate your guests. If you want to deal with amiable, professional, caring people who really want to make this day a wonderful memory, our experience indicates that you might want to look around. 

