The Quarter Bistro
Rating: 5
Text: We go here for Sunday Brunch every time we visit our family from the U.K. It’s great value for money, and there are some first class choices, along with a range of well cooked dishes and desserts. Our favourites are the fresh oysters and shrimps, together with rare roast beef.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food and service. We we’re seated pretty quickly for a party of 6. Will recommend to friends and family. Thank you.
Rating: 5
Text: The Quarter Bistro is our favorite neighborhood bar and restaurant.  Great happy hour specials and very good food!  Shianne is such a great wait person!  She takes very good care of us when we come to happy hour in the bar.  It's sad when she's not here.  
Rating: 5
Text: Had a wonderful going away party for a family member here. The staff called me the day before and adjusted the time for our schedule. Food was great for kids and adults alike. Really nice. I'm here again today having a light but yummy lunch. Grilled cheese with Feta?  Yum-oh and terrific French onion soup!!

Always a pleasure coming here with great food and very attentive staff.
Rating: 3
Text: Quarter Bistro for as long as they have been open, are a total hit or miss. The food can be wonderful, or mediocre. It's a bit too expensive to not be consistent in my opinion. The seafood gumbo is very yummy! I always like that. And the eggplant parm is always good. 
Never get food to go from here though, they always give you too long a time until it's ready and then when you get there (within the time they suggest) it's been sitting out and gotten cold. 
The brunch is really good. Pricey, but it's an all you can eat brunch with a LOT of options, so not sure why people expect it to be super affordable. Plus it is buffet style so not everything is going to be in pristine condition. But they do keep an eye on everything and try to keep the heat trays fresh and full. 
Service is almost always very good so I think they are trained well. I think the kitchen/line cooks are the main issue from what I've experienced.
