The Old Mattress Factory Bar & Grill
Rating: 4
Text: Went for lunch @ 11... last minute decision with co workers.  We work in Midtown.  Took us 10 minutes to get there...ten back...service was friendly and prompt!  Had a party of 10... They had no problem seating us fairly immediately.  Very acccomdating..   lunch came quickly...we were out within 45 min... Is always good to plan a little extra time as is just a great place to hang with friends!!! Will definitely go back to celebrate an event or just for a fun date night!!  Too bad we can't drink at lunch 😁 They have a great beer and drink selection definitely worth going!  Enjoy!  PS... They have a great room upstairs that you can rent for special events like weddings or parties and they also have a bar upstairs and they will staff it as well ...attended a party there had to great time!!
Rating: 3
Text: Booked a large party in advance, hostess acted like we didn’t have a reservation (place was half empty when we arrived, seating took 15 minutes, took 15 for a server to greet us. Had no tables set so when food arrived another 20 minutes later, had no silverware, salt/pepper, etc. Zack our serve was great. Food was average. Cookie dessert was amazing.
Rating: 4
Text: Once again another great meal here at the Matress Factory. The Triple Decker BLT I had was awesome. My only complaint was I had an Arnold Palmer to drink with my meal and don't be so stingy with the lemonade. The first one I ordered was almost all Iced Tea and no Lemonade. I sent it back and the waitress was good in taking it back and getting me a fresh one. So over all a good experience.
Rating: 1
Text: Compared to my hometown drinks, the bar must water down their alcohol. No Coke products either. Rude bartenders and waiters both times we were there. Waited for drinks for about 15-20 min to be greeted with a "what are you doing". I think it's universally known that if someone is standing at a bar they usually want a drink. Never go here if you're from out of town. There are better bars in the downtown area for sure.  This staff must be overworked and underpaid because everyone was in a bad mood and created a horrible atmosphere. 😬
Rating: 5
Text: Great service - Quick even with a large group. Food is really good... Especially enjoy the Turkey Reuben and turkey burger - well made & seasoned!
