The Blue Owl Restaurant & Bakery
Rating: 4
Text: It really is wonderful here. I love the blue apron uniforms. The staff is very friendly. You can't go wrong with any of the desserts and you have SO many to choose from. The price is a bit steep. $6.00 for a piece of pie. $13 for a Ruben sandwich. The dessert portion is large but the meal sizes are some what small. The food isn't the best in the world. It's good don't get me wrong, but it's not amazing. I wouldn't go out of my way because I'm craving something I've tried there. They are home cooked meals, nothing I haven't made in my own kitchen. The only difference is I can adjust my own meals to my liking. The setting is nice, always decorated well. They do throw up lots of self promotion ads and awards which take away from the beautiful seasonal displays. The place is usually very crowded and since everything is wood it can get very very loud. They do try to seat as many as possible so some tables are very close to one another. I wouldn't call it a romantic place at all but it certainly works after you've taken your mom or sister shopping all over town.
Rating: 5
Text: The pie. The pie. The pie. The food is wonderful. The service is great. The really know how to staff up for a large event and make it fun for the entire party. Go early for breakfast then come back for lunch. Or keep it simple and go for the pie.
Rating: 5
Text: I would give it more than a 5 if I could! The absolute best restaurant me and my family have eaten at in a very long time! Our waiter was the best, they were all dressed so cute in their blue dresses (waitresses lol). We must have gotten their just in time because when we left there was a line waiting out the door. And after your meal, there are plenty of cutesy shops to browse through within walking distance  :)
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I stopped in for lunch while she was in the area for work. We happened to get there just before the large lunch crowd started to roll in. Even still, service was quick, kind, and efficient. The food was amazing. While nothing on the menu seemed over-the-top innovative, my pesto chicken asiago bagel, for example, was one of the tastiest sandwiches I've ever had. My pecan pie was warm and delicious, and I savored every bite. We will be back again!
Rating: 3
Text: I have to be honest, it wasn't my favorite. If you're looking for home style cooking from when you were a kid in the 80s, this is the place. Great desserts though.
