The Casino
Rating: 3
Text: This is the closest bar to the ferry landing dock. I think they capitalize a little bit too much on the tourism, so beware. I went in here with a buddy of mine on my last visit, it was my first time going in here. They do not have any draught beer but they charge just as much for normal domestic cans or aluminum bottles. The service wasn't very attentive at the bar despite not being very crowded at the time. I think this was due to them recognizing I was an experienced connoisseur who wasn't going to accept high prices for cheap beer just for the location. Mixed drinks are served in plastic cups but are very pricey. Go here for one quick one, if the bartender happens to take time out of his busy day to notice your presence.
Rating: 1
Text: My cousins and I were recently at Kelly's island on 9/22/17. The island was dead. Not like June, July, or August.... dead. We walked in at 11:45 pm and  there was two men at the bar and five out on the patio. We waited 5 minutes with NO service. Three woman and one man walked in and immediately was served.  The bar tender acted as is she knew the new occupants of the bar that she served and continued to "chat" with them and never served my cousin, his wife, my wife and myself.  Not impressed at all with " customer relations". Maybe ownership should be more involved in the "off season" time and still serve with respect. Especially with people that have been coming to the island for 15 years.....
Rating: 1
Text: If I had a choice, I would not give a star. My husband and I were out on our boat and decided to stop by and grab a bite.. but after pulling up to the dock there and only one place to dock our boat we did.. then after walking up to the restaurant we were told we could not put our boat there, due to it was not big enough. Wow I was blown away.. so because We did not have a boat that cost 100s Of thousand dollars we were not welcome.. so you were telling me our money was not good at your dock or restaurant.. I’m sorry, but I am not a snob.. I put my pants on the same as you... one leg at a time.. I’m surprised your still in business.. maybe you need to read your reviews.. as a business owner your pretty crappy at it..
Rating: 4
Text: We came by boat and had a good time. Had the crab nachos and they were really good. Our waitress was great. We were there during a live band and was a great visit. 
Rating: 4
Text: First visit to this place for an afternoon drink.  It was a great little view on the patio, but they were understaffed.  I felt for the two servers on duty.  Even with that, our server was attentive and helpful.  We only ordered drinks and appetizers.  They were pretty good.  Not great, but good.  I would try it out again next time and hope they have some additional staff.
