The Silver Dollar
Rating: 3
Text: I've eaten at The Silver Dollar twice now and it's been pretty good. Their atmosphere is killer and their liquor selection is pretty impressive. The service isn't bad, though it's nothing to write home about, especially considering the fairly high price point for most of the menu options. I ate the chicken and waffles both times and was satisfied with it. The syrup tasted like what you'd get from Aunt Jemima's (albeit a little thinner) and the chicken was pretty tender. All in all, I wasn't really wowed by the place. It wasn't necessarily a bad experience, but I like to feel like I get my money's worth when I go out to eat, especially when I might drop a little more cash compared to a different place.
I usually recommend this restaurant to Louisville visitors who are looking for plenty of whiskey/bourbon options and don't mind spending a little money for it.
Rating: 4
Text: Good vegetarian options. I had the Molletes and the flavor was great! Atmosphere is nice and the people were very friendly! I would definitely visit again!
Rating: 5
Text: The grass fed beef at The Silver Dollar is the best I've had. I love the outdoor space in the back. It just says summer is welcoming you. Prices are reasonable. Our server, Alex, loves her job and it shines through. It is a unique space, comfortably rustic. I enjoyed the experience and plan to return again the next time I crave a cheeseburger.
Rating: 4
Text: Cold beer and good burgers.  Old firehouse renovated into a great restaurants.  Staff was friendly and knowledgeable of menu and bar selections.  The house made Ketch-up is excellent.  Parking is a bit of an issue.  Will be back. 
Rating: 2
Text: The food here is the definition of so-so. I have tried this place three or four times and every time my meal is alright, and it is so expensive! The only thing that draws me to this place is the environment, the building is awesome and it's always a fun atmosphere. I would go there to only order a drink from now on.
