The Melting Pot
Rating: 5
Text: Fine dining at its best. An array of delicious choices for a four-course meal and a chance to be served by some of the best servers in the st. Louis area. they are very reasonably priced considering the fine dining that they provide and on top of that they have promotions throughout the year where you can take advantage of deals. I highly recommend making reservation in advance so that you are sure to be able to get in when you are wanting to do to celebrate whatever it is you're choosing to celebrate that particular time.
Rating: 1
Text: Today, 8/30/17, I found a coupon online for the Melting Pot. It was for a location in Ohio, so I decided to call the Melting Pot near me, in Chesterfield, to see if they would honor it. When I called, they said that they do honor other stores' coupons. With that information, my fiance and I went to The Melting Pot with a reservation for 7 p.m. when we arrived and asked if our coupon would be honored, I was told to wait for a manager. The manager told me that, even though I had been told on the phone that this coupon would work even though it was from a different location (still a melting pot), that it would not be honored. I have no problem with a restaurant having a policy, but when you make a promise to a customer, you're obligated to keep that promise. For that reason, I did not eat there tonight. I'm sure their food is great, but I was not willing to pay for their food if they were not going to honor what they promised me on the phone. I wasted an hour of my time driving and the gas that it took to get there. Overall, very frustrated with the experience.
Rating: 2
Text: Very overpriced but fun. You would think for $100 2 adult 4 course meals drinking water and 2 kids meals with cokes would get full but 2 were hungry when we left. Expect to pay more for different juice to cook in (not sure why) and more for different cheese to dip in. Don't try to order the 20.95 create your own 3 course or you will offend them. Although it was fun and different and the kids absolutely loved it. The food was very good also.
Rating: 5
Text: The food and the service were both amazing! The wait staff was awesome and hilarious! What a great place!
Rating: 5
Text: You would have to be crazy not to love this place. The service is great and the food is TO DIE FOR! It's is such an awesome dining experience. Come ready to eat and gain 5 pounds. 
