The Copper Bar
Rating: 4
Text: Great lunch location. I have become a regular. They have great lunch specials at affordable price. I enjoy the pizza. Some times long wait when they are busy but it worth it for the great eats. Servers are always great.
Rating: 1
Text: Personal food items ordered: Mushroom Chips, and two Italian Beef sandwiches

We were part of a party of six. My husband and I arrived early, so we went ahead and ordered the mushroom chips. We waited 20+ minutes for them. They were not warm at all, but they were tasty. So that was a wash. 

After we put in our dinner order, we waited another 45+ minutes. (During this time I walked to the restroom which is past the kitchen. The visible cook was in there on his cell phone. He appeared to be just hanging around.) When we finally got our meal, the Italian Beef was completely inedible. It had been cooked/heated for what appeared to have been days. It was beyond burnt and so so dry. I would not have been surprised to find out that it was last week's beef. The server asked if we wanted something different  (we did not have time and went to our event hungry instead) and took them off of our bill, obviously. 

The running joke in most of the town is that if you have a couple of hours and aren't hungry, go to The Copper Bar for dinner. Every now and then we retest the waters, only to be reminded of what a mismanaged travesty this place is. They need Gordon Ramsey stat. 
Rating: 1
Text: I can be ignored anywhere...these people made it into a fine art.

the bartender couldn't take time away from flirting with the men long enough to hurry me a beer.  the fourth time the waitress passed me I yelled a hi at her....she quickly acknowledged my hello and hurriedly  moved on to clear an empty table....never offered me service..  I don't know if they are exceptionally transphobic or just very unfriendly people, either way...it's not a place I will revisit or recommend.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice selection of beers.  Friendly staff.  Comfortable venue.
Rating: 5
Text: Good beer selection, great service! Nice place to come and hang out and chill! Really good food selection, and food tasted great!
