The Pub at Rookwood Mews
Rating: 4
Text: Experience started off poor. No one to seat us and bartender said to pick a table. It took at least 10-15 minutes before someone came to help us. Food arrived very quickly and was really good. They had live music inside but with the wall open we could here it fine on the patio. We will be back!
Rating: 5
Text: Great beer selection and good food for the price. The service at the bar has a lot of room for improvement. Expect to wait 10 minutes or more to be noticed and served at the bar even when the crowd is light. Additionally I would suggest checking that you food is cooked before eating it. I was served undercooked chicken (still pink and cold in the center) with my grilled chicken Caesar salad very recently. 

The atmosphere is very relaxed and the beer is great. It's definitely the best bar in the area despite its few issues.

Edit: So I am updating the review to 5 stars. I've been here a few more times since my original review. The Pub is fantastic. I haven't had an experience like the one above in a long time and believe that was just an off day. Everywhere has off days. 

The bartenders are overworked. That much is true. They do the best they can given the crowd. I can't fault them a whole star for that.

Edit2: The pub has really stepped up their game in the last month. Whole new happy hour menu and now 20 oz pints are in the happy hour menu. If you haven't been in a while it is worth checking out.

TARA IS THE BOMB
Rating: 4
Text: Holy Holly! What a night! I can only explain my amazing experience at The Pub at Rookwood in one sentence: the nights' always darkest before dawn (lol)! The service was great and I loved the decor! I had never been to the Pub in Rookwood before but the general feel reminded me of a very classy Appblebee's, only with a fully stocked bar and various elevated surfaces for live dancing! (Applebee's has really gotta step it up haha!) Anyways, the only issue I had with the Pub in Rookwood was the strange tall man in the corner. I was very surprised that no one seemed to notice and or care, mainly because it was wearing a shroud and appeared to not have a face. When I asked one of the employees what  it was doing here he just stared at me and started crying, I thought I heard him murmor "no God please not again" as he ran off. Not sure what that was about. Other than that I tried to ignore  the situation until I saw it follow an intoxicated individual outside into the woods. Other than that The Pub in Rookwood was a great experience, I would highly recommend the restaurant for families with children between the ages of 3-9
Rating: 5
Text: This place is great, I work across the street and after coming here a while I gotta say, I'll always be coming back!
Rating: 5
Text: Enjoyable atmosphere for sure. Music volume is just high enough that it compliments the game or show being displayed simultaneously. Ambience is unmatched~ so much so i brought friends back on a repeat visit.

Barkeep was friendly and quite the looker ( props Kaitlyn, you put up with me and my older brotha from another motha )  but above all else great follow thru on bar service. Sarah was also great.

All in all, like Hank Williams Jr. sang " good friends, good whiskey, good loving "`.

Bottom line is, them English serve up a classy joint fer suuuuure~ thanks for having us we'll see you y'all when we see you~
