The Goat
Rating: 1
Text: My two recent trips here have been horrid. 
Trip 1 was for carryout. I was told it would be ready in 20 minutes and arrived after 25 minutes and still had to wait 15 minutes for the order. This was still the better trip.

Trip 2 was with my wife for lunch on a Sunday. We arrived at 12:45 and were sat by the hostess/waitress stand, yet after 12 minutes had yet to see "our" waitress. At that point the hostess brought us a water jug and said "Your waitress will be right over." In the next 8 minutes we saw several waitresses including one leaving with her shift up, apparently just not "ours". They all looked at us; none approached. Giving up we decided to leave. No waitress or hostess attempted to stop us or make an offer even though they kept stealing glances at our bare table. As we exited we were told to "Have a good night". We did. We ate elsewhere with no plans on ever making a third trip.

One star for the new location looking nice.
Rating: 5
Text: Great food!  I try different items from the menu every time and I like all of them, have great quality food.  Drinks are good and prices are good.  Great environment.  Some times take too long  to get your items but is only when busy or certain days of the week i guess.  Over all, I like the place a lot.
Rating: 5
Text: Came for Saturday lunch. Pizza and wings  were very tasty.  Bartender was knowledgeable about beers on tap.  For us it was a very good experience and we would come back again.
Rating: 3
Text: Food is really good if you come when it's not too busy. Highly recommend the Avacado Lime Salad and Taco Pizza (both can be gluten free). I'm not usually picky with service, but the good food sometimes doesn't make up for the bad service, so we order to go a lot or just don't go. Service is usually poor - slow host stand with several servers usually standing around chatting, servers are inconsistent (few are kind and some blatantly rude and unwilling to accommodate with little knowledge of menu, and some just plain awkward), long wait times, etc etc. Drinks are inconsistent. Seems like management could do more to make the experience better. The menu is strong with good quality food, but again, the poor service makes it hard to want to deal with for good food.
Rating: 5
Text: I've never had a bad experience at the Goat especially when Kayla Chatterton is working! Kayla is full of energy, has an amazing personality and is a very skilled bartender/server. She also has an incredible ability to make everyone feel welcome and important. I  highly encourage people to frequent this establishment, if you do not already do so!
