The Cheesecake Factory
Rating: 3
Text: This is my second time going, due to a invite by my two ladies, who can say no to ladies. (Note: Ladies are expensive, lol) The first time, we weren’t waited on, not even water was brought so we left. The second time the girls had already ordered by the time I arrived and I was informed that the order was put in some time ago. So as far as timely service, the restaurant takes a long time to bring out food. I never ate the food so I cannot report on quality and the staff are really nice. If you have the patience and good company then you may like eating here.
Rating: 5
Text: I had to come back to the reviews after seeing some of the garbage about the food. Our waitress did a great job - very attentive. The food was awesome - I cut my steak with my butter knife with no problems. Not overlooked at all - there was more pepper than I would choose but very tasty. All of the substitutions were done with no extra charges which can add up quick. Dessert was awesome as well - a lot of cheesecake of course but many choices. The drinks were pricey just for lemonade but my kids really liked them. It is a very large menu and I would recommend looking at the website before going - that helped. It is pricey but not a place you go to very often. Splurge!! We will go again for sure!!
Rating: 2
Text: Don't usually complain or review, but a number of errors made this a less than enjoyable evening out when using a gift card.
Cheesecake management and kitchen, get your act together!!!
Don't have flatbread appetizer after we ordered ... because there was no dough or takes  time to rise...????
Service was attentive,  but the food took very long for a Monday night. 
Had to assemble the ingredients for my Thai chicken curry???? Is that code for you ran to a nearby restaurant or the grocer? This was the explanation from the manager from Atlanta delivering our food.  We are in Omaha....
THIS IS YOUR BUSINESS. EACH MEAL IS A PERFORMANCE. 
He did NOT jump at the chance to make us feel better about the situation, and offered excuses, then begrudging as an after thought offered dessert, which we took him up on.
We made it clear to our young mom server working nights that we did not fault her, but you KNOW people short the server when the kitchen is slow.
If you can't cover so many menu choices, maybe you should reevaluate your offerings.
We'd love to consult with you.
IT'S BETTER TO DELIVER THAN DISAPPOINT.
Rating: 5
Text: AMAZING FOOD every time!! Great service. I have never had a bad experience here. We go every time we come to Omaha!! Love it!!
Rating: 5
Text: MY First time here, CELEBRATING OUR FIRST YEAR ANNIVERSARY WITH MY WIFE! 
Good food + good Service! 
CAN'T WAIT TO COME BACK AGAIN!
