The Nashville House
Rating: 4
Text: It was an interesting experience for lunch today.  First the positive and reason for 4 stars. The food was delicious.  I had chicken salad with pita bread, and hubby had tenderloin.  Fried biscuits and apple butter can't be beat.  The restaurant was very short staffed,  but our server and the other three were working their tails off trying to seat people,  take orders, serve drinks and appetizers,  and food when it finally came, and buss tables, and be cashiers for people lined up. When we stood to leave our server, who had smiled and been courteous through the whole thing,  said thank you for being so patient and not yelling at me. My advice to her is run!  Even though the food was good,  go someplace else to work.  As we passed people lined up to  come in, we wanted to tell them to run as well.  But there were people there trying to make a living.  Not going back until they can get reliable help. If ever.
Rating: 3
Text: I'm giving 3 stars because of the food and the wait staff. First of all the food is very good and the wait staff is very good. Here's the problem with the establishment. Zero management! They have the wait staff cleaning tables, taking orders, seating people, cashing people out and 10 other things we probably don't ever see.

We come to Nashville every year for a week at a time. We always eat at least once at this establishment because of the food. We just deal with the rest.

They need someone upfront seating people and taking people's money to keep the flow moving and let the servers do what they do best. It really is frustrating to watch and it might keep us from ever going back. Management really needs to read some of these reviews because they don't have a clue as to what's going on around them. Or maybe they do and just don't care. It's really sad because the food is good. The service is good only when the girls can concentrate on serving.

Management please get your heads out of the clouds and look around. Your going to ruin a great thing.

I gotta add something... I've been reading some of the other reviews and some of the responses from the "owner". I find it funny and disturbing that most of the reviews are basically the same complaint as mine. The owner keeps apologizing and saying that this isn't typical of their establishment. Well my wife and I have been coming to Nashville for 10 years every single year. On the times we enter this establishment it's always the same service. In fact this week once we finally got someone to take my money I went out to the store area. Not 1 person was even in the store area. I wanted to purchase a few things but couldn't. I told my wife that I wasn't going to stand around waiting to give my money to this place. 

Mr and or Mrs owner.... WAKE UP!
Rating: 1
Text: Overpriced bland food. 20 dollars for a. Patty melt meal is ridiculous!  Fried biscuits were cold and didn't taste fresh. Patty Melt was bland and the steak fries were mushy. I never like steak fries anyway because they don't seem as crisp and as tasteful as regular fries. They unfortunately don't serve regular fries-if I had known that I wouldn't ate there to begin with. Waitress said the salad comes out of a bag,  like you buy premade from a grocery store. For a restaurant I would of expected better- that's just being lazy. Cole slow was horrible!!!! Never have I tasted Cole slow like this!! I traded it back in for the bag salad. The Cole slow was so bad it made the bagged salad taste divine!! They didn't even have sweet tea! The drink glasses are so small that you need them refilled about 3 or 4 times just to give you a regular size glass! I did order a second drink of hot sassafras tea with honey. That was the best part of the meal! I will come back to drink the sassafras tea but won't ever order food from this bland restaurant!  It has gone down hill over the years! What a shame! Don't waste your money! Too many other choices to eat at in Nashville!
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointed in our experience today. Went there for lunch and even though there were empty tables we had to wait to be seated. After we were seated we saw people leave because they were told the wait was 20 minutes, even though I counted 5 empty tables. Ten minutes after my wife and I ordered, our waitress came and told us it would be about 20 minutes for us to get our chicken. How does a restaurant that specializes in chicken run out when the restaurant is not even busy? When we finally got our meals, our chicken was overcooked  and the gravy on my wife's mashed potatoes tasted like flour.  We felt sorry for the servers as they looked embarrassed while trying to help people. The lady that I think was the manager did nothing to help the situation other than ordering the wait staff around. This was nothing like the Nashville House we remember from the past.  I would strongly recommend that the owners take a good hard look at whoever is running the kitchen and the front of the restaurant before they have more customers that won't come back like us.
Rating: 5
Text: Pace yourself on the fried biscuits and apple butter because the chicken dinner is awesome. Desserts are handmade on site and you'll want to leave room for that too! Coconut cream pie is delicious!!
