The Boat House Restaurant
Rating: 5
Text: Great food. Noteworthy table service along with a friendly and caring manager who visits every table.  Wine and beer selection are outstanding.  Highly recommended. Great view of the river too.
Rating: 4
Text: Went for a wedding. Beautiful view of the rivers connecting with a view of the city skyline.
Interior was nice and the food was pretty good.
Ceremony was held outside of it all and was just a lovely spot to hold it.

Reception was in one of the party rooms but so was another wedding reception, so there was some noise coming from the other room during quiet moments and serious speeches.

Staff was attentive for refilling water and grabbing  dirty plates but a little slow on replenishing the food.

Plenty of parking and enough space for people to mingle.
Rating: 2
Text: We had dined here about a year ago, and decided that we would have our anniversary dinner here. Totally disappointed. The food was not bad, but well below expectation. The service was extremely slow and inattentive, several times we noticed the server with her head buried in her phone. So many better options for a dining experience. We will not be back.
Rating: 3
Text: The bartender (didn't catch her name) was amazing! She knew the drinks and served our party of 6 with all different specialty drinks in no time. The food was good as well but nothing was "special", it was standard steakhouse food. (-1 star). 
    Now onto why I knocked off another star...I wish I could rate just the manager and give him 0/5 starts. He was extremely rude to the bartender. He yelled at her in front of our entire party twice, for things that he could have spoke to her about later or at the least in private. She handled it like a champ though. The entire dinner I just wanted to tell him off and ask him where he learned to speak to people. It was extremely unprofessional. For this, I won't be returning unless he is gone. 
   Overall, if you can ignore the rude manager, it could be a quiet place with a view and decent food for a date night. Per person, expect to pay $40-50 if you have a drink.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful place and amazing view. Staff were all super nice, and polite. The Bartender Lori was excellent and super great personality!
