The Lunch Room
Rating: 4
Text: Even if you're not a vegan/vegetarian, this restaurant is a great option. I ordered the Mac and "Cheese" and was not disappointed. I ate the whole bowl--and the portion sizes are generous. They have a myriad of options at a great price. I did go back and there were some inconsistencies. The chowder that I had was watery and lacked flavor, but the ingredients are cruelty free and healthy so I felt good after dining. The service is fantastic. Keep up the great job guys!
Rating: 1
Text: I'm not usually one to leave bad reviews, but I find it hard to believe that this place has a policy of taking no special requests. A simple request of no Tomato and Onion on a salad was met by the clerk stating that they aren't allowing substitutions in order to keep their cook line moving. Were we asking for substitutions? Not at all. For a place that specializes in Vegan cuisine this seems extremely absurd. As a result, we were forced to cancel our entire order of food and drinks. We did our best to be discreet about canceling the order but couldn't help but notice a staff of people staring at us like we were being unreasonable. There was no one in the line behind us or in front of us.
Rating: 5
Text: Loved the atmosphere here. It was packed and people kept coming in but the service stayed calm and pretended like I was the only one in there. That is hard to do. Be careful if you're in a hurry around lunch time though because this place is a hit for lunch time. A lot of people go there for lunch. The food was great and so was the service. I will most defiantly be back soon!
Rating: 5
Text: The Lunch Room is the best Vegan Restaurant in all of Metro Detroit! (I have been to both locations ) I love the large variety of foods and the weekly dishes from around the world. (the quality of the food is great and the food is always fresh). The Staff is super friendly and very helpful. The setting is a bit cramped but cozy. I love the lights at the front of the restaurant. It is busy at most hours. I eat here at a weekly bases. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Rating: 5
Text: First time here today with my vegan friend and it was phenomenal. I ordered the queso grilled burrito and we shared the German chocolate cake and cookie dough brownie. Everything was amazing. Highly recommend!
