The Original Cottage Inn
Rating: 1
Text: I was discriminated by a host, who looks like an Indian American. I came to this place, which is near my school, to have lunch buffet by myself. The host told me to sit on small round table. I asked him whether I can have a booth, which was right next to the small table. He said that's for more than two people, so I just sat on the small table. However, there was a Caucasian guy who was eating by himself on the table. He was wearing a  University of Michigan employee shirt. I thought he came with someone, so I just ate. Then, that Caucasian guy paid his bill and left. He came here by himself. I was like What??? Then, another Caucasian guy came for lunch buffet by himself. He asked the same question that I asked to the host, and the host let him have a booth. After I saw that, I asked the host why I could not have a booth. He said "I thought it would be uncomfortable for you to have a booth because there was a guy right behind that booth. And today is Friday, so I cannot let every single person have a booth." And I asked "What about that guy? He just came here by himself. There are more people than when I came. And there was a guy who was eating by himself on the booth when I came." Then, he just apologized quickly without really meaning it. It was a horrible experience, and I will never come back here again.
Rating: 2
Text: Felt bad for the waiter because he was handling too many tables for one person. The timing of the food was too fast while my water was never filled except when I asked the waiter for more water. Also, the food is insanely mediocre. The cheesebread is so underwhelming...literally just cheese on a few slices of bad bread. I honestly think the take-out version of cottage inn is much better than this place. The actual pizza is average at best.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place for parties & celebrations. Had my children's First Communion reception here! Conveniently located across the street from St. Mary's Student Parish. Good pizza. Great lunch buffet ! Welcomes large groups !
Rating: 5
Text: The service is always excellent. Food is good and comes out pretty fast.
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely A- MAIZING!  Great service and FAB-ulous food!
