The Depot Kitchen and Taproom
Rating: 5
Text: Had lunch here with my mother at an off time, 3pm... and they were still very accommodating to us! Super sweet waitress, who frequently checked on us and even mentioned that she loved her job (you could tell). The bartender even checked us frequently. 
Can't beat the atmosphere, however it was very cold inside (historically that place has always been and I should have brought a sweater). 
The spinach and artichoke dip was phenomenal, seriously the best I've ever had.  The bread was amazing! 
Candied bacon was delicious, but a little too spicy for my liking.  
Even my side salad was yummy, they use great greens (not cheap iceberg) 
Our pizza was wonderful... and we had great leftovers.  Best part dessert... fried ice cream with the warm apple twist, YUM.  
This is a true gem, we found our new Nebraska City go to place.
Rating: 1
Text: My family and I ate here last summer(2017).  The menu had 4 items, a meatball sub, a hamburger, a pasta dish,  and steaks ($20 to $30).  I had a chef tell me once, "when trying a new restaurant, order a cheeseburger, if they do it right, the rest of their food is probably good". So being my first time here, and being one of 4 options, I ordered the cheeseburger.
 The burger was $9, $10 with cheese, and about as fancy as a $1.00 burger at McDonalds :( (about the same size too). Everything on the menu (besides the steak) was in the $10-$15 range.  The setting is beautiful but I won't be wasting any more money on the food.
Rating: 4
Text: The atmosphere was great for a date, and the service was very good.  The menu was typical bar food, pizza, burgers, a variety of sandwiches and what I had to eat tasted very good but it almost could have been more upscale for as nice as the environment was.  Still, I would recommend this place.
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely the BEST steak, wine, and atmosphere. Even the baked potato was perfect. Homemade croutons on the salad. Bacon wrapped steak wrapped around spinach. I’m telling you. What a pleasant surprise. Definitely recommend.
Rating: 3
Text: I really want to love this place.  I've been here three times and while it is better than the first time it's just not great.  Everytime we've been here they've been out of something we wanted. And I just overheard a waitress be telling another table they were out of something else.  The fries are DELICIOUS though and it's clean and bright inside.  The chicken tenders are pretty greasy also, but v tasted good.
