The Daily Bread Bakery and Cafe
Rating: 1
Text: I visited Daily Bread this morning to grab a quick breakfast before work and was unable to order food.

I walked in and straight up to the counter as there were no customers in the restaurant. As I walk up to the cash register I see at least 3 employees    within 10 feet of the register, none of which acknowledged that I was there. I waited for about 2 minutes wondering if I was going to be able to place my order as other customers started to walk in and get in line behind me. 

Another minute goes by and I decide to call it, turn around and walk out the door.

So for a little over 3 minutes I am standing directly in front of the register ready to place my order and not a single employee says anything to me.

A simple "hello sir we will be with you shortly" or "just give me one minute sire and I will be with you" would have been appropriate in this scenario but nothing was said. 

I could understand if the restaurant was ridiculously busy or there were no employees available to assist me, but it was about 25 minutes after the restaurant opened and there was only one gentlemen in the entire place sitting in a side booth enjoying a cup of coffee.  

As I left I couldn't help but wonder how long that gentlemen waited for the cup of coffee.

There is no reason why a customer should have to wait any amount of time really when the place is completely empty and there are numerous employees in the immediate area. 

Daily Bread was one of my go-to places for breakfast and lunch, but now I need to find somewhere who is willing to take my money. 

Very Disappointed Customer
Rating: 5
Text: The best bakery/cafe ever! The food is always delicious. We especially love the bacon, egg and cheese on one of their excellent croissants. My son who has been to France says Daily Bread's croissants are just like the ones he had in France. The morning glory muffins are amazing...my favorite! So are the mountain cookies. The coffee is always good, the atmosphere is warm and comfortable, and the service is great.
Rating: 4
Text: The Daily Bread is great. It's exactly what you'd think. Bread, baked goodies and sandwiches. Some soups and salads... Great coffee. There is nothing better for miles. Glad we live so close!
Rating: 5
Text: Cream cheese cinnamon rolls will change you. Get them fast. They do sell out
Rating: 4
Text: The service and the food was amazing and delicious. Missing a star because the dining area is a little too snug.
