The Cafe
Rating: 5
Text: I always have a great experience whenever I come here! There can be a wait especially during dinner but that's completely understandable. They have a cute cafe with a variety of desserts. Would highly recommend!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful food with high quality ingredients!  I've had eggs, potatoes, fruit, salads and sandwiches, all for which I would return. Efficient and friendly service, very well-oiled kitchen with a fun to watch staff. Cafe seating offers the same menu served from counter, while the opposite side provides table service in private, comfortable booths and tables.
Rating: 2
Text: This is tough for me. I deeply want to love The Cafe. I've had amazing desserts and excellent chai. I've had a few remarkable entrees. The service has been mostly good, and I find the prices comparable.

But I have issues with the place. I'd like them to decide if they are a casual bakery or an upscale dinner place. For instance, I had a lovely cocktail and an insanely good white lasagna. My husband ordered a soda and was brought a cup and a 12 ounces can for $2.50. Really? You can't even open it and pour it in the cup in the kitchen? At a nice dining establishment?

We once went with friends for brunch. The server spilled heavy cream all over my friend's pants. She was apologetic, but that was it. No manager. No taking anything off the bill. Nothing. It's not like it was just water. 

On our last visit, I ordered the s'mores French toast. I discovered it was not completely cooked. Undercooked French toast is not my thing.

I would love to go there just for dessert because they do that so well, but it's a half-hour drive for me. It's just not worth it considering our experiences.
Rating: 4
Text: Food was awesome.  I had a BLT and a bloody mary. Excellent. Fresh. Tomatoes had so much flavor. Big sandwich. Our waitress was friendly and very nice! I would have given 5 stars but my water glass had an odor and the water was warm. They need to reevaluate the glass washing water and put ice in the carafe. Otherwise very good.
Rating: 2
Text: Service is consistently slow. Asked to have my food remade because the tortillas were stale. My food came out worse than before. Seriously just go to provisions because this place has seriously gone down hill.
