The Class Act
Rating: 4
Text: Very good food and drinks.  The service can be a little slow but be patient they are students.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome Show!
Between TJ and me we have seen so many weddings and our first choice was Class Act. In fact we had been at
dozens of events they have done so it was a not brainer for us who to have on our special day. We had them drive all the
way up to our event three hours away but it was worth it.
The planning was easy and fun in fact we had dinner while doing the planning with Class Act. They really know how to
treat you right. We talked to the party planner and planned the whole ceremony and reception in one meeting. It was so
nice to know that there would be continuity at the event. The person that planned the event was actually at the event
coordinating the activities. So we planned the ceremony, dinner and dance. Class Act provided the Wedding Officiant
with DJ and PA system for our outdoor wedding and a larger system was set up inside for the dinner and dance.
Class Act kept the guests engaged and we all laughed a lot during dinner it was so much fun. The two guys from Class Act
were amazing. They kept the party going all night. There were always people on the dance floor. They were great to
work with and had an idea for everything. They aren't your typical DJ Company, they don't work off of a computer and
just stand behind the booth the whole time, the MC goes around the room talking to everyone and the DJ will come out
lead dances at times. They are high energy and we had a good time. We are so incredibly happy with how everything
turned out. Thank You!!!
Anna and TJ
Rating: 2
Text: We dined here for Mother's Day. We had a large party (16)
Understand the difficulty of serving such a large party, however,  if it is beyond the realm of good service, feel they should have advised us of the difficulty. Our server (yup singular) worked his butt off but clearly was over whelmed. It took a full 90 minutes till we got our food. 
Food quality was C- at best!  Eggs overdone, others French fries were dead cold. Up charged $1.00 for (spicy) Bloody Mary.  If this is truly a culinary arts program needs, a lot of work.
Then the bill! 5 star prices 2 Star food!
Rating: 5
Text: The food was excellent! Someone made a mistake and forgot to take our order, but the manager went above and beyond to make everything right, and in the end we had a great time.
Rating: 5
Text: “Totally Amazing”
Stopped here for brunch. Looking for something different. We were BLOWN AWAY at how delicious EVERYTHING was! We started with a half order of beingettes. They came out hot & fresh...so yummy!
