The Bridge Restaurant & Lounge
Rating: 2
Text: Shrimp Scampi was tough on top of rice couldnt taste garlic at all. Butter better than rice in my opinion.
Great baked potato
Hubby steak tough too over cooked
Probably not return again
Rating: 5
Text: Best ribs anywhere. Very tender and fall off the bone with no chewy fat. You can eat them all with a fork and it's a generous portion. Also love the lemon pepper cod and the garlic mashed potatoes. Good beer selection with some new options every time I go.
Rating: 2
Text: The Bridge Restaurant & Lounge
31 Locust St 
Dubuque IA 52001

After living most of my life in Chicago and deciding that I wanted a change I up and left and moved near Galena IL and I got a job in Galena bartending at a place called Benjamins. As fate would have it my now wife who is from the Chicago suburbs went on a weekend getaway to Galena with a girlfriend and we have been together ever since. However, when she came back to the area to go on our first date I took her out to dinner to the Bridge. So this joint has sentimental value to me…memories.

You can’t miss the place when crossing over the Mississippi from Illinois it’s right there across “the bridge”. It’s been open since 1961 and is definitely an old school restaurant. The interior is appropriately dated and hasn’t been updated since probably 1961. It shouldn’t be either its part of the charm. As charming and nostalgic as it all is I am going to throw the KO punch now….the food sucks!  

I started with a Long Island Iced Tea, which is my go to dinner drink and I couldn’t have had enough to make the food good. I ordered the Steak and Shrimp. An odd looking cut of sirloin and it was charred silly on the outside and bloody in the center. Flavorless and sad the cut of meat it was. I never add salt to anything but I had to salt up that hunk of bovine cadaver. The shrimp were cooked to death, where the entity had the look of shrimp but once I bit into it I believe the actual shrimp melted away into the oil. It was a sad display for a place that has sure seen better days.

On the bright side I like the buns in the plastic container and the mashed potatoes were decent. The salad bar is weak and the service was adequate.

                                     According To The Big Food Jerk.

I’m actually sad to have to say good bye to The Bridge. But the food was so lack luster I cannot in good conscience recommend them to anyone.
Rating: 4
Text: Food was yummy- boasted chicken and sirloin steak!  Service quite slow  but very pleasant people!
Rating: 2
Text: Not a good selection
