The Alcove Restaurant & Lounge
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I tried the Alcove for our anniversary for the first time, we had an amazing experience and look forward to dining here again! I'm thrilled Mount Vernon now has an excellent restaurant for date nights. 

We've been to many nice steakhouses, and I found the steak here on par with some of the nicer steakhouses out there. The pricing seems to be just right for an upper-end restaurant, and I feel the meal was a good value again for the quality of the food and service. 

We came on a Thursday evening and experienced excellent service, our glasses were never empty (I drink a lot of water), and the food came out shortly after our salads were finished. 

The Wedge Salad was fantastic, we both had it and loved it! 

My wife tried the Colorado Lamb Chops and liked the mint infused dipping glaze they served them with. I had the twin filets and highly recommend them as well. 

The only small negative was the loaded baked potato was small compared to the size I'm used to getting from nice steakhouses, it was just an average sized potato, and it wasn't what I'd call "loaded."  They don't classify their sides as "shareable" which most high-end steakhouses do, so I guess a smaller potato should have been expected. Again, this was a minor nit pick; we had more than enough food. 

We liked the classic feel of the decor as it fit the restaurant well. Overall it's a beautiful restaurant with great food and service.
Rating: 4
Text: Fancy fine dining. We were very under dressed, but the service and ambiance was great. You could tell that everyone was really trying hard to make us at ease and to feel waited upon.
I think we were being to casual for all that, but people took it in stride. Food was a little long, but everyone was happy with what they ordered.
I had fun, which was the important thing to me as the customer, even if it wasn't necessarily what the place was about.
Dress up and try it. I think you will enjoy it.
Rating: 5
Text: Had a cheddar cheese burger and steak fries in my last visit to The Alcove. Was delicious and cooked exactly how I like it AND the chef who cooked my meal even brought it to me personally. Love this place.
Rating: 5
Text: Celebrated one year with my wife there in July.  They recently renovated and it is very nicely done.  The steak was one of the best I've ever had.  Oysters on the half shell were a nice touch, and everybody enjoyed their entrees.
Rating: 5
Text: This is the most amazing restaurant in town. I have never been dissatisfied with service or the meal when I have been there. Now that they have dinner theater it is beyond AMAZING!
