The Lodge on 64
Rating: 2
Text: This place has gone downhill. Went today to celebrate my birthday and it was the worst experience ever. The waitress was like a bull in a China shop. She was very brash, slammed cups and dishes down on the table. Was in such a rush to pour our water that she spilled it all over the floor and part of the table and left it. Mind you, there were 2 other tables besides us, so it's not like she was busy. Saw the waitress interact with another table who was so put off by her constantly trying to take their plates while they were still eating. The one lady finally asked the waitress if she was in a hurry.

The food was ok. Not what it use to be either. Presentation & quality have declined. Portion size was good but overall not worth the price. We won't be returning.
Rating: 1
Text: My husband and I were looking for a place to eat to celebrate our anniversary.  We thought this place looked cute, casual, off the beaten path so we decided to try it. Big mistake! Walked in to find water glasses upside down on the table. Gross. Who wants to drink out of that. Ordered wine and there was gunk in my wine glass. Then we finally ordered food and we're told we were going to get bread. Bread never came, salad never came. Waitress asked us if we wanted another round of drinks. They never came. Another girl came up and asked us if we needed anything so we ordered them again. The food came still no bread or salad. They finally brought it after. I paid 16 dollars for my plate of food. Not worth it. They gave me tiny portions on huge plate. Then we were supposed to get 10% off our bill  for joining their club. The waitress forgot. And then it took so long for her to pick up the check we literally could have walked out without paying and no one would have noticed. Don't waste your time or money.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome service and great food. I brought my rambunctious young kids here for an early lunch. We arrived before they were really open and serving, but they brought us in and took great care of us anyway. We were treated awesome and had a great meal. The kids have asked to go again. 
Rating: 5
Text: While I am not out in this area all that often, this is my go to place for dinner whenever I am. The food is delicious and the service is attentive and friendly. I highly recommend this wonderful establishment!
Rating: 3
Text: Servers are not friendly and you can hear them complaining a lot. The food is just okay as well as the beer on tap selection, but I live the vibe of this place. Very cozy. 
