The Lou Eats & Drinks
Rating: 5
Text: I stopped here for dinner during my one night stay in Saint Louis. The beer was good, I believe it was local but I'm not certain. My burger was excellent. The staff was very friendly. Stacey even recommend a new soda to try, Ski, if I was able to find it in Illinois (I did, and boy was is good). This place was extremely convenient to walk to from my hotel as well.
Rating: 1
Text: The atmosphere and location of this place is great. Our burgers were overdone and dry. They forgot the cheese on our fries. The fries were bland and fast food style. Our waitress was very busy and stressed even though the place was only half full. The customer service was poor in general. The bathrooms were dirty. Would not recommend this place for a dinner date. For a night of drinking, they have an impressive shot menu. 
Rating: 1
Text: A few friends and I dined with Joey B's this past Friday. I was disappointed with the food and alcohol beverage. I ordered the rib-eye steak sandwich meal with french fries and a sex on the beach. My fries were hard; the steak was tough; and the sex on the beach taste like juice only. We arrived at 2030. We placed our order (per our receipt) at 2046. Upon receiving our bill, we noticed a 20% surcharge was added. We were informed that after 2100, a 20% surcharge would be added. However, our order was placed at 2046. When asking the waitress about the surcharge, she informed us that she did not get to work until 2100 to even place our order. Accordingly, we were to be charged the 20%. I felt it was unfair despite us ordering our food at 2046. The time delay between us placing our order and the meal arriving to our table was out of our control. When asked about it, it was an "Oh well" type of response. Very disappointed overall.
Rating: 3
Text: Good food. But the waitress forgot to put in our 7 tops order and it took 2hrs. The manager wouldn't even comp our meals or do anything for us. So that sucked
Rating: 5
Text: My fiance and I love this place! It's our favorite spot ! Great food, great drinks and shot menu is a definite crowd attraction!
