The Original Tony Packo's
Rating: 5
Text: Best hot dogs I’ve ever had. Stop at one of the locations every time I’m in town. This is my first trip to the original location and the atmosphere and history were great. Staff was friendly, smiled and were knowledgeable about the restaurant. Do yourself a favor and stop in for a Hungarian hot dog.
Rating: 4
Text: We had to go here since my husband was born in Budapest Hungary! Atmosphere was great with lots of memorabilia on the walls. We thought the food wasn't spicy enough for Hungarian but it was still good. Glad we got to experience this neat restaurant.
Rating: 2
Text: We stopped in while passing through Toledo. I was very impressed with the hot dogs and chili.  That is a lot coming from me because I normally don't like hot dogs. The waitress we had was very nice.  Prices are a little high but you get what you pay for.  The ONLY reason for less than 5 stars was the staff outside.  When I went back to the parking lot, a female staff member was leaning on the back of my Mustang chatting with the parking attendants!  (This is a car that goes to shows) Not cool! There was plenty of other things to lean on.  I will stop back - but please don't touch my car!
Rating: 5
Text: An old original that we stop at every time we are up this way. The food is consistently good, and of you've never been, check out the original; which is were we were a few weeks ago.

 I have to say, I do not remember his name, but the 6 or so foot white male server we had was phenomenal. Patient with my hard of hearing sister, went above and beyond explaining everything, seamlessly refilled our party of 6's drinks and checked in promptly each step of the way throughout our meal. I'd offer this man a job if he were in my area, he knows customer service and provided better service than many upscale restaurants. At minimum get this man a position as a trainer, it will go a long way for the business. 
Rating: 2
Text: It's amazing how much money this guy has made off this simple premise yet he seems to not think he should put it back into the business which is kind of like a slap in the face to the customers who made him rich. But he sure as hell updated as menu prices in many times. A hotdog a cabbage roll and a little cup of chili is $13! This is insanity. Old smelly tables. When your premises hot dog you should be a little bit more lenient and loose. You're offering something that every single person can make on Earth.
