The Putnam Inn Family Restaurant and Catering
Rating: 5
Text: Very fairly priced buffet at $10.50, all food has been outstanding in quality and in abundance on buffet. Service is always very friendly and very quick. Restaurant is always clean and orderly. I typically visit once a week. They also have a Friday evening seafood buffet which includes all you can eat crab legs and shrimp.
Rating: 5
Text: The food was excellent!  Plain looking inside but some of the best local food by far.  I hear the breakfast buffet is great too, looking forward to trying it soon.
Rating: 1
Text: After 16 years in the area, we just found this place back around May and it became our "Go To" place for getting together with family but recently it has left a sour taste for us.  On my birthday last month I was dying to try their Asian buffet with Chinese, Thai and other dishes from the middle east (according to their website)...what an utter disappointment.  There were maybe 2 Asian type dishes, crab rangoon and pork dumplings I think. None of it tasted very good so i thought I would eat their usual fare of fried chicken (extremely dry) and mashed potatoes (cold and lumpy).  Not wanting to totally dismiss this place we went back for seafood night a week later for my mother in laws birthday (she loves the chicken and dessert) because we have had this several times and it was great. Well another huge disappointment.  The crab legs were tough and rubbery even though they were just brought out.  Again I went to the usual fare and got a salad (croutons were soft as if not baked and disgusting), chicken (was still bloody and I even showed it to the waiter), hush puppys (burnt).  Plus they haven't kept up with desserts.  I normally don't write reviews because I am pretty easy to please but we pay 75.00 on seafood nights for my husband and myself and his mother (no seafood).  Maybe you need an adult in there on these nights to help out.
Rating: 4
Text: Buffet was good but when we arrived at 430pm some of the hot buffet items were cold. The fried chicken and fish was great. The steak compared to golden corral. Great variety on desserts. The staff was very nice. Great place for something other then drive thru or franchise restaurants. I would stop again if i was in the area.

Rating: 5
Text: Nice clean place. Friendly servers. Good food. Fast service. Homey atmosphere. Reasonable prices. Highly recommend
