The BBQ SHACK
Rating: 3
Text: Sadly, I think this place is losing its awesomeness. Years ago it was so good, we even had them cater our wedding reception. It was one of our favorite BBQ places. 
This week was the worst though. The ribs were mostly fat without much flavor. The meats were overly greasy. I was very surprised to see that they now bring out a mini-pitcher of pop to each person for their beverage, seems like they want to fill you up on drinks instead of food, such a waste. 
The sides were still decent, also very greasy, but still good. 

Overall, I have hopes that they'll get better. I'll try it again in a few months when I'm back in town.
Rating: 5
Text: I love their smoked wings. It's just a shame they don't get bigger ones so that they can offer them as an entree. I have never been disappointed in anything I have ever eaten there.
Rating: 3
Text: First off, the food here is AWESOME!!!

The only thing that keeps me from giving BBQ Shack more stars is its service.

As long as the owner is out in the front of the house and serving guests, everything is great. However, the young server the night I was there was completely inattentive.

She took our order and came back once - only to deliver the food. I had to stop the owner as he was bussing a table nearby to get a box for my leftovers, and then again when we were ready to leave, so we could cash out.

The young server? Standing at the counter with a co-worker, talking and playing on her phone.

I enjoyed the two meat special - brisket and sausage were my choices, with BBQ beans and baked potato salad (served warm). Cost for this plate was about $15.

Other that the lack of service from the wait staff (other than the owner), this place is amazing.

I will go back, and if the service is better, I will update my review.
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place! Friendly staff and the wings -n- rings are incredible.  Try it with the sweet fire sauce.  The kerosene pickles are fun!
Rating: 4
Text: It's a quick place to eat but only if u call the order in first
