Timothy's
Rating: 5
Text: The service and food was outstanding.
The roasted Tomato soup and calm chowder were fantastic.  I'd buy it by the barrel! 
Tim was a true host and his staff was excellent. Our waitress Wendy was a joy.
The fried zucchini blossoms were absolutely delicious.
The white chocolate creme brulee was an over the top finish.
Rating: 5
Text: My new favorite place! Staff was very kind and attentive and the atmosphere was wonderful. I'm on a special diet and they were extremely accommodating and caring. Highly recommend!
Rating: 2
Text: This was our first and last time there! Service was terrible our waitress never really even waited on us. She started off good but after we received our appetizer she never came back for our dinner order until after we were finished and waiting around. Never checked to see how we liked ANYTHING! Food was ok needed more description on the menu since our waitress didnt even know what stuff came with. 

Way to spice in the sauces and the clam chowder was spicy hot!
Rating: 2
Text: We have been to Timothy's old location many times and loved it!  The new location is a bit loud, when seated in the bar area.  We made reservations for dinner on a Saturday evening and expected to sit in the dining room.  When we arrived, the rude women who helped us just said "everybody made reservations!" And seated us in the bar area. Service was very slow, but this was no different than the old location.  
Love the food and the location is much bigger, but service needs improvement attention to customers needs!
Rating: 4
Text: The food is amazing.  The drinks are exceptional.  The atmosphere is phenomenal.  Only thing is the  service was poor.  The other waitress in the bar area  and the gal busser (busser looked miserable and did not smile at all) were great serving us and others.  Our waitress spent a lot of time talking with people, at the bar and at the tables.  We waited a long time for everything including the check and then to pay the bill.  We left cash and walked out and told the busser there was cash with the bill.  
We will go back and request a different waitress.
