Tony's Too
Rating: 5
Text: I travel all over the US on a weekly basis and usually groan when I have to resolve to eating in the hotel restaurant. I was so tired after a long day of travel today that I gave in and tried Tony's for a quick and easy dinner.  It was hands down the best "hotel restaurant" meal I have ever had. The service was quick and super personable.  I will be here all week on business and I will be back. 
Rating: 1
Text: My husband and I visited tonight. It wasn't very busy, but we waited a short time while the busboy cleaned a table. The waitress might have been new, as she was accompanied by another waitress most of the time. I ordered a glass of wine, and it came out warm. Now, red wine shouldn't be chilled, but this wine was WARM. I had to ask for a glass of water to supplement. We ordered Caesar salads (whole, not side), and we also ordered the tilapia dinner that is served with pineapple, "island" style, that came with white rice. We ordered it with broccoli. The salads came out fast and they were great, except the croutons were a dark bread rather than a light style that I'd expect with a Caesar salad. Still, they were nice and soft so you could get them on your fork. Our dinner plates came when I was about halfway into the salad. A bit to soon, but I hurried up. The dinner was a disappointment. The fish was good, cooked correctly, but the chopped veggie topping was not. It was peppers, onions, and tomatoes. You'd think that would be good, but out was just...meh. The fish was too spicy, which wasn't what I expected at all, and there wasn't much pineapple. The broccoli on the side was overcooked, dry, and bland. The rice was fine, but it did kind of feel like it had been around a while: puffed up some like like kind you might expect to find on a buffet line. The bill came while we were both still eating. I was only about halfway done. The waitress never asked if I wanted more wine or if we wanted dessert. When we paid, a manager came over and asked how everything was, and I told her, honestly, that it was mediocre and disappointing, which is not what I usually expect from this restaurant at all. She apologized and said she thought the servers seemed distracted this evening. (!) Then she did nothing to make it right. We even told her we'd have bought desserts and wine, had we been given the chance, and they lost money by hurrying us out the door. Our total was $5.95 for my one glass of warm wine; $6 each for salads; $11 each for the strange fish that I didn't finish. Quite affordable. Not fine dining at all. The bread bowl with whipped butter was my favorite part of all. Won't be back anytime soon. Tony's Too may have turned into a crummy hotel restaurant.
Rating: 1
Text: Attended a surprise birthday party this evening ... worst service ever...i would fire the entire catering staff..the hostess of the event ended up trying to get drinks for her guest and her guest ended up bussing tables... some people waited over a  hour for their food.  I ordered chicken alfredo, when it arrived it had no chicken .. the waitress said she would get chicken for it an hour and a half later when she brought our bill she asked if I wanted her to put it in a to go box that it had been sitting back there.
Rating: 2
Text: Not the best fried chicken I have ever had. Server never brought the drinks we ordered.
Rating: 4
Text: Great food in general, drinks are good, restaurant lay out a little different
