Torino Pizza & Steak House
Rating: 1
Text: Great Food, kind of a bummer though. The Owner & his Wife should learn how to speak to their wait staff as if they were humans...not Dogs!!! They tag-teamed a waitress for over 5 mins berating her in front of me, my girl & the entire restaurant!! The girl was in tears. We got up to leave and I handed her $20.00 then promptly left after telling the owner and his wife to cancel our order. I would eat Totino's frozen pizza before dealing these Mental Terrorists again!!
Rating: 3
Text: #1 Pizza place in town!! Been open for yrs, great meeting place for FF HS Alumni. It needs a remodel or I would of gave 5 stars!
Rating: 2
Text: Pizza is good.  Free ice cream is not as good. I didn't have anything else. Don't like the path from door to dining area. Seems narrow and there is an ice cream machine there. Staff didn't explain to pay at register. I guess you're also supposed to get your own ice cream.
Rating: 1
Text: I will never eat here again after observing a horrible exchange between the owner's wife and one of their cooks (on Christmas Eve, too!). Not sure what happened initially, but judging by the way the owner's wife was screaming, one of the cooks had accidentally dropped the sausage for their pizzas, and they wouldn't have more for another 30 minutes; I suppose the owner makes it himself. I heard the cook apologize, many times, before he finally stood up for himself and asked her to not to speak to him like that. I agree with the cook, NO ONE should be humiliated in front of a full restaurant for an accidental food dropping. In full view of the restaurant, this horrible woman told the cook to go home (and it was a busy evening). I suppose she doesn't like being contradicted and is used to treating her employees like garbage. I've given my business here for many years, but I have no problems taking my business somewhere where employees are treated with more respect. I will also be telling my colleagues and friends to avoid this restaurant. No employee deserves to be treated the way this poor cook was. What a Christmas present.
Rating: 3
Text: Service is fair. Food is ok. Pizza is good!! The owners on the other hand are something else. She does NOT like to admit if they mess up an order!!! You WON'T GET ANYTHING FREE HERE!!!!!! EVER!!!!!
