Tosi's Restaurant
Rating: 4
Text: Food was delicious, service was excellent. Will be back hopefully in the near future. Atmosphere was warm and welcoming (party of 5 adults with a baby and toddler). Very happening place with live accustic music, that was just the right volume and familiarity. One of the owners was our server and she could not have been more accommodating or pleasant. Anything you could want to change on the menu, you could (not that we wanted to, but she made that option very clear since it's all made fresh and mostly in house). Be sure to use the call ahead / priority seating, and plan your day around it- it's worth it.
Rating: 5
Text: Rode by on a bicycle ride and it looked quaint.  Checked out the reviews and decided to try it.  Oh my, we were so impressed.  When we walked in we were greeted by a couple of ladies that could have been my grandmothers, so friendly and welcoming.  Without reservations on a busy night we were seated immediately.  The menu was outstanding, too many great sounding selections.  Our waitress was so helpful, patient and kind, she made the evening fun.  They provided bread, olive oil and cheese which was unique and full of flavor.  We ordered the toasted ravioli, which was perfect.  The entrées were the Tuscan Pasta and the Great Lakes Whitefish, which came with salads.  I upgraded the salad to the spinach which was outstanding.  While we waited for our salads, our waitress brought us a small cup of their Minestrone, which had an incredible flavor, different from any I have ever had.  It was so good.  Finally, the whitefish was about one of the best prepared I have ever eaten.  It was lightly crispy on the outside, tender, flaky, moist and the perfect temperature throughout.  What a special night.
Rating: 3
Text: I would have given this all 4 stars but where i was sitting was not in the best spot. I was next to a ramp next to the kitchen and where the chef is. Not terrible but not desired. The food was incredible and the Lavender and BlackBerry martini was delicious. Service and hospitality was just okay. I wish it was more welcoming. My first time to this place. I would go back for the food.
Rating: 5
Text: Went with my wife while on our last vacation before the baby, and I was impressed as soon as we drove up. Music was the first thing I noticed and I loved the atmosphere it helped to make. The hostess was very nice and offered us the veranda which gave us an awesome view to the garden. We then had some of the best food in a long time. I have the Wood roasted Gnocchi with a Peach Basil tea and my wife had the Chicken Marsala. Very impressed overall. Will definitely be coming back and will recommend to others.
Rating: 5
Text: Always made to feel like family. Food is  terrific. We have our favorites but there's usually something new to try.  Staff is so accommodating. A place we send new friends and return often with old friends.  THANKS.
