Trailside Bar, Grill and Catering
Rating: 4
Text: We stopped for lunch today for the first time.  The food was really good.  We ordered both fried chicken and barbequed pork steak.  We also finished with a couple of wonderful pieces of pie.  I'm sure we'll look for opportunities to stop again.
Rating: 1
Text: Decided to try this place at the suggestion of a couple locals while we were staying at a nearby b&b. I like a dive as much as the next person. The place is old, dated, and felt dirty. However, of overlook that if the rest was better. Food was ok. I had the fried chicken and German potato salad. The fried chicken was crispy as juicy with a small amount of flavor. The waitress was awful. When I asked her how the bbq pork steak was, she shrugged and said "it's a BBQ pork steak." After she brought our good, we became invisible. They were slow but she never came back. Just stood at the bar, refusing to look at me. We were interested in dessert. By the time a different waitress came by to take our plates, we wanted only to leave. I told her we had wanted dessert but we're ignored. Sure shots of I wanted it to go. Umm, no, I'm not giving you anymore money. Though the waitress never moved for us, when a local came in, she was all smiles and feel over herself to get their drinks ready before they were in the door. Maybe go there if you're local, but still, you could do better. If your an out of Towner, go the 8 miles to Hermann where the people are nice.
Rating: 5
Text: They are very friendly, clean and the food is amazing and cheap.
Rating: 5
Text: Trailside catered my wedding at Little Piney Lodge June 25, 2016. I heard so many times that night and the days after how great the food was! Angie was so helpful and kind. She helped make my mashed potato bar dream come true and it was amazing! We also had hors d'oeuvres before the wedding that were a huge hit! Angie took care of the ice, the alcohol. the bartenders, plates/silverware/cups, how d'oeuvres, dinner, AND she brought us some breakfast casseroles the morning of the wedding! Putting everything into their hands took off a lot of stress and they did everything perfectly! Everything was so reasonably priced and tasty that I would most certainly recommend this catering to anyone having their wedding in the Hermann area!
Rating: 5
Text: Matt Lawrence and I attempted to ride the Katy Trail from St Charles to Columbia. Matts tire blew about a mile from this little Gem. Since we didnt have a spare we started having some drinks and good food until a friend picked us up. 
