Trailhead Brewing Co.
Rating: 3
Text: Good bar American food, but it's rather hit or miss. We've been multiple times and it really depends on the day wether the food and service is good. The beer cheese soup is our favorite. We love that it's now non-smoking!
Rating: 4
Text: One extra star for nostalgia, I guess. 

Trailhead always feels like ti tries to accomplish too much.

The beers run really good and delicious and refreshing to pretty okay. I guess the Midwest style of craft brew much like all of the St. Charles / St. Louis region craft brews. Yet Trailhead is better than most in the region.

The menu has some standard and inspired pub fair that can vary whether you get it for lunch on Tuesday or midday on Saturday or evenings on Friday.

Yet it is always busy and the folks there really seem to like it. They use good beef for their hamburgers. More of a beefy flavor.

The people that are your hosts (bar keeps, wait folks, cooks, bus folks) all work really, really hard. I've work in restaurants, also. So, I can tell they work hard.  I just hope all of you patrons tip at least 20% each and every time!  They all earn it to deserve it!!!

If you have suggestions, write them on their web site.
Rating: 2
Text: Not very good... appetizers were ok, but main course was not cooked well. I had the Mahi Mahi and others in my group had the BBQ Chicken breast was dry. This is a good place to go for a group to have Apps but not necessarily main dishes.
Rating: 1
Text: Beer was great....and that is the only nice thing I have to say. That beer would have earned you a second star had I not had to order it twice and wait 15 minutes in total.

We had a large party. Had reservations at 7:30, got our lukewarm food at 9:20. Don't waste your money on the tri-tip sandwich. Tasted like a tepid McRib, and not in a good way. Would have sent it back, but didn't want to wait until 11 for its replacement. The beer cheese soup was gross too...how does a microbrewery mess up beer cheese soup? It legit tasted like someone spilled a beer in nacho cheese; again, not in a good way. My poor 3 year old, after waiting as patiently as she could for nearly an hour and a half for her food, was served last, and, not suprisingly, didn't really want to eat her cold presumably Kraft Mac n Cheese.

The server was apologetic, but failed to offer replacements, nor did we see a manager. I've spent enough time in the restaurant industry to know that a for a party of 15 to be sitting at your tables for over 2.5hrs without seeing a manager at least to check in is a failure all on its own.

This is the worst dining experience of 2017 for me so far, and I won't be back. As a St. Charles native and LU alum, it pains me to see how far Trailhead has fallen.
Rating: 5
Text: 
Last night we went toTrailhead Brewery and I ordered a couple appetizers to share: crab artichoke dip (delicious) and shrimp stuffed jalapenos. I thought the jalapenos could've been improved by giving them a little roast to take some of the heat out of them. Had 2 of the 4 and my mouth was on fire. Having the other two this morning with rice because I enjoyed the flavor, but needed something to calm that inferno! Overall great experience, just wanted to leave this info for the chef :)
