Trostel's Dish
Rating: 1
Text: This place opens at 4pm- seats you- gives you a full menu- but once you order you're told you can't order from the menu given until 5pm- only from the "Happy Hour" menu (which has about 5 items) - what restaurant does this? The explanation was that the staff was doing food prep- but the "manager" Paul, stated that the waitress could ask if we could get items from the menu- instead of the "manager" accommodating the PAYING CUSTOMER- a weak answer of "you could ask if they can make it" - needless to say we got up and walked out - this "manager" Paul needs to take restaurant management classes or not be a manager- I've never heard of a restaurant giving out FULL menus and sitting people but can only order from another menu- and expect for the customer to be good with that- POOR POOR management & organization- this restaurant has definitely has gone down in service- if there needs to be more time to prep food- get staff in there earlier or open later- but on a Saturday? Happy hour menu only? Come on!!
Rating: 4
Text: Service wasn't fast, but I think this is more of a laid back sit and enjoy your food place. I had fish and chips and they made it with tilapia and a homemade  lemon caper tarter sauce and it was spectacular. Service was super friendly and I was full when I left and my wallet wasn't empty. 
Rating: 5
Text: Small plates so try a lot.  I've had almost everything and nothing bad.
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic small plates. The spicy pineapple mule was delicious.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I had a wonderful experience dining here.  It certainly isn't fast food and the waiter could have been little more outgoing with suggestions regarding the various menu options. That being said we are Foodies and that isn't why we came. Every item we had was absolutely delicious. The mushrooms with Boursin cheese and au jus as well as the fried avocado we're both wonderful. The only thing we would have added would have been some crostinis or bread to soak up the extra au jus. Finally, the scallops with mushroom risotto and Parmigiano-Reggiano was absolutely perfect. I would have licked the plate except my wife insisted it was uncouth. We will be back.
