Truman's Grill
Rating: 5
Text: Went last night with husband and stepson. Husband got the philly sandwich and said it was the best he's ever had! I got chicken alfredo and was great! There is a wait.....everything made fresh! So worth the wait! Go!! Let's support our local restaurants! We need a family friendly place with great food and vibes! By the way,the out door area is very nice!
Rating: 1
Text: We did not have a great experience here.  The service was mediocre at best - the waitress forgot our drink order twice, then a different server came out with our drinks and we had to tell him who ordered what.  On top of that, my drink was light on alcohol.  

We sat on the back patio, which we thought would be great, however the flies were uncontrollable, and we spent more time trying to shoo them away than eating our food.  A direct line of sight to the trash dumpsters behind the building didn't help.  This is fixable - build a fenced area for dumpsters so that your customers don't have to look at them while shooing away the flies.    

We ordered the BBQ chicken nachos and wings.  The chicken on the nachos was barely present and the chips tasted stale to me.  The wings were just different - they aren't your typical wings slathered in sauce.  The wings are cooked first, then you dip them in the 3 sauces they provide.  I was so aggravated at the indefensible service, weak drink, the flies and the other problems that even if I liked the wings, I was ready to leave, which we did.  

I gave the waitress a 20% tip but more out of guilt, as she hovered over me while I signed the iPad that she ran my credit card on.  She didn't earn 20% and this place didn't earn a repeat visit from me.  It's unfortunate, as restaurant options are limited in this area and I had high hopes based on other reviews.
Rating: 4
Text: Great atmosphere, great service...ordered steaks, the ribeye and the sirloin had great flavor but both were a bit tough. Baked potato and house salad were fantastic. French dip sandwich also excellent.
Rating: 5
Text: Just ate here for the 1st time. They opened recently and all food is fixed. fresh with locally sourced ingredients.  Definitely will come again.
Rating: 5
Text: A good place to eat everyone was delightful,realy the food is delicious, flavor profile was spot on
