Tucker's Place
Rating: 3
Text: Didn't have the greatest experience. We called ahead but still had to wait 45 minutes for a table. Luckily the 1-year-old with us didn't get too crabby.  That's why we called ahead. We had a group of 7 plus a baby. And we were assured that we'd be seated right away. 
Good food though. Still kind of smarting about the seating situation though.  Nevertheless, we'll try them again and I'm sure it will be fine.  I'll probably add a star afterwards.
Rating: 2
Text: We went here for a birthday dinner with high expectations given other reviews we read.  We decided to go with the burger, which was getting very high praise across the board.

Fast forward to the delivery of the meals and we got two overcooked burgers, an overcooked steak, and a disgusting pizza. The only thing they got right was the mozzarella sticks and chicken fingers, which doesn't take talent to cook, thank goodness, since talent is obviously lacking in the kitchen at Tucker's place.

I didn't eat my burger and while the waitress took it for the manager to look at, the manager never stopped by to apologize or ask about the rest of the dinners at the table. The other burger and steak were eaten, since they were starving and not as picky as me, they just complained while choking the food down to fill the void.

However, eating that food had consequences as they went from feeling nauseous all night and most of today to sitting on the toilet praying for a reprieve from being glued to the toilet during a workday. 

I wouldn't waste your time or money at this restaurant...Culvers and Burger King offer a better meal at a quarter of the price and you won't end up shackled to the bathroom either!!!!

Two stars for the waitress that rocked!
Rating: 5
Text: Best medium-rare burger I've had in years, and at a good price! Fresh made, just right, with fresh toppings, and a mound of fries. Add in great service and that spells "I'll be back!"
Rating: 5
Text: Service was excellent! Food was worth every penny! This was a picture of my meal you be the judge.
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent burger.  9oz of ground steak covered with pepper jack cheese and done just the way I asked.  The service was very good too.  After we had dinner inside, we sat out in the garden area and had a few adult beverages.  Great night.
