Tuscany Steak & Pasta House
Rating: 2
Text: Started strong. Really pushed the buffet and it looked really good, at first. Food was lacking...something. Fried chicken had batter on it that reminded me of the coating on fried fish. Pasta overdone. Chicken overdone. Mashed potatoes gross and cold. Salad was good but they didn't set the hard boiled eggs with vinegar so all of the yolks turned funky green. 

And there were a lot of flies around distracting us while we ate. 

Decent food for the area but I would prefer to not return ever again.
Rating: 1
Text: We stopped in on a quick trip through Paris. I ordered the linguine marinara with meatballs and my fiance ordered the veal parmigiana. My meatballs tasted like they had been very overcooked. My fiance's veal was cooked unevenly and did not resemble veal at all. Neither of us enjoyed the pasta - the sauce didn't stick to it and was quite watery, so it didn't have much flavor. Even the salads were a sorry sight with red-tinged lettuce & spots on the tomatoes. We both left disappointed and hungry. Our waiter was friendly enough, so that was a good point of our visit. It would be nice if they could spruce up the interior and revise their menu to just a few dishes that they could pull off really well. We will not be visiting again.
Rating: 1
Text: My family and I used to drive up here every weekend and eat. It used to be phenomenal! Tonight we went after not going for several months and it was absolutely dissapinting. It's been doing a steady decline for a year or two, but tonight was the final straw. Service was horrifying. Food was so tough I had to spit some bites out. Repeatedly ran out of our drinks and had to ask for more. 
They always used to play nice blues music. Tonight we had to listen to whiny Justin Beiber and rap on blast over the speakers. When I asked to talk to the manager, his daughter looked scared and confused and wouldn't let me talk to him. 
Never coming back.
Rating: 1
Text: I use to love this place but now the food is gross and not as nice as it use to be
Rating: 5
Text: Priced better than olive garden for pasta. Good portion good food. Sunday buffet is petty good
