Twilight Bistro
Rating: 4
Text: Food is always good. One of the few places in town with a good salad bar. Free iced tea. However, the ventilation is terrible and I frequently leave with a very strong smell that stays on me all day.
Rating: 5
Text: Love their Twilight Burger. Large fresh salad bar and very good soups. 
Rating: 5
Text: Great prices! Fresh and wonderful food and salad bar!
Rating: 1
Text: Me and my mother went in to this restaurant (Twilight Bistro, in downtown Evansville), and we were seated in the very front of the restaurant (as far as possible away from everyone else that was seated in the back of the restaurant). I ordered a hamburger for me and my mother to share, and then I forgot that I wanted to ask about what all they put on the hamburger, so I got up from my seat and walked up to the counter (behind where this business person was at paying for his check), and then the lady that took my order (and who was taking care of the business person that was paying for his ticket) gave me the dirtiest look, and ordered my back to my seat (saying something like "I think you need to go back to your seat and sit down") in a very ugly way that really put me in shock. I have never been treated that way by anyone in my life. After I walked back to my seat and sat down, I was so upset that I got back up and walked back up to the counter to ask her why she was so rude to me, and she treats me like a little child again and orders me back to my seat yet again (before I can even get a word in), so I proceed to tell her how rude she is being to me (in a nice calm way). So then she tells me that I can leave, and then has her husband (the owner and cook) throw me and my mother out of the restaurant (and chased us out of there). I tried to explain to him what happened, but he just ignored me and treated me like I was some stinky homeless bum off of the street. I think that me and my mother were discriminated against, because the lady (owner) thought that we were poor (because we just ordered a hamburger to share), and I have never been so badly treated in a restaurant in my entire life (and I go out to nice restaurants to eat 3 to 4 times a week). I just want everyone to know that these restaurant owners that run the Twilight Bistro are very bad people, and they will discriminate against you (if you maybe feel the need to just order 1 item to share with the person you are with, or maybe if you are not wearing really classy clothing that only higher class people wear). I plan on writing a complaint (maybe at city hall) after the way me and my mother were treated at this restaurant. We may not have the nicest high fashion clothes, but we are clean and shower every day, and wear nice clean clothing (and we are nice people), and did not deserve to be discriminated against. We are caucasion too (so it was not a race issue).  
Rating: 5
Text: Sorry to hear about you're loss . Form all of us at the House of Como 
