UMI Japanese Steakhouse
Rating: 5
Text: Been here a lot. My favorite place to get sushi. They recently added new stuff to their menu and try some of them and they're really good. I recommend the passion mango cheesecake they now have. Also enjoyed the halo roll, coco loco roll, and chilli roll. Of course my all time favorite is the bagel roll. A great place for dinning or hibachi.
Rating: 3
Text: Good food only reason 3 stars is the sushi wasn’t on par for us. My wife and I couldn’t eat one of our rolls of sushi because the tuna just didn’t smell right last time we went. We’ve been many other times and it was good. Don’t know what happened
Rating: 3
Text: Came in 30 min before they closed and the waitress was upset that we wanted to sit at the sushi bar because she said she had already cleaned it . Just thought that was dumb and pointless and kind of rude . Her exact words were “cant you just sit at a table? “ food was good but she didn’t even ask what we wanted to drink she just gave us water out of no where. So my compliments (3 stars) for the sushi chef, but -2 stars for the waitress who seemed eager to leave.
Rating: 1
Text: My wife and I went to Umi with some friends to celebrate his birthday. Once we where seated at our table another group of people can in and they were all ready drunk and very loud. We asked management to get control of them. Nothing was done but a white dress went over to the group and started a chant with them which only made matter's worst. We had been sitting for one hour still no food had showed up and the group was still very loud. My friend turned to the group and ask them calm down and of course they didn't. So all 10 of us left. Management came up to us about what had happened, of course by that time the food that order an hour ago was coming out. We all said no to any idea of staying, I work in the same business and when we have a problem like  that first we tell them to calm down and because they were drunk already we would not sale them any alcohol. Which you didn't do they were still be served. The second time would be to remove them from the restaurant, if they would not go, the poilce would have been called. You did none of these things, therefore we left and we did not understand why nothing was really done. I don't believe we will be coming back.
Rating: 5
Text: We come as often as we can! The hibachi is an experience and super delicious, and I'm hooked on their Umi breeze. Love their jalapeno crab sticks!!!! Haven't had any bad sushi yet. They have affordable options for sharing hibachi, which means we can go more often. Service is always really friendly. Fantastic place and a must try if you live around Manhattan. 
