Umi Grill
Rating: 5
Text: Come here about once every couple weeks with my friend. Always get fried gyoza and sushi. I recommend The Verve and The Crazy rolls(off menu sushi special rolls). About 18 bucks each but well worth it!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Excellently prepared sashimi and delightful other sushi and seafood dishes. Wine list is modest but adequate. No liquor, but beer and wine satisfy most tastes for alcohol.
Rating: 4
Text: The sushi was really good as was the seafood combination I got. Prices were comparable to other sushi places. The staff was extremely friendly and prompt.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent fish, the different aspects of various types of food were will done.  Tempura was light and just right.  The one thing I would like to see improved was the rice.  It wasn't flavored at all and just kind of there.
Rating: 3
Text: I saw this place while passing through on my way to visit a museum down the road. Anyway, to be honest if you come from a bigger city this place is a little disappointing. The quality of sushi is mid-range that doesn't live up to its price point, in my opinion. 

I ordered tempura udon which was a little bland normally there are spices on the side that you can add to this dish. I also ordered an ika salad but got tako instead so that made me question whether this establishment is authentic Japanese owned by Japanese people because tako means octopus. I mean it's close but it wasn't what I was expecting to get. I also ordered a spicy scallop roll but the scallops they used didn't seem fresh; the texture was a bit soft for my liking. 

Overall I give the vibe of this place a 5, the presentation of their dishes a 5 as well, the flavor a 3 and the price point a two. This place got really busy and the server Nicole was very very nice I was able to get a little bit of work done before I headed back and started my 6 hour drive home.

In conclusion if you're not a sushi snob, like I am, then you can come out here and hang out because it seems like a cool hip place to bring friends or date.
