Uncle Bill's Farm
Rating: 5
Text: Bill and Heidi have opened their HOME as a fun and SAFE place for families with younger children  to spend the day.  The rides and jump pads are specifically tailored for young children. The corn maze and tractor rides are for the enjoyment of all. I recommend going to anyone looking for a fun budget friendly way to spend the day. Just keep in mind you are not going to some big corporate farm you are going to someone's home and should treat it as such.
Rating: 3
Text: I was an annual visitor of the Carroll family for many years. I decided to take my  children to Uncle Bills Pumpkin Patch for the first time today hoping to relive those days. I was so thrilled to see that not a lot had changed since their childhood. Parking was easy, the front attendant was pleasant, the animals and activities were as awesome as ever, and the magic show mesmerized my little ones to my 22 year old son. Things were great until I got to close to the jump pillow. A employee was patrolling the premises like a hawk and continuously yelling at the children, both toddler up to teens. Every where you turned there she was, yelling. Imagine my lack of surprise when I was standing in line to get on tractor and witnessed her choking, yes choking, a fellow Mom whose children misbehaved by playing with a garden hose meant to water the mums. If that was not bad enough, she was screaming at the Mom to get her children out of there and she was calling the police. Well, the fellow Mom stayed until police arrived and interviews were being conducted when I left but the mom still had a red neck 30 minutes after the incident. As I was leaving I heard this employee asking Uncle Bill himself if he was going to bail her out of jail with a smile on her face. So, minus my children seeing a assault and having to listen to the lunatic employee yell at children, it could have been an awesome day. I did express my displeasure to the man operating the tractor since Uncle Bill was very busy and was told that she has a difficult job since visitors can be just so unruly. The only unruliness that I witnessed was that of the employee, the kids were being kids and trying to have a good time. Sad to say, I will not return.
Rating: 5
Text: Uncle Bill's pumpkin farm is an amazing fun environment. Heidi and Uncle Bill have done an amazing job. I have always gone there from when it was carols to uncle bills. All the staff is amazing very friendly. I would recommend to anyone. My boys love the cow train to the electric train and ofcource picking that just right pumpkin to bring home. Keep up the amazing work Bill and Heidi!!!!!!
Rating: 2
Text: I am a huge animal lover (and owner) , but I don't enjoy animals being around my food. I thought the employee I talked to was extremely rude & the prices are kind of high for what they have to offer.
Rating: 5
Text: Great Time!  I am kind of amazed at the bad reviews.  This is a great place!  It seems like one bad review is someone that owes them money one upset she has to pay admission and another quite obviously has been trouble or would not have been "Hawkishly" followed.  Half truths make for interesting reading I suppose.  They share their home.  Great time and a great place!
