Urban Chestnut Brewing Co
Rating: 5
Text: I just wanted to give a quick shout out to the folks at Urban Chestnut on Washington Blvd. We came in unannounced after my wedding ceremony (which took place next door) on 10/14/17 to cool down with a cold beer and snap a couple of quick photos before we headed on our way. We were surely in the way of the staff, but they remained positively friendly, working hard to get us all drinks in hand. They are my husband and my favorite brewery and we had the best time after our ceremony with our wedding party and family. Thank you Urban Chestnut for being so accommodating!
Rating: 4
Text: Great place for a quick lunch and a long beer.  Friendly bunch of guys.  Outdoor seating available and bean bag toss.  Limited free parking on site.  Meter parking on the street. Flagship beer is Zwickel.
Rating: 4
Text: Good beer!! Smelled like amazing grilled cheese was made there too!
Rating: 5
Text: Probably my favorite brews in the city.  Love the German food and beer hall style.
Rating: 3
Text: This Urban Chestnut is the best. Better than the other location in the "Gwove".

Much better, super swell outdoor biergarten. Just better.

Yet could be better. Much better. Using the same yeast as in the nasty Zwickel or Schnickelfritz for other beer that would offer up a better flavor using ale yeast, like that in American ales and IPAs would be best.

Yet 6$ for a 10-ounce pour of the Fantasyland or the STLIPA represents a considerable markup. Fantasyland West Coast IPA is 6.5% ABV. So, no reason for a snifter glass. The hops, while primarily flavoring, are pretty well cooked, or steeped, with both beer, if primarily for flavoring (not bittering).

With your capitol investments done, and mere recurring revenue from your canned, kegged, and in your tasting room, draught (tapped) products, do a service and drop your prices, or serve in normal-sized glasses.

Else, you get the name "Urban Fartnut" with each can of both the Zwickel and Schnickelfritz I open, as it smells like someone farted. Your use of that yeast is overdone, overused.

Or, we could say your brewer's complacency is not in the spirit of craft brew. We could call you an oversized Modern Brewery.
