Valentino's Grand Italian Buffet
Rating: 1
Text: The pudding tastes canned, the tomato dipping sauces for the garlic sticks literally taste like it came straight from a can.. the fruits also, canned. Although a lot of the pizza looks custom made and have custom flavors and the crust looks homemade, there's  ABSOLUTELY NO flavor to this food. The pasta and sauces looked so appetizing, and then NO flavor. I enjoyed the desert. The bread pudding was my favorite. On their sign it says that "valentino's famous for chicken". The chicken was the only main food that was good.. And they are actually the official pizza place for the Nebraska huskers. What a joke!!  I was VERY disappointed!!The staff was very nice, and genuine.
Rating: 1
Text: I believe that this was 1 of the worst experiences I've had at a Valentino's.  It was 6 pm (peak supper time) and the lettuce was wilted and brownish, the blue cheese dressing tasted like it was ranch with blue cheese crumbles tossed in (I hate ranch).The hot food was not hot or fresh. Our server was totally oblivious to the simple needs of any of her customers. 4 of us were seated, she brought enough plates for 2. My husband was completely done with his salad and the rest of us were 1/2 way done before we got our Drinks (water). Asked for more plates as we all were completely done with salads, got them 5 minutes later. The dessert bar was a total joke. The mini turn overs and cookies were damn near ice cold and no cones for the ice cream. Got a bowl of ice cream and went to grab a spoon and there were several obviously used spoons in the basket with the ones offered to choose from, I told another server about that situation and she proceeded to pick out the dirty ones instead of taking the whole contaminated basket of spoons to be washed. Our fabulous server come to refill our water (for the 1st time and we're eating dessert) starts apologizing to us for her poor service saying it's because she's having several "blonde moments tonight".  We are a table full of blondes...keep digging your hole little lady, keep digging.
Rating: 4
Text: Our server was great.  You could also order pizza as part of the buffet.  The have gluten free pizza.
Rating: 4
Text: We enjoy the food here. Our favorite is their speciality 3 sisters pizza. The buffet is sometimes not stocked with fresh items so you have  wait. They will make special request pizzas and bring them to your table. The staff is often hit or miss.  We have had especially attent servers to one who never came by our table after bringing our platez.
Rating: 2
Text: Food was ok at best. Most had been sitting on buffet a while. Service was good and place was clean. Probably will not go back again.
