Vaqueros Restaurant
Rating: 4
Text: Good service. Good food. Great presentation. IMHO, the food, though good, does not quite match the prices they’re charging.

I had the Carne Assad (about $16). Good, but the steak (sirloin) was cheap, thin, and lacking in flavor.
Rating: 2
Text: I have loved the El Vaquero chain throughout my time in Columbus. Since moving to Delaware and frequenting this location, I have been  disappointed in take out every time (8-9 take out orders) . I have been over charged multiple times and never made a deal of it. Tonight I called in an order and was told in 15 minutes it would be ready. I waited to show up until almost 30 minutes because I know their time is not always accurate and I didn't want to wait. I got there and realized my price was way off, and after looking at the notepad I saw that the order was written wrong. I corrected the cashier and she went back to get it together. 15 minutes later she brings me my food, which should have been the correct food. I didn't get the one meal at all, and the other was not made to special instructions. I told them both were wrong and 5 to 10 minutes later got the missing meal, not made to its special instructions and the same wrong meal. In conclusion I placed an order at 8 and didn't get to walk out until almost 9. I only give this 2 stars because I could eat most of the food and was hungry. I will not be going to this location again. 
Rating: 5
Text: Food is always delicious and the service is great.  Our regular server is absolutely delightful and charming with our two children.  It's a great family restaurant with authentic Mexican food for incredibly reasonable prices.  We go there at least twice a month!
Rating: 3
Text: Came highly recommended.  I enjoyed my tacos de barbacoa. The chips and salsa were good. A pretty typical Mexican restaurant that does things well, but not a standout place if you want to impress friends. Good food and prices, not a bad review at all. Just nothing extraordinary. 
Rating: 4
Text: Love the food, and service is normally pretty good, BUT, the times of operation online are NOT correct. Went in for lunch at 12:30 and they weren't open, when it said on the website that they opened at 11:00 am on saturdays.
