Via's Pizza & More
Rating: 1
Text: My wife and I tried eating here on two different occasions. The first time the pizza wasn't very good and the staff was just okay. 

We decided to give it another shot and went back a few months later when we ordered a pizza that had some garlic on it.  It was so garlicky that we couldn't eat it. We wound up throwing the whole pizza away. 

If we would have stayed in the restaurant to eat it I would have sent it back and left.
Rating: 1
Text: Awful. Expensive. Owned by a bigot. They close early, and the closing employees dodge and hide so you do not see them. It is always frigidly cold in there, and it echoes like an empty shed. About as quaint and comfy as one, too. Food is always burnt, and toppings are always sparse, on a good day. The food takes forever. Forever. Friend of mine was left off the schedule, because she is transgender, and new owner, Billy, didn't like that she was. She was told that "We are in a 'Christian' business directory, I'm afraid that you would offend them," and "I hired(he didn't hire her, the previous owner did) a male, not a female," and "What do I tell the parents of children whom ask questions?" From the same mouth, he told her that "You are the strongest employee I have." Is that the acceptance level you are okay with? I hope not. Besides, after hearing what she had to say about the "cleanliness" and "hygiene" in that place, you owe it to yourself to stay far, far away. Unless that is, you enjoy diarrhea.

If Google would let me give no stars, I would. Via's sucks a big one. Don't go. Please, I beg you, you deserve better, DO NOT GO. Seriously. It's awful.
Rating: 5
Text: I am eating here AGAIN right now.  I really like it here.  The food is good and the service is great.  They are always very friendly.  I think their calzone is awesome.
I am especially impressed tonight.  It is obviously short staffed, but the service is still great and the waitress,Brenda, is exceptionally friendly.
Rating: 4
Text: Awesome pizza and only area locally for true Chicago style deep dish pizza. Does take a while because of style of pizza. So call in carryout is better if you are in a hurry. Nice staff.
Rating: 1
Text: This is this first time in forever that I did not leave a tip. RUDE WAITRESS. Pizza was not even as good as Pizza Hut's. That's sad as this USED to Be a great Pizza place. We were hoping it had improved & was giving them another chance. Last time the waitress was kind at least. Today we got a witch with an attitude. Perhaps she was celebrating Halloween a day early.
