Vincenzo's
Rating: 4
Text: Great food. Staff was very attentive. Their  was constantly someone coming by our table, the owner even gave us a 10 second "hope you enjoy your meal" while looking at the table next to us. Which he spent a few minutes talking to as I'm assuming they are regulars. I understand greeting and making your regulars feel at home, but what about the newbies. He was even the one to reheat the food for that table. Regulars keep your doors open, but without the newbies their will not be any bread and butter to feed them. Just saying.
Rating: 2
Text: In short, if you're looking for high quality Italian food.. look elsewhere. My co-workers and I went to Vincenzo's for dinner while in Louisville. It's a beautiful building with very interesting history, but it's not a fine Italian restaurant. The food's quality and portion sizes did not at all match the very high prices. We left disappointed and still hungry.. 

Our waiter (who was also the bartender), was the only positive part of the experience. He was quite busy, but made an effort to talk to us and share some interesting stories and history of the building / area.
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent food. Friendly employees. Fancy schmancy. Lovely environment. So expensive. A friend won a raffle for 6 meals at Vincenzo's so we didn't pay.
Rating: 2
Text: Everything was excellent, even the owner personally checked in with us. They lose 3 stars for not taking my allergies seriously - when explained clearly. Their denial about ingredients, when asked to recheck with chef, caused allergic response. Luckily, it was not severe, since I didn't eat much. For this caliber of restaurant, this is entirely unacceptable. It was also difficult to retrieve my coat, as no attendant was in place. Otherwise, it is very nice. Although, it is a bit stuffy. Great for those who appreciate the appeal from an earlier time.
Rating: 5
Text: Veal Chop ..... fantastic
Fettuccini con Arugula ..... delicious 
Smoked Salmon ..... perfect 
Tiramisu ..... decadent 
Our waiter, Mark ..... charming...a true professional 
Vincenzo himself cleared our dinner plates!
Excellent, professional, personal customer service. 
So, so good
