Vinny Vanucchi's
Rating: 5
Text: The food was delicious and the ambience was romantic and relaxing. The restaurant was nicely decorated without being pretentious. My entree was delicious, but the garlic bread served before the meal was the best I've ever had. Most of the entrees were affordable. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for a nice dinner spot in Galena. 
Rating: 4
Text: My 3rd time going back to Historic breathtaking Galena and This Italian restaurant is wonderful. Went here for Lunch on Labor day with my mother and I must say Quality of food is a "Bull's Eye" and hits the spot! Calamari was cooked just right. NOT too much batter like some Italian places. The Seafood Fettuccine was fresh and not just right portion wise but it's quality over quantity. The seafood f My server Megan was good at recommending these dishes next to St Michael Resi white wine. Salads we're also fresh but the garlic bread was a bit too oily. That was the only critique of one of the dishes the garlic bread. Other than that a must go to and try when coming to Galena. Will not disappoint you or whoever your companions are.
Rating: 5
Text: Loved this place! The best shrimp scampi ever and I eat out a lot. To bad we live in California. Why this place gets 3.5 stars is beyond me. Cute place to eat, has 3 levels and an outside patio. Friendly staff.  We all enjoyed our meals and experience here.
Rating: 3
Text: My mom and I visited last week for lunch. She ordered the special, which was ravioli with spinach and a white sauce, and I ordered the pasta primavera. We had a wonderful, friendly waiter. He brought out bread and salad to start, and the salad was really good. My meal was a little bland. My mom ordered a side of red sauce for hers and it was amazing with the red/white sauce combo! We did think the restaurant wasn't very clean. There was hair hanging off grape vines on the wall and the chairs looked like they had never been cleaned and the upholstery was coming off them. Overall, if they did a deep clean of the whole restaurant and spiced up their white sauce we would probably go back.
Rating: 5
Text: My friend had suggested this place, but I was skeptical because not all Italian food is made the same ... Let me tell you, this place is for real the best Italian food I've had in Illinois, hands down!  You need to go here and have all your favorites.  I had the chicken parm and it was fantastic, the portions are incredible, literally two meals in one.  My other friend had the Baked Seafood pasta dish, which she let me try and it was also a winner!  The service was great, attentive, friendly and most importantly --fast!  We will be stopping here next time we're in Galena.
