Vinoklet Winery
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I absolutely love coming to Vinoklet.  The wine is great, I don’t get a headache with this wine like I do with other wines.  I usually have to purchase expensive imported European wines to avoid the headache so this is a nice treat to find a local Ohio wine that offers a home grown appeal with the old world charm and fermentation.  The restaurant is eclectic and cozy, makes you feel like you are at a good friends house and they have envied you in for an evening with friends.  The food is simple but good and I recommend Vinoklet to anyone that wants to try good local wine (it’s on the sweet side, so if you like dry reds there are a couple you should like, but if you like semi-sweet and sweet then there are a bunch you should like).  Friendly staff, gorgeous setting, good food, and good wine at a good price.
Rating: 2
Text: Never go there for dinner.  If your seated upstairs the lights from downstairs glare your eyes and no one can see.  Server didn't bring us water and never came back after seating us.  We had to keep going to bar just to get water, which is very slow.   Was very confusing what to do.  Waiting in line to get ticket to get food, took 20 minutes with just two couples ahead of us.  They were doing additional wine tastings so you just stand there.  Then you make your own food, novel, but there were barely any spices to use.  The 'unlimited salad and buffet with it only had a very few items.  Very very disappointed for the price.  Wine tasting is fun, but other than that, pretty bad experience.
Rating: 5
Text: A friend and I visited Vinkolet Winery yesterday for their Wine and Art festival. We got to try 11 different wines for only $10 which I thought was a great deal. Their wines range from dry to sweet. I definitely preferred their sweeter blends, they have a blackberry and blueberry blend which are fantastic! During our visit we were able to stroll through the vineyard, take some pictures of the atmosphere, it was very pleasant. I will definitely be back to buy a bottle and try out the restaurant! 
Rating: 5
Text: Great views! We enjoyed the wine tasting and all the sights- including the walk inside large wine cask.
Rating: 2
Text: Ah, Vinoklet. The views are stunning, with vineyards on rolling hills and a gazebos, vined arches, and meticulous landscaping. The problems do not begin until you are inside the dining area.
Our reservations were made on-line on our way, but they could not find us. Instead of looking in the computer, which sits on the cluttered office desk IN THE DINING AREA, to the left of the bar. They looked in two separate notebooks before advising us we do not have reservations. 
We had a taster of all the wines, most of which were unpalatable. We were told the coals were too far along for us to grill pur steaks, so after asking, I went and looked at the grill. That was utter nonsense. The salad bar area looked like a relic from an early 1990s Pizza Hut. The decor of the dining room was cluttered and confusing. We ended up having some wine and leaving. If they didn't want us to dine there, that is fine. 
We were there during the Arts and Wine festival, so maybe the dining area was not prepared. That would habe no bearing on my assessment of the dining area. 
The views are absolutely beautiful.
