Virginia Coney Island
Rating: 4
Text: This is a historic location and a key stop on any survey of Coney Island diners in the USA. This store sells the Jackson Michigan style of Coney Dog in which the "sauce" is actually a crumbly dry ground meat rather than a liquid tomato-rich sauce. The same style of Coney can be found in other locations in Jackson as well as in locations in Flint Michigan. The "sauce" has the consistency of very finely ground beef but it's taste will tell you that it's not standard ground beef. The flavor is a little more robust, very meaty but not highly seasoned. A standard Coney here comes with a skinless Vienna style dog, the ground meat topping they call sauce, mustard and a heap of ground raw white onion. It is unlike Coneys in most other cities.

This store retains the charming 1940s diner atmosphere that it had the last time they remodeled. They serve a very good bean soup and a number of other good diner items like eggs and deep fried mushrooms. The place is usually bustling but the service is always fast and efficient.

They have a peanut butter and jelly sandwich on the menu. The prices are on the low side so you really can't go wrong here.
Rating: 4
Text: Cool old place. Decent food and prices. His ham steak breakfast was ginormous and my catfish was pretty good. Will come back when we have a chance. 
Rating: 5
Text: Nice old-school look. Great customer service.  Proper flattop burger made to order.  Good prices.  Dogs are beef and pork, so be aware not kosher or halal, but more than just a Coney Island joint.  Will come back to binge on coneys.
Rating: 5
Text: We didn't even need a moment to think about what we wanted, so we ordered.... when we deviated from our usual, the ladies behind the grill paused to make sure we didn't want our extra onions on our Conies...

See, we've been there only 5 times in the last 3 months, and they remember us to know what our usual is.  They're like that with everyone!

If ya want great service, AND the best Coney...Virginia's is the place you want!
Rating: 5
Text: I love Virginia Coney Island. Been going there since I was a child. They are the best
