Virtues Golf Club
Rating: 5
Text: Love this course! A group of friends comes to play it once or twice a year. Always in great condition to play. 

You’ll be challenged as a golfer, but enjoy the experience. Fall is my favorite time to play it. 

Stay left on hole #1!
Rating: 5
Text: A beautiful high-end public course that is always in tournament-like condition.  Most of the holes are pretty open off the tee, then they narrow as you approach the green.  A very fair test of golf when you play from the appropriate tees.  The views of the Licking River Valley are frequently stunning and not spoiled by houses/condos/etc.  Well worth the money, at least once.  Locals get an excellent deal.  Call them for details.
Rating: 5
Text: Played here earlier this summer, and it was excellent!  What a great value for the experience too; I hope the owners understand what a great attribute it is to have a great course that normal recreational golfers are willing to pay for.  As for the layout itself, it is both fun and challenging.  Lots of forced uneven lies (which I like for added interest) and the shapes and turns of the fairways were great (btw #8 might be the best par 4 I've ever played).  The conditioning was great too.  I have 2 minor critiques; it would be a very, very difficult walk and (somewhat related to that) I thought some of the elevation changes were a little too severe (you have no idea how far you might hit it).
Rating: 4
Text: After playing on our local public courses for years, playing at Virtues was like having to relearn playing golf. The fairways are like most greens I've played on locally, and the greens are super fast. It also plays a lot longer than it looks.

The "no carts on the fairway due to recent rain" rule slowed things down a bit, but I was okay with the extra time it took me to walk out to the ball in order to play on such a pristine course.

The only downside to this was a group two ahead of us which severely slowed play and caused a backup at every tee box. We waited behind another group on #3 for 15 minutes, as they were waiting to tee off due to the slow players in front of them. Every hole afterward, we would arrive at the tee box to the group ahead of us teeing off while the other group was just walking up to putt.

It took us 3 hours to finish the front 9 which was ridiculous and I didn't see a pace keeper the entire time. Overall time for 18 holes was just over 5 hours. We were the last group of the day, so we were literally putting on #18 in the dark. We anticipated finishing up around 8, not 9:15.

It was a challenging course which I donated several balls to, and I will definitely be back despite the 2 hour drive. The only reason I didn't give a 5 star review was due to the slow players in front that were seemingly unchecked, which got frustrating as it was getting dark.
Rating: 1
Text: I have a real problem with the operation of the course. We made a tee time by phone last week, and travelled from Cincinnati to play on 9/7. We find out after we are on the first green that aeration is going on. We payed full price. We weren't told by the person on the phone, the bag handler, the cashier, or the starter that aeration was going on - it seemed to be a big secret. Also, the putting green was in perfect shape. You can't tell me that this was all just an oversight. I spoke to another group just arriving and they also had no idea of the aeration. This is totally irresponsible on the part of the course. They must be very proud to have put one over on us.
