Wabash Inn
Rating: 3
Text: I visited this establishment on a Sunday around 11 a.m. for "brunch". My friend has visited this establishment MANY times and raved about their breakfast food and burgers-all of which checked out to be ass great as he described. Service was great. Environment was also great do teaser unique Designs. But for me personally all of that kind of got trumped by the fact that when I went to use the restroom facilities it was more than obvious someone had too much to drink the night prior and left it all over the toilets. I can understand this because it is a bar but I feel it should have been at least cleaned up by the time I got there the next day. I will visit this establishment again but the vomit in the toilets was super gross hence the 3 star rating.
Rating: 4
Text: Opening night at Wabash 2.0 is a hit! Well trained and eager to please staff. Super renovations, clean restrooms.  Owners on site working hard! We had excellent mixed drinks at a fair price. Had burgers that were as good as any bar fare we've had. Atmosphere was chatty and happy. Moberly's new and improved place to hang out.
Rating: 4
Text: Cajun burger was really good.  Pork burger with shrimp topped with Cajun seasoning.  It came together wonderfully and was delicious for lunch.
Rating: 5
Text: If you like a dive bar then this is your kinda place. I say that in the best way possible. We have drank and eaten here for many years and loved it. Food is always excellent with huge portions. They have a excellent selection of beer on tap and in bottles as well. Usually there is a beer and burger pairing that is different every month. Karaoke on Mondays and Trivia on Thursdays are a blast. In our opinion one of the better places in Moberly to visit for inexpensive food and drink. For my wife and I our tab rarely runs above $25 for a large lunch with a couple draft beers each. Highly, highly recommend.

Update: They have, since my first review, completely remodeled this bar. It is now, in my opinion, one of the best places to eat and drink in Moberly.
Rating: 5
Text: Went for the reopening after remodel. Love it! The place was full but not overcrowded and the setup is great. Drinks were affordable, service was good too.
