Waffle House Family Restaurants
Rating: 5
Text: This is the best waffle house I have ever dined. The food was very good, reasonable prices, and everyone was very friendly and attentive. The restaurant was clean including restrooms. They have great lunch and dinner specials. Tuesday night is Senior Night where it's half off for seniors so very busy then. Friday is seafood night with catfish and shrimp. Stopping here is a must. Open 24 hours and breakfast served anytime. Stop in and eat, you will be full before you finish your plate!
Rating: 5
Text: Every time we have been at this Waffle House we have been very pleased with the food and service!  I’m very HAPPY that we have been lucky enough to have Becky as our waitress!  She is absolutely wonderful!  Breakfast this morning was GREAT!  We will continue to eat there!
Rating: 4
Text: Good portions, great food, friendly service. I may have a warped perspective on hospitality being from Baltimore, but man was I impressed with how nice all the staff was when I drove through today. 

The tex-mex was excellent and served quick. I only didn't care for the coffee, although it did bring back good memories of scraping by on pennies in youth. 10/10 would come here just for the hospitality - food is a welcome bonus.
Rating: 1
Text: My experience at this particular waffle house was definitely horrific. First off the place she sat us at was uncomfortable. The waitress gave us horrible attitude. She charged us double for our food which was over $80. Not to mention the grill cheese had grey hairs. I told her she charged us wrong and instantly she began to yell at my family members. She threw not only the ticket for the foods but also our plates. The food wasn't worth all the commotion she caused. She scared my three kids and made my baby cry. If you're visiting I suggest any waffle house except this one.
Rating: 5
Text: Great breakfast with plenty of choices on the menu. I had the pork chop & egg breakfast, which was yummy. My family had other meals which included, pancakes, bacon, and biscuits and gravy. Everyone was satisfied. Very pleasant waitress, as well, plus lots of coffee refills. Reasonably priced, too!
