Westfield Old Orchard
Rating: 3
Text: Some nice stores here, you can get a lot of your holiday or gift shopping done here in one pass. Be sure to dress warmly in the Autumn to spring as it is an outside mall. In the summer it's a beautiful place just for walks there are area for kids to play in. A fish pond to relax near a fountain to sit at and many other small nuggets to be found in this mall.
Rating: 4
Text: Fantastic mall. A million options and really great with good weather since its mostly outdoors. Downside? Its an outdoor mall. Can be great and can be not so great. But overall one of my favorite malls ever.
Rating: 5
Text: Love this mall. Gap, Macy's, Nordstrom, Lucky Brand......Lucky without a doubt had the most knowledgeable & helpful employees. Not only do they really know their product, but also a lot about Chicago too. It made for a pleasant shopping experience!
Rating: 1
Text: Workers were rude to a lot of people including teens and young adults (with or without parents). They even tell people not to do something when no one was even close to doing it. I also heard that a group of three people was even called out by the one of the staff for doing something that isn't even possible and they were not even on the mall property. It would not be worth it to admire such rudeness while having to deal with massive and extensive crowds at the same time constantly.  I would generally say that this would actually deserve half a star.  In a department store like Macy's however, I did somehow manage to have an objective and attentive person help me out after long period of searching.  Thus on the department store side of the mall, I would probably give one full star would finally be deserved here.  This good thing could happen at least, but it will take a lot searching for that to happen.
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place. Accessible by bus or car, many store options to choose from.  Maggianos Little Italy has a buy one meal special get the other for free and to go. Nordstrom (if you have their credit card) will give you points on shopping and eventually you will earn a "note," for a discount on future purchases.
