Which Wich Superior Sandwiches
Rating: 4
Text: Good sandwiches. Lots of options. Place was clean. Employees were friendly and professional.
Rating: 1
Text: Expensive, slow, tasted okay for small portions
Rating: 5
Text: I love Which Wich!  I'm so glad they put one in Emporia!  This one is located inside a large gas station.  This place is our default stop on the way to and from Kansas City.  I've had several sandwiches from this location and all have been terrific.  My current favorite is the sausage, egg, and cheese.
Rating: 1
Text: Seems that every time I i try to get a sandwich there are massive service issues. 
Rating: 1
Text: Food was terrible. The bread on my french dip was so dry it crumbled before I could get it in my mouth. I only got less than half of the au jus worth (container was a third full) and had to ask for more to wash it down. Aluminum foil was strangely covering the au jus when we received it. But not tightly, just kind of overlaying it. Not in neat fashion, kinda sloppy in presentation. The second au jus wasn't covered at all. The philly my wife ordered was plain and had no seasoning or flavor she said. She said it was the worst philly she had ever had. My son ate only half of his 10.5" ham and cheese, and could not eat but less than half, left the rest, the american cheese tasted awful and cheap, the white bread spongy. Prices are a mystery until you get to the cashier. My jaw dropped. My order was nearly $50 for a family of four. $1.75 for a small drink is ridiculous. When ordering, you can't tell what is included for the price and what costs extra on the "wrapper" you write it down on. Deceptive. My first experience at a Which Wich ordering a Gyro in Westport, KC was much better and the food tasted fresh. It took quite a while to receive our order in Emporia. They called out our sandwiches one at a time and made us get up from the table four times to receive the four orders one at a time. Why couldn't they have just got them all ready at the same time and brought them over? We were the only ones there. It was obvious the sandwiches were ours. They only announced a personal name on one order and the rest we were called by sandwich title, yet our names were clearly written on the sandwich envelopes. Sandwiches are expensive at $8.50 each. Ordering system of marking envelopes lead us to believe a "combo" might have a discount like in other fast food restaurants, which is not the case.
