Whiskey Creek Wood Fire Grill
Rating: 5
Text: We eat at Whiskey Creek about 2x per week. The only reason I am giving this place 5 stars is because of the spunky little redhead behind the bar. She makes us smile and makes our visit such a delightful experience. If she ever quits, we will probably move on to another restaurant. I believe her name is Larissa
 Look for her. She " makes" the place for us!
Rating: 5
Text: Great apps. Half price apps and wings from 4-6 pm. The normal dinner food is pricey.
Rating: 1
Text: Traveling through Kansas with husband and sister-in-law. Stopped for night in Hays. Desk clerk at hotel recommended this place. Husband ordered steak medium rare. Got our salads and ate them. Steak (and our dinners) took a loooong time coming. His was well done. Had to send it back, and he NEVER complains. While waiting for the correct order, he ate his baked potato. Steak came, this time rare. He ate one bite and said it tasted funny. I tried it too, and it had a "lighter fluid" taste to it. Called waitress over and told her. Didn't eat any more. Two bites. So she was doing up our bill and was going to charge us. I said to her, "I hope we are not being charged for his meal." She had to get the manager. Manager came over and asked what was going on and we explained. She said "unfortunately, it looks like you ate a significant portion of the steak." I said are you KIDDING? We had two bites! Then she went on to say they had to charge us because he ate the sides!!! I flipped out and told her we were going back to the hotel and tell the desk clerk to stop recommending their establishment. She said she would give us "something" off. His dinner was $16.99. She took $20.00 off our bill, which was actually more than we had asked for. My issue was more her attitude and demeanor than anything else. She was rude and acted like we were lying and trying to get out of paying.

You would think in Kansas you would get a good steak. Their menu advertised "corn-fed", "wood-fired" grilling. All three of us agreed it was the worst steak we have ever had.
Rating: 2
Text: Slow and poor service.   After being promptly sat in a booth, the waiter ignored us for several long minutes.  And the place was not busy.  There was only a handful of tables full.   We finally received service after going up to the hostess and telling her we would like service.   The waiter was polite enough. However. My husband did not get a refill on his drink.  I had to ask for the bread.  The food however was very tasty,  the service left a bad taste in my mouth.
Rating: 2
Text: Consistently understaffed. Every time we've come here, we have had to wait a long time.   Good beer selection. No healthful choices except an seasonal summer berry salad which is amazing. Could use a few a few solid veggie options.
