Whistle Stop Restaurant and Monon Connection Museum
Rating: 5
Text: Stopped in this restaurant museum many times on my way down to Purdue University where my daughters attended... Of course being a retired engineer I made a point of stopping often..! It is right off the highway 421, where they have a lot of rolling stock out front, you can't miss it... The museum is a sleeper but when you take the $5 tour you soon realize this is an amazing private collection of railroading memorabilia..! Especially the chinaware and lanterns that are located up front.. Highly recommend this museum... The restaurant has overhead trains running through the dining room and the area has many interesting artifacts and I especially like the old calenders of the Pennsylvania railroad... Food is fine, typical diner style and they do have a salad bar and some great soups.. If you like railroading, you have to make a stop and see some railroad history and if you have the time take the tour...!
Rating: 3
Text: It looked like great food... but honestly our food was cold... all of it! I was so disappointed! Love the atmosphere of the place, kind of nostalgic with the trains! But the waitress was either tired or annoyed because it was close to closing and didn't really care about our table. She didn't come over very much to check on us and gave a pretty cold shoulder when she did and just seemed frazzled altogether a s was rushing us. I think her name was Terry. We just ate there this evening (8/3/2017). We will give it another shot sometime I'm sure,  but we'll wait a bit before we go back.
Rating: 5
Text: What a fantastic restaurant!!!!!! The food is great and the service is wonderful! I don't think we ever ran out of drinks! And, ice cream is served with every meal! Yummy! The trains and other historic displays make this a great environment as well! I don't think I can say enough good about this restaurant! Definitely recommend!
Rating: 3
Text: Food ok but overpriced for what it is. I was a little frustrated when I order Nacho's and it's actually chips and salsa. I won't waste 70 bucks there again!
Rating: 4
Text: I love trains, so I liked this place before I even walked in. The train memorabilia is great. The museum part was closed, but we could see some things outside of it anyway. Watching the trains go around the dining area was fun.

The food was good. Simple, but good. Our teenage boys devoured their food quickly with no complaints.

The service was good--timely if not necessarily friendly. Our waitress looked at us a little funny when we turned down ice cream. Now I see why--it's free according to these reviews. Wish I would have known.
