White Pines Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Family 2 night gathering of 15 utilizing 1 home and 2 cabins. Rained nearly the entire time, but family bonding was wonderful as were the accommodations. Enjoyed Sunday breakfast buffet at the lodge. Will do it again next year as we have done for many past years. The park never disappoints and employees have always been very gracious.
Rating: 5
Text: Great Location.. Completely out of the world experience... This place will definitely hijack your life from mundane life....

Had a family outing and every one enjoyed an experience in Old-Styled Cabins under thick forest... great walk trails.. 

Surprised to see such places around Illinois... Must to Visit...
Rating: 4
Text: Very good food & nice staff
Rating: 1
Text: ?Racist employees and owner ?11:30am 6/8/17

 We were traveling from far away over 2000 miles and decided to pick this restaurant over others. I have ate at this restaurant when I lived locally many times and never had any problems so I'm not sure if its new owner or what. It was a beautiful morning and we wanted to sit outside on their patio and eat breakfast. They told us we had to order to go if we wanted to eat outside, I asked to talk to a manager I was told there was none there. Next thing you know I told them that I will just leave and go somewhere else and a waitress comes outside and tells my family that this is not a policy and people have utilize the patio area for a meal before. So my first thought was discrimination. By the time we got to the car the owner suddenly appeared and remember I was told there wasn't even a manager available so I got lied to my face multiple times. When the so-called owner tried to address the problem I was not offered compensation for a meal or an apology so it leaves me to wonder why the owner even came out to meet with me in the first place. I have been in the restaurant industry my whole life, this is not how you handle a problem, why would you want to lose money verse make a little on discounted meal for a unhappy guest. They simply did not want my African-American families money so we did not give it to them.

Good luck running your establishment like that.

I would advise anyone of color to be aware of this establishment.

I would not recommend.
Rating: 4
Text: Ate breakfast buffet. Very fresh food... Not a lot of options. Main foods like scrambled eggs, bacon & sausage but fruit & donut selection was minimal. Great service and atmosphere.
