Wildfire
Rating: 3
Text: The atmosphere is chic, cozy and upscale.  The wait staff is very knowledgeable about the menu and for the portion sizes, the price is pretty commensurate.   The only reason I did not give more stars is because I asked for lettuce and tomato to not be put on my chicken sandwich, but I did want the ancho mayo that comes on it, and I asked to add bacon, all of which was confirmed by the waiter.  When I got the sandwich, there was nothing to it except for the chicken and the bread.   I did receive the ranch dressing as dip for my fries, which were awesome,  and the spinach salad was very tasty.   Overall. I had a decent first experience, and will probably be returning at some point.
Rating: 4
Text: Food, service, and atmosphere are all excellent. Only gave 4 stars because the booth I was in was really tight - I felt like the table was right up against me. Would recommend sitting at a table rather than a booth.
Rating: 5
Text: Loved sitting at the bar. In town on solo business trip and the staff was super friendly! Delicious food and great drink selection...as a bourbon guy,loved the Blanton and Eagle Rare offerings.
Rating: 3
Text: This is a place where you pay more for the atmosphere and presentation than for the food. 

The place looked nice, the recipes seemed well thought out, and the service was good, but they skimped on the ingredients. The baked goat cheese appetizer was mostly tomato sauce with pita, and the house salad only had a few bits of avocado on top even though it listed avocado as one of the first ingredients. The rest of the food tasted okay, but the food overall was definitely overpriced for the quality. Picture of house salad included.
Rating: 2
Text: Not what it used to be.  Wildfire used to be great.  But It's been going downhill recently.  The last 2 times have been a disappointment.  Slow service, they have cheapened the crusts, and burned (yes charred) on the outside and raw on the inside is not medium.  Wildfire used to be our favorite restaurant.  Went several times a year for many years for special occasions.  Don't plan to go back.
