Wilderness Ridge
Rating: 3
Text: For an upscale daily-fee course and such an extravagant clubhouse you'd sure expect more on the inside as it relates to customer service. I'm speaking to the golf side which is why this monstrosity exists in Lincoln Nebraska having been the brainchild of its most successful golf professional in Jim White.
I've worked at upscale daily-fee courses before (or semi-private as they referred to while I was living in Virginia) and I'm dumbfounded as to they bombed the design of this clubhouse as it pertains to golfers arriving. If you want a smooth, paved walk to the cart staging area you'll the middle of the farthest south end of the parking lot which is a trek given the design of the parking lot and its many islands. Otherwise you'll have to walk down uneven stone steps to get onto the path that bisects the clubhouse from the driving range....if you can locate the handrail the identifies their existence.
My biggest gripe is the service (or lack thereof) inside the proshop/F&B area. I can't tell you the number of times I felt like I was being an inconvenience to the young lady in the cafe next to the pro shop. A weekly crash course in customer service would benefit these folks immensely and even then they'd still need more help.
If you can somehow escape the dumpster fire inside with your senses (and dignity) intact then you'll be happy to find a golf course that's pretty nice. I will never complain about the golf course. It's fairly challenging and is ALWAYS in great shape. Some tricky little holes exist out there which make the golf itself worth the while in Lincoln.
But avoid as much contact as you can inside. They don't wanna talk to you either.
Rating: 3
Text: Beautiful facility, great views. We most recently attended a wedding reception and I  have been here for meetings in the past. Food for catered events is so/so. Meeting facilities are pretty good.
Rating: 5
Text: Super nice. Great course. Challenging 9 hole talon course. Beautiful. Just had an event there w poo uld do so again. Food was good and staff was friendly.
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful place, great food, but the menu is a bit too obscure.
Rating: 3
Text: Appetizer event, Mustard On Mystery Meat slider. Rest nondescript.
