Wildflower Café
Rating: 4
Text: Great farm to table restaurant! I love that you could see where the ingredients came from. Loved the atmosphere. Food was delicious! Price were a little high but definitely worth it. We will be back.
Rating: 1
Text: Love the quaint atmosphere and local sourcing but our experience was a complete miss. The food took a long time so we ordered bread, it was good but with those prices the bread should be included. Menu is very limited. 2 of us ordered filet and for the price we paid it should have come with a vegetable but only mashed potatoes were included. The steak was sliced and not Cooked medium as ordered. 2 of us ordered the chicken pot pie which was inedible. It was all heavy gravy and we tried to dig for chicken but there wasn’t much to find. When the server came to clear the table she noticed neither of us ate much and asked if we wanted it boxed up, we told her no that it was too much gravy and all she said was do you want dessert.  Definitely not $155 meal, we will not be back.
Rating: 5
Text: Delectable, gourmet and all locally sourced organic food and great drinks at good prices.  This family owned and operated cafe boasts amazing unique dishes, daily specials, and select beers,  wines and cocktails.  The food,  the flavors and the creative dishes are to die for and the staff are extremely knowledgeable and passionate about their family owned business.  This is a must visit. Make reservations in advance. Limited seating. The gem is in a rustic old home transformed into a hip and unique cafe with a nice outdoor patio. Enjoy! 
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic food, everyone at our table really enjoyed their meal. Food took awhile, but they say to expect that on the menu and we were in the mood for a nice. long lunch. The Ohio filet was "the best meat I've had in as long as I can remember" to quote my mother, would strongly recommend popping in for a nice Saturday/Sunday meal.
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic farm to table food and service!  Highly recommend this little gem
