Wildfire Glenview
Rating: 3
Text: Food is better than average, although over-salted. Service could be better. Staff was pleasant but for an upscale restaurant, wait staff lacked sharpness. We had to ask several times to get them to explain our bill when we used a gift card. Shouldn’t have to flag people down when it all should have been explained to us when the bill was delivered. Took a manager to finally straighten things out.
Rating: 5
Text: They have the freshest shrimp cocktail I have ever tasted.  The London broiled swordfish is outstanding and fresh.  The steaks are excellent and the filet mignons trio are one of my favorites.  Portions are large and the drink flights are great for sampling.  The staff our very nice.  I adore this restaurant!
Rating: 5
Text: The wait people are very well trained. Gentle, helpful and discreet. The bison steak was cooked to perfection. The dessert choices are all on the over-sweet and over-large side, like they generally are in this country, but fortunately they allow you to get half orders.
Rating: 4
Text: ** UPDATE **  A class act!  We received a very nice call from a concerned manager, eager to make things right and to make sure we have a better experience on our next visit -- we will be back!  And, we appreciate that they took responsibility and are committed to the excellent service that is the Wildfire norm.

Avoid the Sunday afternoon, 2:30 rush!  While on other occasions I might agree with some of the raves about the service - today was not that day and I hope not a sign of things to come. After waiting a full 10 min alone in the lobby searching for our host, it was a good 15 min more before our order was taken (though they did pour our water during that time) and that was AFTER they tried to serve us someone else's order.  (They were servicing 10 other tables in a mostly vacant restaurant, after all.)  Once we have our order, we had to flag someone down for the bread we were promised. And, when the food arrived?  You guessed it - part of the order was wrong and the waiter actually tried to convince us it was what we ordered. My girls (4 & 6) each ordered the "macaroni and meatballs" which is right next to "macaroni & cheese" on the kids' menu.  Expecting to get the meaty classic pasta with red sauce, we instead got the latter.  They were nice enough to comp the kids meals, however, after realizing that they poorly re-wrote the menu and replaced "spaghetti" with "macaroni" and this lead to the waiter's confusion.  Overall, this visit was not the service you'd expect from a place where the cheapest menu item is a $15 chicken sandwich with fries....
Rating: 5
Text: What was originally a reservation for two to celebrate my husband's birthday became a reservation for 12 at the last minute. I called and spoke to the manager, Carmelo, who was amazing. He was incredibly professional, and very accommodating. He was able to change the reservation and even apologized as we might have to wait 10 or 15 minutes to be seated (Um, I just upped the reservation by TEN people! I think we can wait a few minutes.) The food, as always, was delicious and the service was wonderful. I highly recommend this restaurant and big thanks to Carmelo!
