Willie's Sports Cafe - Bar - Steaks - Wings - Seafood - Burgers - Craft Beer - Catering
Rating: 5
Text: Monday through Friday for years now the front page of their menu is half price from one pm until six pm. The front page is all appetizers and wings. The service has always been excellent and the food is always hot and correct when it comes out. The place itself has a nice layout and includes a multi tiered out door dining/drink beer and chill deck. The upper level of which is covered if you'd rather sit in the shade outdoors. There is also a nice view from the deck or the windows indoors as this place sits on a hill overlooking a lake. Just an enjoyable place to visit overall.
Rating: 5
Text: I am so glad we came. Food was delicious and the service was great. We will be back. The grouper was so good. The view of the lake was good too.
Rating: 5
Text: Atmosphere is fun, especially in the summer when you can sit outside on the deck. I enjoy the food and the staff is friendly.
Rating: 2
Text: I am a long time resident of Hidden Valley Lake.  This past year I have watched this restraurant steadily decline.  The service has slowed.  The cleanliness is gone.  It's like the owner has lost his pride or the Hidden Valley lake management is not doing its job.  Weeds growning in the volleyball court, cigarette butts all over the landscaping with weeds....  It's a real shame as this place is the social center of our community.  Many great times have been had here.  The bartenders are a great.  But unless you live in Hidden Valley Lake there is nothing special about this place anymore.
Rating: 1
Text: Just left Willies @Hidden Valley Lake, Lawrenceburg, IN....for the last time. As always, service was extremely slow...our table of 6 waited more than 45 minutes for our food, which was cold when it finally arrived. I had the shrimp basket, which I would never recommend to anyone.it's really just bar "JUNK" food..nothing to get at all excited about and there does not seem to be an actual chef, or an adult manager. Not real clean place either.
I won't be going back ever.
.
