Winking Lizard
Rating: 5
Text: Best experience my hubby and I have ever had dining out. Victoria, a.k.a. Pixie was our waitress and she was the reason for the enjoyable experience. She was super nice, super helpful and beyond patient. She also likes Bob's Burgers like I do (even bigger bonus!) Definitely will come back. Thank you for the excellent service! You're the greatest, Victoria!
Rating: 5
Text: This is the second time I came here. This place is AMAZING both times servers were amazing food is amazing and extremely reasonable prices! Also I go out to eat often and I almost get a burger everywhere I go but for sure when I say this I mean it: BEST BURGERS EVER!!!  
Rating: 2
Text: I have been going to the Winking Lizard chain for over 25 years. Love the food and drinks. It just seems the last year or so that the staff and service at the Brunswick location are going down hill. This is not a knock on the franchise over all. This restaurant chain is just awesome. This specific. Location. Needs some help.
Rating: 1
Text: This winking lizard had been going downhill for some time now.   Two weeks ago I had Cajun wings that barely had any dry rub. Last week I got a burger that was so greasy the buns were soggy.   And finally, today I ordered a gyro and I don't know what I got.   Inside the pita were five strips of meat that look nothing like gyro meat nor did they taste like gyro meat.   I went back to the restaurant or the manager explain to me that I am wrong and that is how gyros look.   Take a look at the picture and decide for yourself if that looks like what a gyro is supposed to look like.   I'm usually very forgiving about mistakes at restaurants but I can't go to this one anymore
Rating: 3
Text: Friendly staff. Love the new skinny dipper boneless chicken options. Visit with my friend for the drink of the month & glass. Wish it wasn't so dark & gloomy on inside. I continue to struggle why the high top seating is enclosed in a glass section (like the lizards).  I wish they offered more healthy options, as that is one of the reason I don't frequent there as often.
