Winslow's Home
Rating: 5
Text: Love the atmosphere! Cute home goods and decor along the walls you can purchase and you order at the register and everything you need at the table so no need to deal with servers. Always clean, never a long wait, super fresh and seasonal menu items! I always like at least 3 things out of the about 7-8 options at any given time.
Rating: 5
Text: Wow,  I was told the food was incredible and it was an understatement.  Had the baked ricotta for an appetizer.  Not sure what was better,  the cheese with roasted garlic and whole grain mustard or the toasted bread. The perfectly toasted whole grain bread provided the perfect crunch,  the sweet garlic and cheese,  and a slight tang from the mustard combined into the perfect bite of savory goodness.

I ordered the brisket sandwich which combines perfectly succulent brisket with brie cheese.  My daughter ordered mushrooms and grits which is an awesome vegetarian dish that combines grits made with tangy goat cheese and mushrooms baked in a packet with rosemary butter and I think sage.  My wife got the turkey burger with smoked bacon.  In short,  everything was great. 
Rating: 4
Text: Definitely a great place to be! Farm-fresh ingredients and a cool atmosphere. Get everything from breakfast and brunch to coffee and desserts. Great place to meet with friends.
Rating: 5
Text: Really nice place for breakfast and brunch, the place has this great vibe, kinda hipster maybe. But I like it a lot. Well decorated. Got there around 1pm so I had the Mocha (iced) and the burger. The coffee was good, nothing super special. But the burger was really good!, every ingredient was correctly cooked, so good. Also the fries were tasty too. 

Everyone was nice and friendly. Great services. I can see myself going back, no doubts. Totally recommended. 
Rating: 4
Text: Fantastic chocolate chip cookies!  

This place is a great place to have lunch bring a friend sit down have a great cup of coffee and just catch-up.

 Friendly atmosphere ,friendly staff can't go wrong with this place.
