Wobbly Boots Roadhouse
Rating: 1
Text: Service was fine. Food was not. Was not that busy for lunch, average to plus time to get food. Sweet potato fries were just from a frozen bag and they were cold when they came out. Burnt ends were terrible, no flavor, no season, dry, pretty sure they were all boil cooked, no smoke flavor at all and had a beer bbq sauce that just made it worse. Not even close to being worth the price.
Rating: 5
Text: We have a wonderful experience every time we visit here, and it keeps getting better! We come here once or twice a year on vacation, and it is consistently great. Our most recent visit here in July 2017 was the best yet, excellent food and peerless service! Absolutely no complaints! The decor is perfect for the roadhouse feel, and the staff members are super friendly and accommodating. 
Rating: 5
Text: One of my favorite restaurants at the Lake! Food is always good here. I recommend the loaded baked potato with cheddar, sour cream, green onions, and pull pork! The onion rings and Cesar salad are great too! Always crowded with a 30 minutes wait or longer, but definitely worth it! Very family friendly causal dinning. 
Rating: 3
Text: Attractive building, large selection on the menu (good prices), friendly staff, quick service and LOTS of seating available. Very noisy, made conversation difficult. Ordered the pulled pork on a bun. The meat was  very tender but lacked any real flavor. The bbq sauce also lacked flavor and was very watery. If I give it another try, I will order a specialty burger instead.
Rating: 4
Text: First time here with friends, pleasantly surprised by how efficient and professionally the business is run. We were there about 2 pm this afternoon and the place was packed. We were greeted immediately after waiting about 15 minutes for a seat and our drink order was taken and returned quickly. 
We order an app of curly fries with cheese sauce, a teeny amount of bacon and a half order was more than enough for three people. 
One of the girls ordered a turkey bacon wrap and macaroni and cheese, she gave it an A+. My friend and I ordered and split, the big mixed appetizer plate for $19.99 and it was interesting. I also ordered a side of mac and cheese for $1.99 and it was def A+++! 
The plate has a variety of items, we asked for the chicken wings with the original sauce (too spicy, not for kids) shrimp wrapped in bacon (shrimp was good, bacon was under cooked) ribs (tasty but skimpy as heck on the meat) huge, crispy onion rings which were good but would've been better if they had been fresh out of the fryer. 
Our server was on point, she refilled our drinks often, asked us if we wanted to split the check (and she did so happily) and brought us our check and boxes for leftovers pretty quick. 
The music is good but not too loud, lots of tv monitors, happy, energetic vibe, a good place for families and all ages. We'll be back.
