Wolf's Bar-B-Q, Inc.
Rating: 2
Text: Lunch buffet is decent but over priced in my opinion. Carryout is terribly inconsistent. This is usually due to the lousy work ethic of the people working back there. Calling ahead for pickup is useless. You'll still show up 30 minutes later to find nothing put together. We returned carryout last week due to poor quality - 2 pounds of brisket was nothing but chunks of fat and a burned end cap. Again, carryout team takes no pride in their work. There are better options for bbq.
Rating: 4
Text: Wolf's is THE place we have to go when make our visits to E'Ville. I like the BBQ chicken because it is the right amount (white 1/4) for me. Used to love their ribs. Wife had baby back ribs and she said they were GREAT. Son had brisket was satisfied. Get the potato salad they have in the take out area. That was good. At this visit the slaw wasn't as tasty as it was in the past. We prefer the menu items.
Pies: Lemon - mmmmmm. Coconut - wife liked. 
I'll go back. If you want good BBQ sauce they have for purchase to take home. It comes back to FL w/us often.
Rating: 1
Text: Crazy. So you have predominantly elderly clientele that frequents this place, but upon entering there are 2 people at the hostess counter. Neither of these ladies were busy but were not  capable of taking my order...I was told I would have to walk up to the second floor to place a to-go order...im only in my 40s but with a fractured foot I wasnt going to trek up stairs,  so I asked if I could just call in my order. Sure I could and found out the hostess didn't know the phone number to the establishment, but I was still going to have to go upstairs to GET my order. So again, CRAZY. They might have ok food but sense I left I couldn't say. I would highly recommend for ease and just improved customer service that they rethink their to-go process.
Rating: 3
Text: Need to freshen up buffet. Add some desserts. Could be better. Used to be the bomb.
Rating: 5
Text: Good food for a good price and our waitress Marilyn was great
