Woodfire Grill
Rating: 5
Text: We come here when we want a truly fantastic meal. You most definitely get what you pay for. If you want a quality meal served by the most polite staff in the Quad Cities, come here. Almost every Friday during the Summer and Fall there is live music which is wonderful to listen to outside on the patio. It's worth it to come early and get a nice seat. Best place for dinner downtown by far.
Rating: 5
Text: Without a doubt this is THE place to eat in Davenport.  1.  Quality...get the Iowa corn chowder..you'll see what I'm talking about.  2.  Quantity...try on the seafood fondue for size!  3.  Atmosphere...you have see to believe!  4.  Service...the wait staff were supremely knowledgeable, courteous, helpful and attentive.  5.  Price..we were totally blown away by how reasonable the prices were especially considering all the above.  An amazing 8oz ribeye, the tastiest mashed potatoes and perfectly grilled zucchini for $18....think about this...you can spend up to $11 for a large size fast junk food meal.  Treat yourself to a nice dinner, enjoy your life, and I'll see you at Woodfire!
Rating: 2
Text: Service is terrible. Food is excellent. Prices are great. We waited over 10 minutes after being sat to get service. Outside patio was packed but inside had three tables. Once we got service, it took everything from our drinks to meals to clearing our empty plates, way too long. After we finished eating, we sat and talked. They never filled our waters or drinks. We waited 25 minutes and finally left. We had every intention of getting desserts. We had only 6 people in our party, therefore there was no reason for inability to be timely and friendly. I would give them one more chance because the food was great. 
Rating: 1
Text: Homecoming dinner reservations for my daughter and  7 other 15 yr old kids Saturday night. Waited 30 min for salad to arrive. Meals never came... ran out of CHEESE and several other main menu items apparently. How does that happen?  Had to cancel order and go to dance starving. Weak and inexcusable. I've had one other experience where I've walked out of this place and you have to really be bad for me to do that.
Rating: 2
Text: Good food, but the few times we tried going here for lunch it was at least a 2-hour ordeal to be seated, order, eat, and pay the check.
