Wood Fire Trattoria
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent food! Everything was very good from the minestrone soup to the pizza, to the Cajun pasta special they had tonight. The atmosphere was really enjoyable and relaxing. This is a local restaurant with a great chef. While the entrees weren't inexpensive, we've been to other local restaurants in South Bend that aren't as nice that will easily cost you as much or more. Large craft beer selection on tap too (wine as well if that's your preference).
Rating: 5
Text: We had steak and the pasta and everything was excellent. The prime rib special was huge, we all chipped in to eat it. The decor was really cool with a canoe hanging from the ceiling. The service was excellent, very attentive and very fast. 
Rating: 1
Text: The food was bad the waitress was bad not a good place
Rating: 5
Text: The food is great, atmosphere is nice, wait staff is very good with customers. 

It's hard to believe that we have such a high level fine dining restaurant like Wood Fire in our rural area. 
Rating: 2
Text: Food was very good, but service took a negative turn at the end. Waitress offered to split an entree into two plates cause a friend and I wanted to try each other's food. We got our bill and they changed us $4 EVEN THOUGH SHE OFFERED! She refused to take off the charge even though we continued to ask about it.
Then she did not take a gift certificate off our bill and now we have to watch our bank account to ensure we were not double charged.
Spoke with the manager on our way out and she said the server never came to ask if she could take the split charge off. She noted that she would have simply removed it. No one cared!!! 
Don't know that we will go back again even though the food was very good. The poor service at the end and the sheer fact the waitress and manager did not care at all ruined it. Cannot recommend this place due to the service level, which is a pitty cause they have a good chef. The chef is the only reason I did not give this review 1 star.
