Wyndham Garden Hotel Cross Lanes Charleston WV
Rating: 5
Text: Pretty sure this hotel has a nearly impossible to beat value. Definitely the best hotel I have stayed at for under $100/night. The breakfast was much better than the usual free hotel breakfast, normally I ignore the free breakfasts because they’re terrible, but I actually really liked this one. 

Bed’s were very comfortable, room was a good size, location was perfect. Pool/hot tub area was very nice, not over-powering chlorine like many hotels.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff was amazing, each and everyone had smiles and treated me with dignity and respect. The breakfast buffet was typical but a notch or two above average. The only negative is the location. If you get a room on the north side you hear road noise all night as interstate 64 is only a hundred feet or so away. If you can get a room on the south side, it's very quiet and enjoyable. Also, stay away from the ice makers.
Rating: 4
Text: It's a fine hotel. Great location, plenty of parking friendly staff and large open rooms. I only have 2 complaints and they're minor. 1) the keys are terrible. They demagmetize when you look at them funny and constantly trudging to the front desk to get them remade is a bit of a chore. However the staff is aware of the issue and remakes the keys without question so again, minor complaint. 2) the beds aren't the greatest, the mattresses are either old or extremely cheap and both of the beds in my room have given me a sore back in the morning. This isn't a huge issue because it's a similar problem almost every hotel faces and whole uncomfortable first thing the morning, trying another hotel wouldn't neccesarily solve the problem. Overall I'd say 4/5 stars. With my only 2 problems, there's isn't any reason I'd stay somewhere else if I was in town
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were clean and cozy. Front desk staff was friendly and attentive. The breakfast how ever was a whole other thing. Food was cold and no matter what you do, its hard to put taste in powered eggs.
Rating: 5
Text: Was the best hotel experience I have had. The front desk was able to accommodate my early check in. The in door Pool and hot tube was a treat, my son loved it! They also had a restaurant and bar in the hotel as well
