Yard House
Rating: 5
Text: We loved this place just after we passed the front unwelcome ladies, they had such an attitude and they mess up with the wait list. Beside that, our waitress was very friendly, informative and patient. We really loved French onion and Clam chowder soups!!! (I actually have my own recipe and I tried authentic recipes of this soups before, I'm telling, those were very, very, good). I a tuna seared sandwich, which was delicious, with ruffle fries, delicious. My husband had a sort of pork burger w sweet potatoes fries, he loved it. We will definitely return! ????
Rating: 3
Text: The food was wonderful, as always, but the service was incredibly slow.  There was about a 20 minute wait, even though there were several empty tables. I think they were very understaffed. The wait staff was very nice, but they seemed to only be able to bring out one beer at at time...we had four people in our party... and our appetizer came to us a couple of minutes AFTER the entrees.
Rating: 4
Text: It was good enough for a second try. The waiter was great but the salad came out with croutons even though the person I was with ordered off the gloutin free venue. They directed it right away with no issue so no big deal. My food was good but nothing special. I will try something different not time and hopefully upgrade my rating to 5 stars.
Rating: 5
Text: Service is always phenomenal. And the food is always excellent. I Never mind paying the high prices cuz everything was great. Eat here every time I'm in town it's one of my favorites. Spicy jambalaya with noodles is out of this world.
Rating: 1
Text: Rough experience here.

Don't know if it's just because it was a busy Monday but the place was a mess. Bathrooms were gross, took forever to get seated, took forever to get food and took forever for our waitress to notice us when we repeatedly tried to get her attention. 

I ordered a burger and when it came out, blood was seeping out of it even though there was a stick in the burger stating it was "medium well." In fact, my fries got to soak up most of the blood. 

Took awhile to get anybody to notice we needed service and once I requested a new burger was told that "it would take a long time" for them to get me a new one. Well..... yeah I need a new one, the burger was raw. I couldn't eat it. So by the time the "new" burger arrived everyone had finished and was ready to go so I asked if it could be put in a box. When the burger arrived it wasn't in the box and when I asked the lady, she seemed confused but willing to do it for me. By that time the original waitress had stopped by and wasn't even aware of my situation. These people don't seem to talk to each other.

An okay place, if you like overpaying for food you could make yourself at home much faster.
