zhang 's
Rating: 4
Text: Best General Tso's Chicken I've had in awhile.  Yes, sometimes it's a bit slower, but I believe their food is pretty darn fresh.  Eggs are pretty darn good as well!
Rating: 1
Text: No sauce for anything.  No  sweet and sour sauce or hot mustard for the crunchy things. No soy sauce for the rice. My hot and sour soup had no meat and about 20 different veggies which leads me to believe they just threw in whatever they had. Last thing I got Mongolian beef; also awful very little flavor and just bad (tons of onions not much beef). We won't be back and you should skip it too. I was highly disappointed, seems like good reviews.
Rating: 1
Text: Was really looking forward to ordering from this establishment. 

I was told by the nurses at Madonna Hospital that Zahngs was the best Asian delivery around and that they had ordered from them several times.

I called both locations, the first one on Yankee Hill Rd said they had no time to do any delivery orders, the other on Coddington said they could deliver, but needed a $29 min order. Sdo I added to my order since I only had a $23 order. Then after going through all the order process I am told no, they won't deliver because its 17 miles away but on Google maps it's it only a 5 mile delivery.

I'm very disipointed in both Zahngs locations for first advertising delivery hours until 9pm. Then when I try to order at 6pm one location says they dont have time for me,  the other says I'm too far away when it's only a 10 to 12 min drive.

I'm in a hospital so I cannot leave to get the order myself. Very unhappy, and doubt I will ever know if Zahngs is as good as they claim. 

I am just glad I did not place my order using their online order service. I would then be stuck with no food, and have to try and track someone down for a refund.
Rating: 5
Text: Zhang's, along with Ming's, are my go to places for excellent Chinese take-pot. I recommend the General Tso chicken and the crab rangoon. Good size portions.
Rating: 2
Text: I was excited to try this place. I ordered at lunch time, it was moderately busy but they had quite a few people on staff. I ordered sweet and sour chicken with fried rice, wonton soup, and hot and sour soup. The wonton soup was actually pretty good, which is why I am giving Zhangs 2 stars. Unfortunately, the sweet and sour chicken didn't come with any sweet and sour sauce, not on the side or on the chicken whatsoever. So, I had to drive all the way back to receive the sauce. By the time I got home the food was cold. The taste wasn't awful, definitely not the best Chinese in Lincoln. Hot and sour soup was terrible. I love hot and sour soup, but this had a syrupy consistency and was really bland. Reasonable pricing if you want something quick and cheap for lunch, but would not go here for great service/food.
