Zia's Restaurant and Catering
Rating: 5
Text: We went in blind not knowing anything about this restaurant and we were very impressed. We arrive about 530 which was perfect timing. We did not have to wait to be seated and each course cane out in a timely manner. Steven was our server and he was very confident with the menu and overall a wonderful server. My water glass was never empty. There was another gentleman that refilled our drinks and even bagged our foods. Not your average Italian. Prices weren't bad at all. I split an appetizer and got a chicken entree including side pasta and salad with bread. $22.  Will definitely be returning!
Rating: 5
Text: I love this place. Wonderfully made pasta. This time around I had artichoke ravioli. Our waiter was very attentive and friendly. Their  tiramisu was great (they use Kahlua) and I really like the dressing on their house salad
Rating: 4
Text: Food: Marinara sauce was too sweet and had too much oregano. This is not fancy Italian food, but it is pretty good. A local take on some Italian regional classics with some new improvisation dishes. Clean and tasty, not first rate, and not pretending to be.

Service: Attentive and friendly

Atmosphere: Outside is a pleasure to seat and eat when the weather is good. Inside is a great Italy family eatery vibe. Very busy.
Rating: 3
Text: Let me start by saying that the food was very good and Karen, our server, was excellent and accommodating. But parents, please read before you go.

The reason you got a 3 in my book was the attitude. My party had 2 adults and a toddler and we were seated in the back with the other families. Upon sitting at the table, my daughter proceeded to throw a tantrum for a few minutes but finally settled in and was good the remainder of our time there. A neighboring table or two did not want to sit next to us. I know not everyone wants to sit next to unpredictable kids; however a staff member (unsure whether hostess or management) came over to the now empty table and got very loud over tables leaving over screaming children. Now I understand you were frustrated, but you were extremely rude standing right next to us and talking about us as if we were also not paying customers. If you aren't open to children being there, don't seat us in general. 

So parents, unless your children are good 100% of the time, I don't know if I would risk it. If there are no kids in your party, go for it.
Rating: 1
Text: I am interested in hiring Zia's to cater a business luncheon, but no one seems to want to answer their phone (I've called during business hours and after in hopes of leaving a message).  I've also reached out via email to no avail.  Wondering if they are still in business. Is anyone else experiencing similar issues??????  Might have to consider other options if I don't hear back from them soon.
