Zia's
Rating: 1
Text: Zia's was our  restaurant of choice for over a decade.  We went there with out of town guests, for birthday, anniversary and engagement celebrations, etc.  The food and service have never disappointed...until last time.  Service was HORRIBLE (more than slow...virtually non-existent) and when we tried to tell our server about problems with the food, both a salad and an entree, she just made excuses and walked away.  Attempted to discuss all of this with our server, who just argued with us.  Sadly, I have let them know about this incident and have not heard one word from them.  We won't be going back to our once-favorite place after being treated so shabbily.
Rating: 5
Text: The atmosphere is very upscale Italian, so much so that when you walk into the doors you'll think you left Toledo.  The food is delicious though I Will warn you that it's in Italian... they tell you what is in the dish in English but the dish names are Italian so might want to Google some of the names to get a good idea of what your ordering.
Rating: 4
Text: Great food and service. Reservations I recommend. This is a phenomenal Italian restaurant. Dress appropriately a Little upscale
Rating: 4
Text: Renee was very good server and food was excellent. I wish food had come faster.
Rating: 3
Text: Very upset with service and care for our party. My daughter chose the restaurant for her 13th birthday dinner with 3 of her friends. It took an hour and a half to get any food to the table (salads)... and then when we left she accidentally left her cards at the table. When my wife came back to the restaurant 15 minutes later the table was cleared, and the cards were missing. The waitress did dig through the trash for them, but the money and gift card in the cards was missing. When the cards were handed to my wife they were out of the envelopes. When she questioned the waitress and manager, they said that they couldn't do anything. PEOPLE... the restaurant was closed by the time we got back... what a way to ruin a girls birthday... stealing her birthday card gifts, and having horrible service! UPDATE: I moved the rating from a 1 to a 3 because the GM reached out to me and reimbursed the money that was stolen to my daughter and gave our family a gift card to return.
