Zingerman's Delicatessen
Rating: 5
Text: This place was awesome! Went at the recommendation of a friend who is local and we really enjoyed it.  Food was great, everyone was pleasant. We got there at just before noon on Saturday and must have been lucky because there was no line. When we left, the line wrapped around the entire inside of the building. Sandwich selection is huge and broken down by type of meat, such as turkey, chicken, etc.

This is great for gluten free folks as well. They have gluten free bread, and take the allergy seriously by preparing separate workstation, separate gloves, etc. If you are gluten free and love sandwiches, you're in luck!  

The sides didn't seem nearly as great as the sandwiches, but they are freebies anyway. Recommended checking out the goods in the store, they seem high quality, like the sandwich.
Rating: 5
Text: A must if you’re visiting Ann Arbor or anywhere close in Michigan. Hands down some of the best sandwiches, cheeses, and desserts you’ve ever had. Well worth the price. Great for takeout or a casual lunch spot. I highly recommend their gift baskets as a nice gift for any occasion.
Rating: 4
Text: Zingerman's is always a wonderful treat. The deli sandwiches are fabulous and the sides are an adventure in excellent flavors. The service is wonderful. Please think twice about having an order delivered to your home - the delivery company (Eat Street) does not live up to Zingerman's standards. They are slow and rude. Your food may arrive 45 minutes after they pick it up from the deli smelling like cigarette smoke, somewhat stale, and barely warm.
Rating: 3
Text: Absolutely not worth the hype or expense, but this is a pretty neat restaurant with legit food. The format of this place is really bizarre, though, with lines forming at random places to get different items in a half-cafeteria, half-restaurant sort of way. And don't expect much help from the staff about how to navigate it, even when they're not busy. Lots of cool items for sale in what seems to be like several different shops inside their several-building facility. In the end, though, I have no reason to ever return and pay $20 for a sandwich.
Rating: 1
Text: The layout of the store is a trap to get you to buy their overpriced market items and they trick you into thinking that their ingredients are super healthy so that you spend 20 dollars on a sandwich. For 20 dollars and and hour long line I was thinking that this was gonna be either an amazing sandwich or a lot of food but it was neither. So then I finished the sandwich and was left with a pickle and I though to myself... there is no way to mess up a pickle... well I was wrong the pickle tasted like garbage. When I was done... all I could think about was all of the other ways that I could have spent my 20 dollars. Quite frankly I am not angry, I am sad.
