1st Travel Inn Oakley
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms are very clean and the management is super friendly. Don't expect any creature comforts though. This location is great if you need a place to stay for the night while on the road on I70 in Oakley, KS. 
Rating: 5
Text: The staff was extremely nice and the room was super clean. It was well worth the bargain we paid. A lot cheaper than the surrounding hotels. 

Rating: 4
Text: This motel was straight out of the 70's. You can tell nothing but the TV has been updated in a long time. Pretty standard stay though - the beds were crazy uncomfortable but the rooms were clean.  The best part was the price! Crazy cheap!
Rating: 2
Text: The place was clean. The old T. V. made a horrible noise when it was on for more than 5 minutes. The A/C did not work well at all. We had to go get box fans from office. Not recommended. 
Rating: 5
Text: Like many people, we tend to look for the reliable chains first when looking for places to stay. "Mom and pop" places built decades ago have the reputation (fair or not) of being old, worn down, and dirty. Clear your mind of that pre-conceived notion when considering 1st Travel Inn. This property provides an exceptionally clean, comfortable, no-frills stay. If you're looking for nothing more than a place to rest and get cleaned up for a night or two, this is THE choice to make. Look no further. 

This property is actually quite nostalgic. Built in the 1960's during an era when America's highways actually took you through town, the 1st Travel Inn looks the part of the traditional, Americana-style roadside motel. The motel itself is dated - old fixtures and wallpaper, concrete walls, CRT televisions, etc., But everything was in fine working order, and the cleanliness and quiet make the Inn a fantastic place to rest for the evening. There's little more than this to offer, but look at the price you're paying. It's a good, honest price for a clean, comfortable place to sleep. That's it... and I like it!

By the way, the family that owns the property is from Germany and have lived in KS for a relatively short time. The gentleman who checked us in was very pleasant and entertaining to talk to.

We will definitely make the 1st Travel Inn our stop on our way to Colorado vacations from here on out. It's a tremendous value at a budget price.
