29 West Motel
Rating: 5
Text:     Like a beautiful pebble on a beach of the same old uninteresting rocks, this hidden gem is a wonderful independent motel built in the hay day of transportation. It is reminiscent of those motels of the 50's, but has kept up with the times, unlike some other motels of it's era.
     Nick, the owner has been pleasing travelers for almost 30 years at this family owned and operated location. His caring for his guest's needs is his priority, and drives his passion to make them as comfortable as possible. 
     Attention to detail and thinking outside the box can be seen in some of the ways he has updated this piece of Americana. Each bathroom has brand new floor tile and ergonomic toilets, along with a microwave and fridge in the room. He offers a variety of beds with different levels of comfort to help accommodate his guest's sleeping needs. 
     For those with larger families or groups, he has larger rooms with multiple beds. This keeps people from being separated and saves on multiple rooms.
     In addition to all this, the rooms are clean!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This might not sound like much, but in my stays in motels lately, and with what you see on the news about unclean motel rooms, bed bugs, etc. This place is a breath of fresh air (along with a pleasant fragrance ).
         I would invite you to stay. It is a wonderful place and Nick and his family would love to have you. 

Just make sure to leave a room for me, the next time I am in town.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed here overnight on our way to watch the solar eclipse. The room we had was quiant, comfortable and quiet. It also had several basic amenities: air conditioning, Samsung TV, microwave, refrigerator, king-size memory foam mattress, dresser, table and chairs. The owners had coffee ready for us the next morning. They are very sweet. This is a family, privately run motel. Our room was very clean and smoke-free.
Rating: 5
Text: OMG - FIRST HOTEL I FOUND WHO GAVE A CHOICE OF BED - HARD BED OR SOFT BED.
When I checked in, a very friendly clerk asked me for the choice of bed. I was surprised. Our room was very clean had modern beds and furniture with not older but antique style bathroom hardware yet looks new and worked flawlessly. We enjoyed our stay. The best hotel in Taylorville, IL undoubtedly.
Rating: 5
Text: I have been staying at the 29 Motel for several years and recommend a stay to anyone traveling through Taylorville. My family lives in Taylorville and I visit several times each year. The owners are friendly and helpful and have provided very good service over the years. The rooms have everything you need for a short or extended stay and are clean and well maintained. My sincere thanks to the management of the 29 Motel for providing the best motel experience in Taylorville.
Rating: 5
Text: cleanness second to none , nice helpfull staff they go out of there way to help with anything
