370 Lakeside RV Campground
Rating: 5
Text: So I have never personally CAMPED here, however, I come here all of the time to bike and run and spend time with friends. What an awesome, strangely-located little lake. I couldn't believe there was a camping ground so right off of the highway like that, but it is SO very nice an quaint. There is a very nice paved path around the lake that you can run, walk, bike, roller skate, skip- whatever you would like! There is a small dog park area to unleash your furry loved ones. They host a ton of really cool events here (I ran the Big Run here this year- totally awesome). You can rent a kayak or a paddle board. Not to mention it is just gorgeous out there. Definitely a very good place to pull off and camp, or just enjoy a summer day. P.S. there are fairly nice bathrooms here too!
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean & well maintained. Patrolled & very quiet. Nice size lots & grassy areas around them. Individual & community fire pits. No planned activities when we stayed mid October. Not much shade...all small trees. Tent campers have a pretty long walk to rest rooms & showers. Located near major highway so noisy but not intolerable to us.
Rating: 4
Text: RV park is a good name 

I thought I was going for a 5k /10k.

 At 4.5 miles adding laps is kind of ..

... Just enjoy the tamed sights
Kyak pond
Archery range?
Dog park
Yummy Persimmon trees

The paved path is very smooth. The back side was more of a nature trail of sorts 

I appreciate the double mowed edges of the trail. Less mosquitoes, ...
If only other parks could follow suit
Rating: 5
Text: As we come over the hill and around the corner my young daughter says "I forgot how clean this place is".  It is very clean and everyone is so friendly. They have security that drives by often. I would recommend this place to everyone.
Rating: 4
Text: Campground with full hook-ups and plenty of room for big rigs.  they had heat tape on all the water faucets so i assume they leave the water on year round or at least late into the season.  Staff was very friendly and helpful as well.
