816 Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: When you walk into the hotel the lobby does not give a good first impression and neither does the elevator. Always something sticky spilled on the floor but when you get to your room they are clean, modern, updated and very large. A good breakfast is served in the morning including omelets made to order. They give you one free drink coupon everyday that you stay and there is a hole in the wall Restaurant next door that has really good food. Staff is friendly but there are couple of them that are very young and not very professional. Over all though a good stay. Rooms are nice and quiet
Rating: 5
Text: I really liked staying at the 816 Hotel. They have everything I needed at a great price. There was life in this hotel and it felt good, the staff was very friendly and welcoming, the bar downstairs had people eating, drinking and enjoying their nights. The hallways were very uniquely decorated and felt very cool. The room was nice and quiet and comfortable. The bed was great, there was a nice flat screen TV, coffee maker and a mini fridge. The shower was nice, very modern design. In the morning, I was able to get a good breakfast and fresh hot coffee. There are also restaurants and bars within walking distance. I’ll definitely stay here next time I’m Kansas City.
Rating: 1
Text: I’d give less than a 1. WORST PLACE IVE EVER BEEN. (Worked at a hotel for 5 years FYI. THIS IS THE FIRST NEGATIVE REVIEW IVE EVER GIVEN) Front desk agent gene was awful. Lied and said there weren’t haven’t ready and clean rooms when there were. Said early check in is at 4pm. Said the owner is his friend in an attempt to pressure me to not complain about the awful treatment. Gave me an out of order room after the wonderful housekeeper told him he had several other options. The place is a dump from what I’ve seen. Management is incapable. Don’t spend your money here.
Rating: 3
Text: A very unique experience. The interior has a ton of special detail specific to Kansas City and the themed rooms were really cool. However, it's a noisy hotel. Not only are you in the middle of a bar district with trash trucks and sirens, but each room features a rolling barn door for the bathroom door. That's very neat to look at, but not when you hear the room next to you rolling the door shut and open at 2 am. Still, a very cool hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: They were great! When we got here we discovered there was no fridge in the room. We had forgotten to ask. I had to have a fridge as I was having tests done at KU med. They gladly upgraded our room for no upgrade fee. This was greatly appreciated by myself and my husband.
