A. J. Jolly Park and Campground
Rating: 1
Text: I'm not sure exactly where to start.
However I can say that every time I was at the front desk there were someone there with a problem. Most of the time the people were arriving and their reservations were messed up, the people at the counter seem to be less than concerned and blamed all of the problems on the online reservations system.
In addition to that this Campground is not tent friendly there are very few primitive campsites or Advanced campsites with water or electric that can support a tent because they are all on a heavy incline and if it ever rains which it often does around here you will end up with a lot of water rushing on to your tent which is already on a hill.
There is glass all over the place you cannot allow your kids to walk around here in the grass without shoes on you definitely should not have your dog running around here.
 on the third night tied up everything tight because we expected some rain around 7 in the morning it started to rain so we got up and went out for breakfast and stopped by the zoo after the rain we were gone for about 4 hours on a Wednesday in the middle of the day time when we came back someone had stolen our kayak and the paddle which was chained up by my dog chain since we took our dog with us I did not want the kayak to get washed into the water by running water down the hill so I chained it up and then I put the paddle over by the truck and surprisingly only the paddle and the kayak are gone when I come back.
I went to the front desk to complain about the stolen equipment and they were also again less than concerned no one offered any apologies or any I went to the front desk to complain about the stolen equipment and they were also again less than concerned no one offered any apologies or any type of reconciliation for our stolen boat while on their property having paid for residence there.
All in all the experience was far less than satisfying and what's really crappy about the whole thing is we live only about 4 miles away from this place and we live there for 10 years and never came to this campground and on our first visit this is how our experience ended up turning out.
Before I wrote this review I read some of the other reviews it seems like there's some very inexperienced campers writing reviews in regards to the fishing it's really not very good I've lived around here for some time and everyone local here knows that fishing at AJ jolly is not even worth the time it takes to drive through the front gate there are nothing but very small channel catfish and a few Mudcats.
Finally I will end this with a small complaint I have been to many campgrounds when we camp we usually camp for 3 weeks at a time I guess you could say I'm an avid camper the reason I mentioned that is only two add conviction to my complaint about the prices of firewood here at AJ jolly they want over $8 for a small bundle of firewood and the firewood is riddled with tree killing pests that have left most of the wood that they sell looking like Swiss cheese be careful that you don't transfer these bugs or take them home with you and every other Campground I've ever been to is very specific about firewood with bugs and they do not want you bringing your own firewood in especially if it has bugs.
The problem is the bugs from where you live might not be good for the trees wherever you take or go camping and all of the other campgrounds I've ever been to have never asked for more than $5 for a reasonable bundle of wood this Campground wants over $8 for a really poor amount of infested wood.
I feel like there is more to say but right now these are the main topics that are bothering me.
Rating: 5
Text: Use to go there when i was younger it has changed alot but i still had fun with grandkids 
Rating: 5
Text: Great for adults  camping  fish awesome i was sitting on the bank i could see the fish jump up big  beautiful fish i wasnt fishing . They sell firewood  ice sometimes icecream . 
Rating: 5
Text: Love everything abt A.J JOLLY, BEEN CAMPING HERE FOR ALMOST 7 YRS NOW & I HAVE ENJOYED IT EVERYTIME & I HAVE SOOO MNY MEMORIES W/ FAMILY & FRIENDS CAMPING..........
Rating: 5
Text: Nice place to camp and fish always have a great time.
