Abe Martin Lodge
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I had a great time at the Abe Martin Lodge located in Brown County State Park. The staff was very helpful in accommodating all our needs throughout our stay. The lodge restaurant is very good. They offer a buffet but you can order off the menu if you prefer. The lodge has a great indoor swimming pool complete with a water slide and hot tub! We stayed in a rustic cabin called "Gabe Craw 1" and it very charming. We were able to disconnect from our electronic devices and enjoy nature. I plan on returning to the Abe Martin Lodge in the future. It my become an annual family tradition!
Rating: 5
Text: We stopped in to Abe Martin Lodge for lunch with friends. We had the lunch buffet and between our two families we had five children. The buffet was better stocked than any lunch buffet I had ever been to before. It was well worth the price, which was low all things considered. It was a great family environment and we will definitely do this again!
Rating: 4
Text: Accommodations we're pretty nice. Room stayed pretty warm and indoor pool was definitely a bit cool in Nov. Said something to staff and they said they would mention it to management but it would take a day and a half to actually warm up any. We did request a fire and seem like they'll make one for us iutdoors this evening. Overall very good staff, just a hot room and cold pool.
Rating: 3
Text: Our kids enjoyed the stay, but for adults it was about as much fun as going to Chucky Cheese.  Our stay was fine, the rooms were so-so.  We had the breakfast buffet, and it had A LOT of options, but there wasn't anything that I would recommend.  Also overpriced for what it was.  The pool was fun for the kids, but there were several items in the splash park that were broken with caution tape around them.  When we stayed, the hotel must have been understaffed.  Luckily we arrived early, but people were waiting in line to check until 8-9pm as the front desk was understaffed and the maid service were still cleaning rooms until then.  We probably wouldn't go back based on our experience.  I do know others had a good stay there though.  I believe if the right manager came in and made a few changes and updates, this would be a place to take a family to.
Rating: 5
Text: Service is good. Friendly staff were accommodating. Great place for kids. Indoor water park is a blast. Inside a fantastic state park with many trails and a fun nature center. Rooms are a bit dated but that could just be the lodge theme.
