Abilene's Victorian Inn
Rating: 1
Text: Worst place to stay.  The innkeeper is very insensitive to the feelings of the guests who were there to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary as a couple.  We wanted to spend it with ourselves.  We left after the 1st night after being treated as if we were 5 year olds.  Would not recommend this place at all.
Rating: 5
Text: What a Treasure!  The Victorian Inn, in surprisingly lovely Abilene, Kansas, is #42 on our list of B&B's visited...and what a delight!  We enjoyed the spacious Mamie Eisenhower Suite...Victorian details perfectly placed.  And the breakfast?!?  FABULOUS!  

Adrian and Jay Potter, our most hospitable innkeepers welcomed us with stories, and we fell into exchanging jokes -- which kept us groaning and laughing through both days of our visit.  Clearly, Adrian and Jay are dedicated inn-keeping professionals.  The house is immaculately maintained, comfortable and fascinating.

Our visit to Abilene, was to complete our mission of seeing the 13 current Presidential Libraries.  The Eisenhower home, museum and library are all well-worth the trek.  The Eisenhower campus is among the larger ones of the Presidential Libraries and each site is chock full of interesting memorabilia, history and stories.

What a great experience!


Rating: 5
Text: Stayed overnight on August 10, 2016 on way back from CO.  Maybe the nicest, most accommodating B&B we have ever experienced.  Adrian was the perfect hostess and great chef - scrumptious breakfast.  We will be back.
Roy & Nancy Worthington
Rating: 5
Text: Jay and Adrian have an extraordinary gift for hospitality.  They are both friendly, warm and humorous and excel at making people feel welcome.  We had our 11-year-old son with us and they both went out of their way to include him; they even dug a basketball out of their garage so that he could shoot hoops at the beautiful park that is located behind their property.
This B&B is a lovely spacious property, beautifully maintained and in a great location.  This was our first visit to Abilene and we were just overnighters but could not fit everything in and hope to return for another visit.
Adrian's cooking is phenomenal, the gift shop is charming and the amenities are first class.  We would recommend this B&B to anyone--there are room choices for every type of guest.   
Rating: 5
Text: Valentine's Day weekend was fabulous! Thank you to Chef Adrian and Jay for a wonderful dining experience. Service was excellent, atmosphere was elegant, setting was romantic and the food was amazing! Our stay is a memorable one!
