Aerie's Resort & Winery
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed at Aeries for a wedding. The venue seemed very disorganized, but everyone was very friendly and tried to be helpful. The layout was a bit confusing. The rooms were great, though. We did not have any sound problems. The event venue closes at 11, so it's quiet after that. The bed was comfortable. The bathrooms were clean and the shower was fancy.
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed in the Lower Cottages behind the Park. Toilet would not flush, sink backed up, bedding was worn and soiled, our "view" was a gravel parking and a maintenance building. "Rustic" would be the only description of the accommodations.  The Shuttle drivers were awesome and easy to call. The restaurant / winery was very enjoyable  and the food was great. The Cabin would be ok IF it were $90 a night, not $165 a night...Grafton is a nice visit for maybe a day or two. Dining is mostly bar food. The exception would be The Oyster Bar at the Marina. I would recommend staying in the Condos at the top and bypassing the cottages at the bottom. I wish we could rate the experience higher, but that "cabin" was a dump. The worst part was having to walk past an elderly dog which the shuttle driver said belonged to the owner. Poor animal was confined to a 8' x 8' pen and slept inside a no doubt hot tin building. The dog appeared to be well fed, but lonely...who does that to a pet ??
Rating: 4
Text: Wonderful and scenic venue for a wedding.  That being said, I wish that during the actual ceremony (lasted about 10 min) the Winery Pub music/DJ had been turned off and the crowd had been asked to quiet down a bit.   The noise could be easily heard by everyone at the wedding on the veranda just above the pub (even those hard of hearing noticed).  Although there's likely  to be one or two who won't quiet down , I can't imagine most wouldn't cooperate.   Perhaps offer a free drink to those who cooperate.  Truly a great place otherwise.
Rating: 5
Text: I've eaten at Aerie's a number of times over the years and the experience is always memorable. 

The view of the Mississippi River valley is absolutely stunning. You're at least a couple hundred feet above the river. Whether dining inside or out you can literally see for miles.

Their salads are fresh and delicious though I would temper the sweetness of the raspberry vinaigrette dressing.

A variety of flatbread pizzas means something to please just about anyone. Every time I've had one or any one I know has had one, it is something to rave about.

Special mention goes to their practically perfect duck breast. Flavor and preparation meld so well with this absolute taste treat. 

A fine variety of local and non-local wines are served. Find what you like in their wine tasting area just inside the restaurants main entrance. 

Domestic and even some craft beers are available along with a full-bar. 

Aerie's has a real nice looking event center and a coffee shop on site too. 

Rooms and cabins are available for nightly rental. 

Even during peak business I've always found a parking space.

On my estimation, a visit to Aerie's is always a winner!
Rating: 5
Text: We attended a wedding and reception here. The wedding was outdoors, staged on a deck with the most amazing view over the bluff and river. The deck waa connected to a large event room, complete with buffet and dance floor. It was a fantastic time, with shuttle service and overnight rooms available.
