Airport Inn and Parking
Rating: 3
Text: This motel has nice rooms, some rooms that aren't nice at all...and everything in between! Check to make sure your a.c. works! No bugs and all the linens were fresh and clean. Cheap option for a decent room.  The night shift guy rocks!
Rating: 1
Text: The place is very out dated furniture very old and very used. The Bathrooms are mold and mildew infested. Then a mouse ran across the room into a tiny hole in the wall. Don't use those nasty coffee makers. Office personal are all opinionated in such a negative way it raises a concern to their true intentions. The bedding was made but had No Plastic Protection as required by the Health Dept.. Was informed by a prior occupant that that facility was trying to get rid of Bed Bugs. I understand everyone either see or gets different treatment, but i could never recommend this nasty place to anyone. It really needs help. Only if your desperate would one even think about it.
Rating: 5
Text: Upon reading the reviews, I was initially weary of staying here. When I arrived, I was surprised to find that the rooms were updated, clean & very comfortable (I stayed in a nonsmoking room, but even if you do smoke, its no hassle to step right outside). The bed was cozy & the bathroom was clean. It's a pretty lowkey hotel, so there isn't a lot of hustle & bustle. For travelers, it's right across the street from the airport & I believe they offer a shuttle there as well. I would definitely stay here again. 
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms are always clean. Front desk is very helpful and kind. My only complaint is rooms need more outlets.
Rating: 2
Text: At this price class, you can't expect a great place.  Like most, it's an older motel and all you're expecting is a clean safe place to spend the night.   But I found the bed to be worn out and near imposable to sleep on.  The only saving grace is the middle wasn't so bad - but you're out of luck of there's two of you.  In that case, you might want to try the sofa. That's why the two star.  Management told me they were in the process of replacing them - let's hope so.  As for location, you can't ask for a better place for the "night before" you fly out.  It's between the closest gas station and the airport.  Gas up the night before and in the morning drive the 1.8 miles to the car rental return to catch your flight. So if they do replace the beds, it's a place to consider if you don't mind cheap motels.
