Aloft Bolingbrook
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic stay.  Very trendy.  Awesome location.  Depending on the direction you take getting to the hotel it can be deceving but it is well worth the time.  I wish they had a hot tub but the rest of the hotel is not disappointing.  Definitely stay there again!
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful inspired set up. Very trendy lobby and guest room. Elevator is a bit slow, no ice machines on the floors so you have to go all the way to the lobby if you need ice. Hallways look really nice adding some elevators on the ends would have been a wise investment so the guests don't have two long hallways to their room. Pool not very big, no hot tub. Such a beautiful outdoor space off the pool room. The restroom in the pool area has white glass doors that can be seen through, not clearly but not the best idea for a bathroom. If they had a larger, deeper pool and furniture without holes in it that could be a real attraction for them.
Rating: 5
Text: I loved this hotel. We attended were attending a wedding and the hotel was convenient to the venue. The staff was very accommodating to the grooms requests of borrowing a room to practice a dance, etc. There is a bar and pool table in the lobby. It gets very lively at night but got can't hear it from the rooms. The bar tenders were excellent as well. The hotel staff allowed us early check in and late check out. The rooms were very spacious, chic, and clean. Overall we had a really great time.
Rating: 5
Text: We used the Aloft for our wedding block hotel and it was a great choice! Maggie, the wedding block coordinator, was easy to work with and was great at making last minutes changes to accommodate us and our guests. While we were there, the staff (especially Amanda, Dan, and Lucy) were extremely friendly and went above and beyond to make sure all our needs were met.  The hotel itself is modern and fun, with a large lobby and bar that is perfect for post-wedding drinks. We loved just hanging out in the lobby with our guests, the hotel definitely has more of a party feel but is still well run and clean. It’s also right down the street within walking distance of a large mall, which was great for out of town guests… and for a couple members of our bridal party who forgot to bring clothes and needed to run to Macy’s! I would recommend the Aloft for couples getting married in the southwest suburbs, especially if you are going to have a lot of guests in their 20s and 30s staying at the hotel.
Rating: 3
Text: Friendly staff that were very attentive. In my opinion the room was a bit below average. The bed sheets and comforters appeared to have hair and dirt on them, the bathroom did not have toilet paper and bathroom wall fixtures were not secured very well. The bed I slept in was not too comfortable because I could feel the springs through the mattress. The hotel bar area was clean and felt inviting. Free coffee and bottled water was a nice touch. The price for a room was reasonable for the area at about $100 a night.
