Amana Colonies RV Park & Event Center
Rating: 5
Text: The Amana colonies RV park is very nice. The area around the park contains many old historic buildings stores and museums. This is a great place to visit if you're on vacation and have a family. The wool Museum which has been at this location for over a hundred years is a must-see. Inside this Museum they also have a gift shop with many items available for sale. They have a large selection of blankets and will items that were made at their location. This is still a working Factory. A lot of fun to see with the family
Rating: 1
Text: To save money, time and headaches from the unwelcoming, many times rude, staff, stay elsewhere. This park caters to events and rallies. If you are not part of an event, you will not be treated with respect. Rallies over campers is their motto.
The Amana Colonies is not as it was 15 years ago. Many shops and restaurants have closed and they ship their goods in, nothing is authentic any longer. Sad. Note: The hosts are rude and remind me of the Gestapo as other reviewers had stated. Stay elsewhere.
Rating: 4
Text: I would rate this park a 5 except for the arrangement of the hookups. The way the hookups are arranged, if you get lucky, they will all be on the correct side of your unit. If not, you might have to drag one or more of your connections to the other side. All the water and electric are at the very back of the side, so again, better have looong hoses and cords. Other than that, nice wide open, level sites, friendly staff, and very close to all the Amana attractions.
Rating: 2
Text: The lady at front desk needs to smile and be a.little nicer. There was hardly any shade. More like a open field. They parked us on top of another camper when they had alot of open sites. We bought fire wood never did get a fire ring delivered. When we checked out they couldn't even say thank you and come back. NOTHING!! Don't think we will be back.
Rating: 4
Text: Good facilities and I had a spacious lot. There are not that many bathrooms however, and they are rather far to walk to. I need the exercise though so that's fine. Nice and cheap for a one night stay. However I seem to be hearing some sort of throbbing bass, either from someone's car radio or some piece of machinery. Good place to stay for a night overall. 
