Americas Best Value Inn - Holts Summit/Jefferson City
Rating: 1
Text: This place totally sucks! Been here for a week no cable or internet for 3 days the coffee in the lobby has been the same coffee that was made sense Tuesday morning and it's Thursday night now and it's still there now Im about to go dump it out so I can have fresh coffee in the morning.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a response to Ms Spartan Blood”s inaccurate review.

     Since google leaves no way to respond to a customer, I have to leave a review of a review.

First:  When you were checking in, the one and only king room we have, was unavailable that day to unforeseen circumstances.  You accepted  the room with two double beds that we offered.

Second:   You told the desk clerk checking you in, that this was only the second hotel you ever checked into on your own.  So much for your experience at hotels.

Third:  The hotel reserves the right to ask for a deposit from anyone, especially a local and from someone that is paying cash and using a debit card(same as cash).  The deposit was paid from a second debit card that had sufficient funds in it. Get use to hotels asking for deposits.  It is a shame hotels have to ask for deposits, but because of rude, horrible customers that damage rooms, we have no choice.

Fourth:   You had THE DO NOT DISTURB SIGN ON YOUR DOOR following the first night.  That means exactly what it says, do not disturb, including housekeeping.  You came to the office in the early afternoon, asking for two garbage bags.   At that time, it was offered to clean your room, and you refused service.  Than you through you trash out in the hallway, like it was your trash dumpster.  HOW RUDE.  Finally, late near 5PM, after all housekeeping had been finished for several hours, you rudely said we can do your room now, for you were leaving for awhile.  But because we are nice hotel owners, we did your room, even after being told many hours earlier you did not need any service.   Also since you did not own a car, we had know way of knowing when you were in the room or not.  But, still the DO NOT DISTURB SIGN was displayed.

Fifth:  The breakfast consist of Bagels, English muffins, donuts, sweet rolls, Cinnamon bread for toast,
Oranges, Apples, Orange Juice, Milk, Coffee Tea, needed condiments for breakfast, three types of cold cereal, hot cereal plus on top of all that, hot microwaveable pancakes and sausages, Sausage and biscuits of two types.  You and your fiance indulged in the breakfast both morning.   I guess you really enjoyed it, for you did not come up to us and say, IS THAT ALL THEIR IS. 

Sixth.  Apparently, you like leaving rude, derogatory comments as seen in your other review.

And lastly you have no right in any way or form to criticize someone for what they do when their work is done or taking a break.  It is hard to be friendly to a rude and unfriendly customers, that seem to abound now days, although we tried our best.   GROW UP SNOWFLAKE and STOP BEING RUDE TO OTHERS.

Arthur Kristofik
Owner/Operator
Rating: 1
Text: One of the worst experiences we've ever had, and we didn't even stay.  When we walked into the lobby, around 8:30 pm, the man walked out of the back room with a scowl on his face and a chip on his shoulder.  We preceded with the request for a room, and he preceded with giving us information different than what the sweet lady we had spoken with earlier told us.  The man was unpleasant during the entire exchange.  As we were filling out the paper work, I had to go look at our license plate (my fiancee moved back from Florida and had just changed the plates over three days before so I couldn't remember the number), the man's attitude got worse and began treating us with even more disrespect.  When the man asked for my fiancee's ID, the attitude increased yet again when he handed the man his temporary paper ID (my fiancee just moved back from Florida and hasn't received the actual Missouri driver's license in mail yet).  We tried to continue with the transaction, as we only needed the room for one night, but when the man got ready to run the credit card to pay for our room, he added that there would be an additional  $100 pre-authorization ran on the card.  When we asked for documentation stating this would only be a temporary hold on our account, the man refused and got even more disrespectful and rude.  Words were exchanged, and we left.
Rating: 5
Text: Very well-kept and clean guestrooms.  Very quiet and insulated both from external and internal noise.  Amenities over which are usually found at this price-point.  A lot of pride is evident in the staff taking care of the facilities.
Rating: 5
Text: Extremely clean! Family owned, and very friendly. For the only hotel in Holts Summit, it has every excuse to be run down. However, it was tremendous in every way
