Americas Best Value Inn Sullivan
Rating: 5
Text: Don't hesitate to stop here.   Our king size bed was so comfortable and the bedding was nice and soft.  We met the owner in the morning at breakfast. He said he has completely renovated the rooms in the past 2 years..and it shows.   Everything was very nice and clean..all new fixtures. . Faucets..toilets..big led tv...automatic heater.   We had a great meal...roast turkey and roast beef at Cracker barrel. .just a half mile away.   The breakfast selection was nice too.   We had the waffles which were very flavorful. .unlike others I've had.   Thank you so much for the good night's stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Was a decent hotel. Pretty clean. Had a good free breakfast! Very friendly people. A little slow with requests, not a lot of attention given to the front desk. Overall good experience here.
Rating: 4
Text: Great price, very quiet even when full, very friendly and helpful staff (owner let me plug flash drive into his front-desk computer and print a document on his printer), clean room/bath with all I needed (microwave, fridge, huge TV, desk, table, chairs).  Wish it offered yogurt and/or hard-boiled eggs with free breakfast, and wish it had an exercise room.  But would gladly stay here again and would recommend it to others.
Rating: 1
Text: THANKS FOR RUINING PART OF MY BIRTHDAY WEEKEND!!
 I could give it less Stars I would. First thing first the first one we went to the sheets were not changed it was hair on the sheets and yellow urine stains or yellow spilled on the cover of the foundation.
The night auditor was very apologetic and change the rooms and bought us a new key however when we got to the second room and pull the sheets back there was even more hair on the sheets as if they had not been changed. 
So I went to the office and pick up more sheets and change the sheets and blankets and pillow cases myself.
And then the next few hours I saw a baby roach on the nightstand I killed it and then I see another on the nightstand. And then I'll walk over to the table next to the TV and there's another baby roach and I killed it. 

I complain to the front desk clerk and he did not seem to care he was very nonchalant and I asked him if we can get a refund he said no refund. 
So then he offered to move me to a non-smoking room but I am a smoker so that would not help me.
 I told him I should not have had to change my own sheets. 
And then I told him that there were roaches in the room. He said that he's dealing with them as well and I told him that he does not have the luxury of paying for them like I'm doing and I want to leave. I asked for the manager and he told me that the manager only comes in once a month. And that seemed to be alive because he was very evasive before he even made that statement.
 He told me that there is no refunds. so after that I go back to my room.
 The final straw is where my husband was lying in bed and the large roach came out of the nightstand and my husband jumped up.

 So then I called the office for the final time and told him that I must go and I want some type of refund or compensation or whatever he has to do but I'm not staying in that roach-infested Motel another night. 
He's in gave me half of my money back for the second night of my reservation. 
However the worst part is when he made the comment that there are white people in the motel as well and they're not complaining. I told him it has nothing to do with race it has everything to do with a person's level of comfort and what they can deal with. He made the statement well as you see I'm not white either and I told him that race has nothing to do with this so I don't understand why you're even bringing that up. 
I told him that I want a refund and I want to go but this time I brought my husband in there with me he didn't gave me my money back and my husband and we left immediately!! 

Before the roach incident...I asked them not to go into the room and service it however they went in there anyway and service the room that made me angry I feel that my decision not to have them going to my room should have been honored!!
The carpet didn't look vaccumed! Tub didn't look clean neither did the bathroom floor!!

The hot water wasn't even warm! 

I WOULDN'T RECOMMEND THIS PLACES FOR A DOG!!!?
Rating: 4
Text: The folks at the desk were very friendly and helpful. They even gave me and my son a goody bag with stuff happening locally and a candy bar for my son. We had a great time visiting the area and met a lot of really nice people by using the local things from the goody bag.
