AmeriStay
Rating: 5
Text: I had stayed here with my children and when i did they had a great time they didn't want to leave. the owner was interactive with the hotel. i seen him just as involved as the staff  the staff and managers and ownership gave great service. the pool was wonderful i was in a newly renovated room looking over the pool and it was a beautiful scene. i was very impressed and will be returning very soon.
Rating: 4
Text: I stay here often with a few of my co workers often for certain jobs. The staff has always been so kind to me and my fellow employees. They are very laid back and informative on local restaurants, stores, and nightlife and other local attractions.  The Manager has always been more than efficient if a problem arises.  I've heard and read the bad reviews in the past but I've rarely seen a hotel that hasn't had it's own issues. It had changed immensely just in the past six months and I've been utilizing this hotel for over a year and a half.  I'd recommend it any day.  If you get a chance check out the Jacuzzi room.
Rating: 5
Text: This place has come a long way.  A lot nicer.  Friendly helpful staff.  Very clean,  I was super impressed with the changes.  Keep up the good work.
Rating: 1
Text: PLEASE BE AWARE DO NOT STAY HERE!!! I booked a total of 2 rooms and held with my debit card, when my brother and I checked out we each paid for our on room separate, my brother paid cash for his room and I paid with my debit card for my room. The hotel ended up charging my debit card  still twice even though my brother paid his portion in cash!! I immediately contact the hotel and spoke to Mr. Patel (General Manager) and he refused to reimburse my money!! I am now working with my bank disputing the extra charge so I can get my money back. Just want to give people the heads up about this dishonest hotel and if all means do NOT stay here!! Read reviews from others on other sites like TripAdvisor , this exact scam has been done to others. The hotel is rated an "F" on the BBB website !! check it out for yourself
Rating: 5
Text: Has become under new management and has improved amazingly. The rooms are clean and well taken care of. They had clean towels,rags and linens whenever I requested. The pool and hot tub were both very nice, clean and relaxing. A delicious breakfast was served every morning.The staff was as helpful as could be and my stay was never interupted. I recommend this stay to anyone that asks. 5 star rating!!
