Americas Best Value Inn Lincoln
Rating: 5
Text: No complaints. I walked into a clean room, where all appliances and utilities worked perfectly. Continental breakfast was offered from 6 Am to 9 and had cereal, waffle maker, juices, fruit, bagels, etc... The location is close to a railway so you get the occasional train noises in the background. For the price point, America's Best Value Inn met all expectations.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice staff. Always happy to help. Rooms were pretty clean and stayed cool. Bathroom door couldn't really close. But if you slammed it with your hip it would latch.
Rating: 3
Text: Decent and clean rooms, staff was friendly and helpful. Seemed like a safe area, gas station just a few minutes away that's open until 12:30am and carries liquor. If you need a cheap room for a night or two this is definitely a good deal.
Rating: 4
Text: Value priced, nice staff, laundry, microwaves and refrigerators, continental breakfast.
Rating: 1
Text: My wife and I stayed three nights. To start, payment was demanded in advance for all three nights - and we don't dress like vagabonds or look like low-lives either. The ice machine was out of order when we arrived and remained so when we left. For that I would have only deducted one star. I deducted the other three stars for the miserably unpleasant to down-right rude man who runs the motel. Room phone would not ring front desk. He told us we should have dialed 701 though that number wasn't listed on the phone. Phone said dial 0. 107 didn't work either. But we never complained. Meanwhile, he was so rude and upleasant when we called him for anything that we didn't dare wake him up at 4:00 in the morning when we got in late our last night out to ask for a late check-out. Instead, I called with my cellphone about an hour before checkout and he tried to say "no late check-out" but I persisted pleasantly and he begrudgingly gave me "15 or 20 minutes." The rude way he ended that conversation earned him the first one star rating I have ever given any business I have rated online.
