America's Best Inn - New Florence
Rating: 1
Text: Do not stay here!!! If there are no other options locally, sleep in your car. The toilet was broken, the sheets, blankets, pillows, and floor were covered in pet hair. We pulled back the sheets to a huge round imprint of an animal in pet hair on the blanket. Creepy child's bed in the corner of the room and no breakfast as stated on the sign. Not that we wouldn't eaten it anyway. The receptionist area, hallways were hotter than a sauna. Lady at front desk was very nice though.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was very nice and clean I would only wish that it was less than $80 but it was nice. No complaints here at all. Reading some of the other reviews, maybe they've remodeled since then, I don't know.

Rating: 1
Text: I was driving back from Tennessee from a brain aneurysm survivors retreat headed home towards Kansas City but began not feeling well so decided to stop to sleep for the night. After returning home I noticed not only my charge for the room but a separate charge in the amount of $27.12 was charged to my bank account without my knowledge! When I called to inquire about this charge a gentleman at the front desk told me that the general manager had charged me for a broken light of some sort by the beds?? I explained to him I could not even find away to turn on the light by the bed that night so I used the bathroom light and pulled the door closed part way as a night light so I could see if I was to need to get up! I have left messages for this manager to return my calls both with the front desk staff and on his personal voice mail and after a week have received no response! I'm a 46yo disabled woman, I hardly think I damaged their property sleeping! I only stayed there because I was ill and there were no other nicer options available! Regardless I do not feel I should have to pay .1¢ for something I'm not responsible for. I would not recommend staying here and if you do pay cash because obviously they feel they can and obviously will charge you at anytime whatever they want without your knowledge and even if you are not at fault!! Just dishonest crooks!
Rating: 5
Text: A nice place to relax abd enjoy and movie after driving a long ways 
Rating: 1
Text: Please Stay Away

Recently stayed here for a wedding in Herman.  Bad is all I can say.  

Stayed in a non-smoking room, however it was clear the room had been smoked in continually.  I guess you can place a non-smoking label on anything.  Left the window open all day while at the wedding and it didn't make a dent in the stench.

Sheets on the bed were stained and disgusting, ended up sleeping on top of the comforter because we were afraid to cover up.  Would have drove back to KC but it was too late to make the travel after the reception.

Bathroom was barely passable as clean.  Room we stayed in had puckering sheetrock where something was clearly anchored to the wall on the other side and the screws were too long.

Continental breakfast consisted of largely store bought fare; pop tarts etc.  Would not have been a problem except my wife and son got the heat up bagel rolls that had green mildew or something.  I sat in the lobby feeling lousy staring at the wallpaper that was peeling in the dining area. 

I don't even think Gordon Ramsey's Hotel Hell could save this joint.  If I could rate zero stars as an option I would.
