American Heritage Inn
Rating: 1
Text: Was in my room for about 2 hours and went to use the bathroom and two cockroaches went running when the light turned on. Caught them both and when I told the attendant she was like I asked for them to spray that room.! She then offers a room upstairs at the other end of the building.. had to stay , couldn't use jacuzzi cause who knows what ...woke up to eat breakfast and it's just put into a room next to the one I had cockroaches in ! Plus gallon milk jugs for everyone to share and for a customer to just drink out of the jug(assumption) ... I left before 11 am and it still shows that they are charging for two nights! I don't think so, after all that !! .. I stayed one night and couldn't really even sleep because of the above situation. Perfect location for the fair grounds!!! Better clean house before u expect me or others to ever show up ..

9/20/2017 they said they returned my money last week !!! Still have not seen it !!!
Rating: 1
Text: Horribly rude owner.
My fiancé was sick and he was in need of a restroom fast. There was no sign the bathroom is for paying guests only. He was visibly sick, after leaving the restroom, we went to buy pretzels from the vending machine. the woman was yelling at us saying if we weren't staying we couldn't use the restroom or buy food from the machine. We apologized, expressed him being ill as he was sweating and Ill looking. She CONTINUED to keep yelling at us the entire way out the door as we apologized. A horribly mean lady with no customer service. I could not believe a business owner in customer service would be so horrible.
Rating: 1
Text: Just tried to stay there tonight. Only in the room for 1 hour. Pulled back the bed spread and a clock roach ran out. Caught it in a complementary cup. Took to the front desk for a refund. They were nice and refunded our stay. Long unexpected ride home tonight. Will never go back.
Rating: 5
Text: People at the front desk are always friendly and there to help if you need it. Rooms are clean and sanitary and we'll stocked with the necessities needed for a comfortable stay. Has a clean pool and hot tub, as well as an arcade room and vending machines. 
Rating: 2
Text: I was there few weeks. I did have spa room ex but 1st time couldn't use was not clean. Love my making girls they rock. But was disappointed had u a jucuzzy room like 6 day got in 4because was mot clean  so ya
