AmericInn Council Bluffs
Rating: 5
Text: First of all Josh and Kathryn are amazing people! Very helpful and friendly. I am staying long term for a job here. They worked with me on price. The rooms are very clean and comfortable. They have a nice indoor pool. They have an amazing full breakfast. Good cable channels. Restaurants close by that deliver. The staff is very helpful and friendly. I had a bad refrigerator and they promptly got me a new one put in. This will be my stop anytime I come in town.
Rating: 5
Text: We were delayed when traveling home post-eclipse and were surprised to find a room available on such a heavily travelled day. Wasn't sure what to expect, it's not much to look at from outside. But the staff was friendly and helpful, and the room was clean, very, fresh, and very comfortable. Also surprisingly quiet despite facing I-80. Slept like a rock and had a nice hot breakfast. 
Rating: 3
Text: Overall it was okay. Our room was clean and fine. But our tub/shower was stuck on shower only so a bath was not an option. The 220 outlet for the air conditioner had no cover so I'm glad we didn't have small children with us. The beds were comfortable so that's a plus. The eggs at breakfast were not real eggs, some kind of weird scrambled concoction but the rest of breakfast was fine. We never did find the indoor pool. Signs were wrong. You can tell it's under new management and they're trying to get it updated etc. Gonna take some time.
Rating: 4
Text: Our stay was quiet and peaceful. They offer chili and crackers on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. They offer a wonderful hot breakfast every morning from 6-10 am. The staff members are friendly and helpful. However, there is no public laundry facilitily on the premesis. No room service offered either but they do have a pool and sauna available for guests to utilize. Nice rooms, nice people, nice place. A wonderful refreshing touch of class. I rated it 4 stars only because of the on site laundry facilities that are unavailable. Enjoy your stay folks! We certainly did. ~KK~
Rating: 3
Text: Great rate! so I wasn't expecting too much honestly. The room was okay had a mini fridge,microwave, flat screen. Carpets were funky looking I never took my shoes off! Bathroom was decent. The bed was awful....it was already bad enough the bedding itself made me question whether I would wake up with bug bites but the mattress was hard and squeaky......but for $55 bucks after tax with no online reservation I would say I got my money's worth.
