Americas Best Value Inn - Murphysboro/Carbondale
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean and reasonable for the price. The amenities were sufficient. Could use an upgrade on the TV. HD TVs should be standard. An iron and board in the room also would've been a nice touch.
Rating: 1
Text: Do not walk, run away from this hotel.

The owners of this hotel take zero pride in this facility.  We were on our way to Florida and were so tired we needed a place to sleep. I told him we would only be there for few hours to rest and asked for a discounted rate since we would not be staying the night. After just quoting the person they were talking to on the phone before I walked to the counter $65 he says he can cut me a deal at $75.  Exhausted I just man up and decide how bad can it be. It turns out bad, real bad.  The shower had the cheapest tiniest shower head I’d ever seen, all the furniture in the room was broken in some way. The bedding had random stains on it, the bathroom door lock didn’t function properly and my wife was stuck in the bathroom for 10 minutes while retried the unlock mechanism over and over until it eventually caught. I eventually got the kids settled and laid down to Ben greeted by a smell that I can only describe as a aged mixture of mildew, cigarette smoke, mold and one additional pungent odor I was unable to identify. When I woke up I investigated the room further. There were also gashes in the comforter, mold spore marks in the nightstand drawer and I could go on. 

When checking out I noted the issues with the room and expected maybe a partial refund. Instead I got angry infatuation response, you’ve been here for 6 hours nothing I can do for you, good day. 

Asked for a manager he informed me he was the owner and was not going to do anything to address my complaints.

When I mention I would be calling their corporate office he said, fine do whatever you want bye now.

Simply put, horribly up-kept, probably to the point of being a health hazard and an owner who is clearly only interested in making money of the unfortunate souls who wearily need a place to stay. 

Stay the heck away.
Rating: 3
Text: If you just want a place to sleep then this is ok. Don't look for anything special because there isn't any.
Rating: 1
Text: Poor check in experience; had to ring wait for staff too show up. Look in the door did not work properly, room was stifling hot upon arrival, room wreaked of cigarette smoke, found semi dead bug in room anything else, bedding needed updated partially due to cigarette Burn partially due to cigarette Burns and partially due to mystery sayings, and we found a pile of tobacco behind one of our night stands. Would not recommend unless it was your last option.
Rating: 1
Text: Handicap room unsafe for the handicap. 
Tried to give him shower the shower head for the wheel chair access is clogged. The feet of the shower chair came off in the shower and there are no safety mats or traction grips in the tub. The water is scalding hot when the setting is on lukewarm. The vending machine for the soda is unplugged and is empty. The ice machine doesn't work. The fridge doesn't get cold. You have to ask for more than one coffee. The parking lot floods.
