Americas Best Value Inn Carrollton
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel. Manager/ I think owner was extremely nice! And almost always there, if you need help. Spent two weeks there while I was waiting to get my place set up. Clean, spacious, comfortable rooms. And very quiet. Offer breakfast in the mornings. Not just donuts and muffins. Cleaning ladies are very friendly, and again... Quiet. Would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling through the area, looking for a good nights sleep. Pizza hut next door. Gas station next to that. Can walk to both. And plenty of other places just up the road. 
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is older and worn in but well maintained. The room and sheets were clean and the front desk helpful. Pizza Hut right next door is convenient.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great hotel for more reasons than one. Max, the owner is super accommodating. The rooms are nice and clean. And the prices are really reasonable. I travel all over the country and this place has been one of my most enjoyable stays..
Rating: 1
Text: I had an unacceptable experience with this hotel. See my exchange with their customer service below:

My complaint:  
I received a call from this establishment (from a blocked number) on 6-24-17 saying I had a reservation for that night, and the gentleman asked if I would be showing for the reservation or not. I live no where near this town, and I have no plans or reasons to have made a hotel reservation in this town. My credit card had recently been stolen, so I immediately became alarmed. I asked additional questions, and the card used to make this reservation was, indeed, the card that was previously stolen. As I became more alarmed, I asked additional questions: information on the hotel, the card number, and the gentleman's name. He said his name was Max, but he refused to give his last name, stating, "That's all you need to know." He also repeatedly referred to me as "Sweetie, " and insisted I was going to be charged for the room. "Max" continued to become very combative and offensive. He then told me to, "Go fly a kite," as a way of saying "Go f yourself, " then he hung up on me. I immediately googled the hotel name, called back, and he answered with the standard greeting adding, "I already talked to you." I asked to speak to the manager, he said the manager wasn't there, and he would not be in until Wednesday, June 28th. After I got off this call, I called my bank, and they confirmed this card is still turned off and any additional charges would be declined. I called on the 28th, and a female answered. When I asked to speak with the manager, she stated he stepped out for an hour. I called back in an hour, and the same gentleman I spoke with on the 24th answered. I was able to recognize his voice as he has a foreign accent. This time, he stated his name was "Rahmesh." I asked to speak with a manager, and he said the manager would not be in until the following week. He offered to take my name and message. At this point, I suspected he was not allowing me access to the manager. He also became increasingly combative, again saying I was being "ridiculous". He repeatedly called me "Sweetie, " and I asked him to not call me that as it is very offensive. He then pretended to lose connection and hung up on me again. Unless I get some follow up from the manager of this hotel, I am considering contacting the police regarding this establishment that is in possession of a stolen credit card. I also am considering contacting the Better Business Bureau due to their seemingly illegal activities and gross employee misconduct.

His response: 
We had a reservation for jessica for 06/26/17 2 nights. We have her name, add ,phone # and credit card #.my reason for calling was to see if she needed her room so i could rent it out for we were over booked for that evening.when i called i clearly stated my name properties name and location and greated my customer very politely.when i told her about her 2 day reservation at the property she clearly called me a liar which i did not appreciate .i then explained her i have no reason to lye about a customers reservation.i was only wanting to know if she will be needing her room that was reserved under her name. then she wanted to know my name my position where im calling from my last name etc. etc. as if i stole her card..i was trying to explain her we have no way or time to make up reservations on customers names. i have a confirmation printed on this reservation which i could proof to verify. This has been a situation of a huge misunderstanding.so very sorry for the misunderstanding.
Rating: 5
Text: Solid place, owner is fantastic...would stay here again...just an fyi, no pets or muddy boots!
