Ameristar Casino Resort Spa St. Charles
Rating: 4
Text: Spacious and comfortable rooms!  House keeping was slow to get to our room on the end of the hallway, however, very accommodating. Prices in the food service places were higher than expected for a hotel/casino! 
Main observation and complaint -  from the multilevel parking garage it was necessary to take an elevator down to the lobby level, and then take another elevator up to the room?  Rather impractical, and somewhat annoying.  Additionally - of the 6 or 8 elevators installed for the hotel, at many times only two (2) were available, thereby creating a longer than necessary wait!!!  The water fountain at the entrance to the casino was well engineered and quite beautiful, and fun to observe!
Rating: 5
Text: It's a gorgeous Casino and Hotel. Everything looks high-class and very contemporary. There was always something to look at or an amenity to enjoy. Lots of casino games, restaurants, night clubs. Also a good hotel to stay at to take a weekend away with kids.
Rating: 4
Text: I have always maintained that life is too short for cheap booze, cheap cigars, cheap food and especially cheap hotels. We deserve the finer things especially when it comes to vacation or away from home lodging. 

I have no idea how old the Ameristar Casino and adjoining hotel are, but it feels brand new. 

Now, I’m no gambler. In fact, I never even spent a dime in the casino during my stay. In fact, I was only on the Casino because I made a wrong turn while looking for the room where my Conference was being held. 

So, this review is not about the casino. Though, I’m sure it’s sufficient. 

This review is about the hotel. It’s GORGEOUS. Seriously, the owners of this place really spent some coin on the design and execution of the customer experience. The moment you walk into the lobby, you feel the opulence of the place. From the soaring ceilings, to the modern appointments, you feel like you’re in a refined place. 

Then you get to your room, and that is anything but disappointing. Wow is all I can say. 

I stayed in room 508 on the Spa and Pool level. You walk in and feel like you’re in luxury. The bathroom is HUGE with a double granite vanity, large soaking tub and separate shower, and water closet. It even houses one of the three flat screen TV’s in the room, just in case you have to have TV while, “doing your business.”  Very cool. 

Next, is a very nice oversized King bed with averagely appointed pillows and duvet. 

Then, you step down into a lovely and spacious living area with couch, and two nice chairs. My room overlooked the river which again was a nice touch. 

This is a special hotel and at $119 / night for my group, I just don’t know where you’d find better while in St Louis. Throw in the casino, a few really cool on site bars and restaurants, and a really elegant conference facility, and this place is even more special. 

Give it a try. You’ll be impressed.
Rating: 4
Text: Came for the daughters birthdays.  Check in was very fast and friendly.  (Was not informed of the tight hours for swimming for minors)  Had we known they would have no time to swim we would have gone some place else for the amount of $$ that was spent.  

I did change our rating from a 2 to a 4.  When we talked to the front desk the lady gave us a extra hour to check out.  When we went down to swim this morning there was a lady that got us our bands to swim and she was amazing,  probably one of the sweetest and most thoughtful person that we ran into during our stay.
Rating: 1
Text: So, where to begin came across this casino as we where traveling through the town since it was a casino we thought it be easy to just stop and play and have some drinks, we arrived to where the semi parking is located and. Realized they don’t even have a vehicle service for truckers, my partner is handicap and have never been disrespected so horribly not just by the staff after spending more than $400 at this location we realized that after they promised they would send a car to help take us back, to our truck but they had refused to do what was promised so. Not only where they rude, lack customer service. But it took them more than expected to have them send a car, we ended up paying a taxi guy after the long Wait. I have  called several times to let them know what I was told. We where Rudely told to “oh well!! Your just going to have to walk!” After they new their was a handicap individual with us!! Never again will I stop to this location after all that!! I mean horrible !!
