Americas Best Value Inn & Suites - Kansas City/Downtown
Rating: 2
Text: The place is relatively clean.  Staff is friendly. 

I'm not a smoker, but unfortunately all they had left was a smoking room. 

Room that I had was clean, however, lighting connected to the front door switch is very dim. You have to turn on all lights in the room to get decent lighting. Bathroom looks like it was just patched. There were cigarette burn marks on the tub. It needs remodeling. 

The beds were firm and the sheets clean, however, one of the blankets had a stain or burn. Like some one tried to iron on the blanket or dropped nail polish. There was an iron but but no ironing board. 

Internet is available, but it is always slow. Connection sometimes drops. This would not be an ideal place if you are trying to get work done. 

Not a bad place, but not great. If you want simple and functional just to rest, this place is not bad. You want more amenities or luxury, you are better off looking somewhere else. 

You get what you pay for.
Rating: 2
Text: It's in the middle of town, and that's about all it has going for it.  The blinds were broken and didn't open, nor did they they close.  The light woke us up earlier than we hoped, but it at least got us on the road sooner than planned.  The shower is tiny.  If you're taller than 5' you'll struggle to shower.  There's close to no water pressure either, so if you have any hair you'll struggle to wash it.  The toilet clogged, apparently a constant issue due to piping problems.  It's a 2 star hotel, but it's not really priced like one.  The staff was nice enough, and it is conveniently located, and there's the only reason this place isn't getting a 1 star review
Rating: 2
Text: The AC' s unplugged? Oh, the outlet plug is melted.  News during dinner? Nope. The cable went out... Next morning: Oh God, is that foundation makeup on the bath towell?  Really? the clock at the entrance isn't working either?  Of course, why would I expect both bedside lamps to work? How is this place $105? And I booked one week in advance! F** k that place.
Rating: 3
Text: Location is pretty great- 2.6 miles from Sprint Center. Uber was just 8 bucks from hotel to venue. The hotel itself is not a joy. Our non-smoking room had clearly been smoked in regularly. Room smelled like mildew. Almost no water pressure to shower. A/C on the second floor seemed to be out, although the unit in the room did work. All that being said, for an affordable place to crash for a show at Sprint Center, this place does the job.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice friendly service and clean rooms. Got in on a Saturday night and they had rooms available. After taxes the room was $89 so really affordable for the area.
