Americas Best Value Inn & Suites Benton Harbor
Rating: 2
Text: Is a decent place not bad to take the kids. Rooms don't have hot tubs but there is a pool and hot tub in a community area. Free breakfast is just cold cereal juice milk and toast nothing too spectacular or to brag about. They do offer weekly rates and this is one of the more affordable rooms off the highway. Staff is not always that friendly. Also there is a lot of known prostitution here so it's best for adult company we don't want to subject our children to this or our husbands for that matter!
Rating: 4
Text: It's a fun place with a nice pool and a diverse crowd that's good for the price. But this is not your fancy perfect place. It's also pet friendly which helped us. My family has returned and had a good time. It's also next to Sonic and down the street from basic restaurants.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice place , clean , friendly staff, close to highway, 5 min away from beach, swimming pool, ample parking, convenience store, Gas station, Restaurants, shopping, value for money
Rating: 1
Text: Didn't have enough pillows, towels, bugs smashed on walls, microwave definitely not cleaned and sliding glass doors busted. Was given a room that wasn't even cleaned and breakfast consisted of bread and cereal from walmart. It's a shame with better owners and staff that place could be amazing.
 
Rating: 1
Text: Roaches in our rooms, we had a joining room and one of the main doors didn't have a lock for the first 3 days had to use  the other room door they refused to give us another room till they could fix it! The pool is the only thing it has going! She wouldn't let us cancel our rooms without charging us a huge portion of what the room was for the week... we will never return to this hotel they didn't fix anything while we were there and the lady said that we broke the lock after being there for two min it wasnt even locked the whole time the second room had cum no joke on the picture on the wall the air didn't work in the rooms they had cum on the floor next to the bed
