Americas Best Value Inn & Suites Macon
Rating: 4
Text: This motel was a nice little getaway from the storm we were experiencing when riding motorcycles. It's a little bit out of the way and maps actually doesn't have the correct drive so don't drive past the entrance. It has an outdoor pool that they take good care of. Breakfast was petty good for such a small place. They did have a hot breakfast of biscuits and gravy, and assorted pastries. They had hot coffee that was petty good. It's a pretty modest place but you can tell that the ownership really try to keep it up. The staff were all very friendly and helpful! 
Rating: 1
Text: Looked fine until we moved the pillow and saw a pile of dead bugs. Not bed bugs, just bugs. Then we pulled back the top sheet and saw a few little legs and tentacles of some sort.  We started looking around the room after this and noticed little carcasses here and there on the floor. They have a sign at the front that says "NO REFUNDS". Would a decent hotel feel the need to have a sign like that?  The people running it were nice and came in and changed the sheets and apologized but I couldn't sleep well knowing I may or may not be in a bug infested room.  If the room was at all discounted after this I would have given it  a better rating.
Rating: 1
Text: I'm not sure where they found the pictures of he room they have posted, but this definitely was NOT the room they gave us. We were there maybe an hour before we had to just cut our losses and leave. Have you ever seen the movie vacancy...... yeah that was this hotel. One wall was plywood. There were holes drilled into the walls and furniture. I feel as though I got lung cancer walking into the room, and that was still after I used a whole bottle of air freshener, mind you I'm a smoker and was still disgusted by it. The ac unit was broke. The bathroom was disgusting. Bugs all over. Do NOT book here. Although me and the friend I was will had full service we were unable to call out, asthough there was a block on our phones, and the room phone was nothing but static and cut out when we would pick it up. The beds were stained. The "no refund" sign should have been a warning. As a couple of girls in our mid 20s we honestly did not feel safe there. I'm not exaggerating. Please don't bring your precious families here. I wish I could give negative stars.
Rating: 3
Text: Friendly staff, room clean. Remote for tv never worked even after changing batteties, no microwave  in room as picture shows. Good stay for cost.
Rating: 3
Text: Clean, inexpensive, comfortable beds, 

Really dated bathroom, poor air quality, and junk food breakfast
