AmericInn Hotel & Suites Omaha
Rating: 4
Text: The AmericInn was a very nice place to stay overnight on our way through Omaha. It is conveniently located near the highway with easy access to the Westroads mall and just a short drive from some great food. My wife and I drove a short distance to Benson and had a great meal at Benson Brewery and dessert down the street at Ted and Wally's. The rate we got for the night was very good. The amenities could be a little updated but for the rate and location we were satisfied.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms are clean. Beds are comfortable and plenty of pillows. Reasonably sized rooms. Strange that the thermostat only went down to 67. Would have been nice to be cooler. Breakfast was hot and simple but a nice variety. This is the first time I've stayed at this chain, but I was pleasantly surprised. We would definitely consider this chain again especially as it's a little cheaper than other chains.
Rating: 3
Text: My husband and our 9 month old stayed here. Close to the mall and nice restaurants and right off dodge road so you can hear some traffic. The original room we were suppose to be in smelt musty and the A/C cover was off and laying on the floor. We called the front desk and they were nice and moved us to another room which was better. The shower pressure was strong but needed a different shower head, it was like too strong when water hits your face. We enjoyed the pool (on the smaller end) and the hot tub. We didn't need a fancy hotel, but next time we will pay more for something a little nicer. Overall it was decent for the price.
Rating: 5
Text: Great location 
Westroad Mall hotel off of Dodge Street 
Lot of places to eat and have fun. 
Nebraska Furniture Mart very close to the hotel.
Nice lobby, very nice and comfy rooms
Nice Pool and very relaxing hottub.Very impressed
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed here about two weeks ago. Everything was fine aside from the bathroom light not working. We were only there for two nights so I kept a majority of my stuff in my luggage bags to make it easier for when we checked out/left on Monday morning. On Sunday morning, i left a few of my cosmetics on the desk and left the hotel at 10AM. When I returned at about 9-10PM, I went to gather/pack up all of my things to be ready for the morning when noticed I had about $60 worth of my things missing. I checked everywhere and never found them. I went to the front desk and explained the situation. He said they have never had a reported theft. I said it's possible the cleaning crew may have thrown away my things (why would they do that...?) and he responded by saying they "probably haven't thrown the trash out" from my floor yet and that "they could look to see if they find it". Ok... that's kind of gross. When I unpacked my things when I returned home, i saw that even more of my stuff had gone missing, in total about $100 worth. I'm a makeup artist and have inventory of the products I own. They're expensive and things that I need. I am now out $100. I called the hotel three separate times trying to speak to a manager (was never contacted about house-keeping "looking through the garbage", either). The front desk worker wrote down my number because the manager "was in but wasn't at her desk" but she would call me back. It's been a week and i've heard nothing. 

You'd think that for a hotel that has no reported cases of theft, they'd take theft accusations somewhat seriously. But it's no wonder there's no reported cases, they won't even get back to you so you can report it. 

I would never stay there again. Never. Especially with how his was handled.
