AmericInn Hotel & Suites Salina
Rating: 2
Text: I stayed there in Oct., 2017.  Customer service was very good.  Although the cost is low, I still have expectations and the physical elements of the hotel left things to be desired.  The carpet felt yucky and the bottoms of my CLEAN white socks were black after walking on the carpet a bit.  The little arm chair had filthy upholstery - enough so I didn't want to sit in it. Cleanliness in bathroom could have been MUCH better.  Black mold stuff at bottom of water handle in tub.  Tub didn't drain - water well - water up over ankles during shower.  Bed was made haphazardly, the mattress was lumpy and uncomfortable.  The blanket under the spread (appeared to be down alternative) was also lumpy and I had to provide my own from my car.  NO ELEVATOR, even though I was told there was one when I made the reservation.  Luckily, I was on the 1st floor!  On the plus side: there were a small fridge and microwave - both of which were unexpected.  I asked if they had them when I made the reservation, and was told no.  Don't plan on staying again if I can avoid it!
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed one night September 2017. The room was clean, the receptionist was so nice and the next day we realized my friend had left her earrings she had had for 45 years and  meant a lot to her. They've offered to mail them to her and she'll see them again! So nice! We highly recommend!
Rating: 4
Text: Clean rooms, very comfy beds, hot, hot water for shower or bath! Breakfast could have been better. Overall, nice experience!
Rating: 5
Text: For the price range this hotel is great!  Nice breakfast options, but I do wish they had sausage/eggs.  The make your own waffle station is very neat!  The pool is on the smaller side, and the site we booked at didn't say anything about a hot tub so that was an unexpected bonus!  The rooms are fairly clean, though one of the two we booked does not have very good water pressure.  The staff is friendly and we are enjoying our stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean rooms. Clean bathrooms. Biscuits for breakfast were hot and fresh. A little off the highway past the trashy motels. The room was cheaper here than at the first few motels and worth every penny. Pleasant staff.
