AmericInn Lodge & Suites Newton
Rating: 5
Text: Pretty good AmericInn. Location was right off 80, across from a Loves/McDonald's. Rooms were clean and fairly standard. Service was good. Staff was polite. Small bar on site with BOGO beer, and good frozen pizza. Would stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Great staff. Fresh cookie at the desk. Hot tub. Nice pool with late hours. Fridge in room. Good breakfast. Small bar with wine and beer; Had some wine while kids swam. Clean lobby and room. Comfortable beds. One of the better hotel we have used off I-80. We will stay there again for sure.
Rating: 4
Text: This is a nice hotel. We like to stay here when in the area. Clean, large, and quiet rooms. Helpful staff. Easy to get on and off the expressway to travel the local area.
Rating: 5
Text: We were in town on business and spent the night at Americinn Lodge, Newton. Iowa.  From the minute we arrived, a couple hours before 3 pm check in, we were greeted by Nina who was most accommodating.   The room was clean and neat, beds comfy, breakfast yummy.  Our 2nd day, after we had checked out thinking our business in Newton was done, found us late in the day looking to stay another night.  Once again Nina was most understanding of our dilemma and got us checked back in quickly to alleviate some of our stress.  Would absolutely recommend Americinn in Newton and will definitely be on our list of best hotels and staff.
Rating: 1
Text: Traveling with my wife and 2 young kids. We got the suite-type room with hide-a-bed sofa. The sofa looked like it had been pulled out of a dumpster. There was a good-sized larvae bug which we thought was dead but actually alive and crawling in the hide-a-bed mattress. The mattress itself was covered in stains, some of which were brown like dried blood. Fast food garbage under the hide-a-bed. Gross!!! Talked to desk clerk, who of course has no authority and can't get ahold of manager.

Also, unlike modern hotels, you must go to the front desk if you want ice. No ice machine on floors.

Keep driving!
