Americas Best Value Inn Mount Vernon
Rating: 1
Text: No internet working.  Bathtub is worn out.  Bed told a queen...it is full.  Smells like wet dogs.  Heart failure diagnoses and newly replaced hip.... of course only 2nd floor rooms open.  Grrr not worth the few dollars saved
Rating: 5
Text: The desk lady was nice and informative. The breakfast food was of decent quality and filling. The rooms were clean. Sheets were a bit scratchy in my opinion but sister liked them. All-in-all a good stay for the cost.
Rating: 1
Text: Well, I don't know where to start here. I was charged $147.00 for a night, it was the night after the eclipse. I was not an "eclipse" watcher, simply a traveler. When I asked why it was so expensive, the desk clerk said it was so busy with the eclipse people, they could charge "anything they wanted". They did that. Overcharged me because she said she "could". The main issue is: bed bugs. Yes, bed bugs. Ate us alive. We took another shower in the morning, but itched for the next 3 days, to California. I am going to take this up with corporate, no excuse for bed bugs. Never again.
Rating: 1
Text: I give this less then a one star! I arrived at 3:30 AM  being this late or early whichever you prefer I went in my room and crashed as I had been driving thru the night. The next day when I awoke I noticed how uncleanly my room was as it did not look like the room had been cleaned the tub was extremely dirty there was some dirty towels, I will not go into details as it might scare all your guess away. Needless to say it is very unfortunate to have this experience nor do I have a desire to stay again. I hope that you take my review serious and see to it that the rooms are at or above standard for the next guess to come.
Rating: 3
Text: I couldn't contact the front desk to inquire about how to access the WIFI. I called several times without anyone answering. The TV was difficult to navigate. Unending channel surfing instead of a decent on screen program guide. $79 before taxes for a few hours sleep. The air-conditioning was right next to the bed and woke me up when it kicked on throughout the night. On an up-note, the room was clean and the front desk people were nice... if only they'd answer their phone!
