AmericInn Lodge & Suites Stuart
Rating: 1
Text: The hotel looks new,, that's why we picked it compared to other options at this exit on the highway. Clean and pretty lobby and friendly staff at check in . There was a cockroach on the wall when I turned on the light by the sink . In the morning there was a bug on its back on the bathroom floor. Small beetle like. I told the staff at the desk when we left in the morning and she argued with me. That is why I am posting . I thought if I told your staff quietly it would prevent your next guest from this experience.
Rating: 4
Text: Very Nice!  VERY NICE!  GREAT PEOPLE!  Oversized vehicle parking!   Did I mention this is a VERY NICE Hotel?  How about the staff?  YEP!  GREAT STAFF!  Very enjoyable stay!  GREAT PRICE!  Should have given them a 5 Star rating... But, while it IS very Nice, it's just not a 5 Star Hotel.  It IS Very Nice though.  I would recommend and, I WILL Stay Here Again!
Rating: 5
Text: Homey feel, coffee station available 24 hours a day, fresh-baked cookies you at the reception desk period what's not to love? Plus, the staff is amazing! Stephanie at the front desk found my son's favorite pool toy in the dirty towels basket of the pool area! She was next going to check the pool skimmers. She was determined to find that toy! :) another wonderful feature of this hotel is the flexibility of the staff. We were allowed to swim well past the time the pool normally closes. I was especially grateful for that because my three boys and I had been driving all day. We checked in at 9 and we're told we could swim until midnight if we wanted. I am going to try to plan our return trip so that we can stay here again. Oh! I almost forgot the delicious breakfast available in the morning. Many healthy choices for moms watching their weight as well as more indulgent choices for boys who burn calories easily.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice place. A little on the higher end of price for this location and quality. But it was nice having ample parking for a truck and trailer. The pool is open late, the breakfast is average. Would get 5 stars of the price were a little less
Rating: 4
Text: I like the chalet-style entrance. Some AmericInns have them some don’t. Typical AmericInn. Clean and neat.
