Americas Best Value Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Overall I was satisfied with my stay in this hotel. It was a budget friendly option on my way to see the solar eclipse. It was what I would expect from a hotel. The only part that was negative was that the ac in the room was extremely loud, I'm not used to that kind of noise and it made it difficult to sleep.
Rating: 2
Text: We stayed here last weekend while we were visiting family in Kentucky. We checked in late afternoon and by then we were ready to wind down. Not ten minutes after we got there, i went to use the bathroom and first thing i see is black hairs all over the floor especially around the tub and toilet. Personally i thought it looked like 'down under' hair. Sorry dont want to sound gross but its the truth. I immediately called the front desk and the woman apologized. She came up a few minutes later to clean it. I was feeding the baby so when she asked if i wanted to inspect it, i had my husband do it for me. He didnt have his glasses on so he said it looked fine, but shortly after i was done i went back to the bathroom. Still hair! so i didnt say anything else sense it was partly on my husband for not putting his glasses on. but there was also hair in the tub. So i just put a towel on the floor so that way we didnt have to walk on it. An hour or so later... my four year old is ready for bed and so is my five month old. Everyone is in their pjs. i go to pull back the sheets to tuck my daughter in on the bed closest to the window and imagine that, i find more hairs. And not just a couple... theres like fifty at least. Im beyond grossed out. Here i go calling the front desk again. They ask us if i want to switch rooms. My husband thinks we would risk the hassle of moving the kids and all our luggage just to run into the same problem of uncleanliness. So, we ask if she will just send up some new sheets/blankets. She shows up, doesnt even try to come in to get the nasty ones that are piled up in the floor, hands me the sheets and says shes sorry. No new thick blanket for my daughter to cover up with or anything. So we got the job of putting on clean sheets ourselves. We did our best to stay gone while we were in town. And only to come back for a place to sleep. I have been to this location in the past and Ive never had that big of an issue until this time. The cleanliness was not happening here. The floors were grungy looking in the bathroom aside from the pubes and the carpet was stiff and gross to even walk on. Im not a smoker so I could smell cigarette smoke throughout the hotel. It was like i was walking on the nicotine. We wore socks and or shoes the entire time. Only good thing i could give a star about was the breakfast and the pool. Pretty gross.
Rating: 1
Text: Smoking is allowed on second floor, which can be smelled ALL over the hotel. A live bug dropped from my bath towel when I grabbed it from the towel "shelf" over the toilet. Shower curtain reeked of mildew. All of my luggage smelled like cigarette smoke after leaving. Floors were extremely thin! I checked out early and went to a different hotel chain in Radcliff, so I could get sleep and a clean room! However, the beds were pretty comfortable and hotel staff was nice - just couldn't deal with the smoke, noise and bugs!
Rating: 4
Text: The lady at the front desk is the most wonderful person we ever meet. Every hotel must have somebody like her. She was the sunshine of our stay, helpfully, polite & smiley. The hotel and room were nice and clean. We had a good breakfasts whatever we were too late for it, they bring back food for us. Wonderful service! Definitely a place to stay again. We highly recommend this hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean facility and comfy beds. a nice sized mini fridge and micro wave
