Americas Best Value Inn & Suites Carbondale
Rating: 1
Text: The picture of the rooms doesn't do the room justice. There was no bedspread over the top cover, no art work on the wall, no microwave or iron or blow dryer, the furniture looks cheap and old,  the wooden door jam is cracked from having been broken into, the TV is very small, the restroom is small, the steps up to the second floor is poorly lit, but worst of all is if you check in after 11 you have to stand outside at a window. Pretty scary neighborhood so I understand why, but as a single woman I did not like it one bit! Customer safety should be important too! I would NEVER stay here again! I did not feel SAFE!!!!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: You walk in it smells like dog (there was a dog running around in the lobby) and the room was disgusting, white sheets were yellow, found two dead roaches on the floor (we took pictures of them and showed the front desk, which didn’t allow us to get a refund) would NOT recommend. Would give zero stars if possible
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great place to stay. All staff is friendly. Housekeeping goes out if their way to help guests even late at night. I highly recommend. A +
Rating: 1
Text: I wish I could give this place a negative! I will never make the mistake of staying here again.... I got there at 1 a.m. in the morning after driving for 5 hours.... My room smell like dog.... My refrigerator door would not shut because it needed defrosted.... They did not turn the air on for me..... After complaining about the refrigerator and not being able to put anything in it for the next morning they moved me to another room.... Which also was extremely hot by this time it's 1:45 in the morning.... I had to be up by 4 a.m. to go to the hospital with my sister who was having an autopsy for cancer.... I did not get to sleep until 3 a.m. in the morning..... So I got an hour sleep.... Both rooms I slept in stunk so bad! The website showed that it had a kitchenette in it neither room had a kitchenette in it..... It is in bad need of updating.. I will never make the mistake of saying here again....
Rating: 2
Text: Just okay. Only come here if you're in a tight spot and short on cash. Rooms were not in great shape and I got catcalled a couple times walking from my room to the office. Didn't feel very safe.
