Americas Best Value Inn & Suites Marion, IN
Rating: 3
Text: Not very happy. The room was relatively clean, the lobby was filthy. There was construction going on but it didn't affect our stay. There was no hot tub as advertised and the desk staff was very disinterested in being helpful. We asked for extra blankets, pillows and sheets as there were none in the room for the fold out sofa and we were given a very dirty, looked as though it was a personal pillow, a sheet that we could basically see through and two bed spreads as blankets. It all smelled of cigarette smoke. The breakfast staff was wonderful and breakfast was fine. We will not be staying there again.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice staff. Friendly. Very comfy bed. No bedbugs as in previous reviews!  AC works very well. Over all,  very happy with my stay.
Rating: 1
Text: Looks like a beautiful place to stay from the outside. We stayed here back in Nov 2016. We were greeted by young guys drinking alcohol right outside the front door. The girl running the front desk seemed far more interested in the rowdy guys than even being remotely courteous to my wife and I. The hotel was beautiful inside, aside from the pool room which was totally dismantled and obviously closed. We got to our room and it looked nice until I actually inspected the room. We unpacked and I began to do my usual room inspection. Mold was everywhere! I took pictures so I could show them, but no one cared! I have even tried to contact their corporate office and they acknowledged they received my complaint, but never got back with me. I wouldn't stay at one of these hotels even if you paid me. You can't operate a hotel when the rooms are covered in mold!
Rating: 2
Text: It could have been cleaner. Breakfast was lacking in food . no tissue in bathroom and half a roll of tp.  Doesn't go very far. .. It was a place to sleep .
Rating: 1
Text: Disgusting.  Very dirty and in need of updating.  Carpets are very dirty.  Around frig in room was utterly gross.  Breakfast was very skimpy.  Wouldn't stay there again.
