Americas Best Value Inn - Lincoln Airport
Rating: 3
Text: Value is a good name for it. It's not amazing, but for the price, you're getting a good deal. The rooms aren't bad, and the beds are fairly comfortable. It has one of the most unique shower designs I've seen. I'd recommend it if you're just looking for a place to stay and you aren't too picky.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could I would give this place 0 Stars. For starters the lady working the night shift behind the desk Wednesday September 27th was very unhelpful and made sure to display just how upset and inconvenienced she was when I awoke her from her nap in attempts to check in.  I was unable to hear just about everything she said despite the fact that I repeatedly told her I could not hear her while she mumbled under her breath through the glass safety window.   I wanted a room to get some sleep and informed her that I would only need it until about 1 p.m. when I would be hitting the road again.  Considering that it was approximately 3 a.m. when I was checking in I didn't foresee this as being a huge issue however I was informed that if I stayed past the normal check out time I would be charged for two nights.  At no time did she mention whether or not there was a late check-out option for maybe a few extra bucks.  I didn't ask but in my situation I wouldn't think that information shouldn't be withheld without being directly asked about it.  Me being the pushover that I am decided to give in anyways and go ahead and pay full price for a room I would only be able to stay in for less then 8 hours and was told I couldn't check in till 10 a.m.  at this point it was obvious that I wasn't getting a room at this hotel because an employee didn't want to do her job that she was being paid for.  So I ended up sleeping in my truck out in the parking lot because I was exhausted and extremely aggravated to the point where I didn't feel I could keep my composure and be polite to someone else in a different Hotel.  I never saw the inside of a room or the hallways however from the outside the place didn't look too bad the lobby was clean and well maintained and there was plenty of parking however throughout the night I did observe a lot of traffic coming and going and judging from the vehicles and some of the people I'm assuming that this Hotel is a popular spot for the local drug users and their suppliers.  I don't recommend this location to anybody and will never attempt to stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: 
---
Rating: On a 3 day trip to Lincoln, we chose here, for it was convenient and seemed to match our style. We came, it was confusing at first, but after we asked and the hosts researched, it was all clear. Main Room and Bathroom were clean, just the sink was old. I would recommend.
Rating: 1
Text: Two stars for a 2-star hotel. So first off I get here and I get charged $7 that I was made unaware of when I called before I even drove all the way out to Nebraska . I had specifically asked if you could check in early and was told I could. Then I don't get the room that I reserved, not complaining about the non-smoking room but I wanted a king bed. The room, it's got a busted alarm clock not a big deal but still kind of cheesy other than that it's decently clean. I guess I've got to give it props for the microwave in the refrigerator and does have a cool little LG TV so all in all not bad but not what I expected and didn't realize it was going to be a $53 room when I only paid $40 online not sure whether I'd recommend. Want my $7 back! 

Now after taking a shower before he depart for the Iron Maiden show in downtown Lincoln Nebraska at the Pinnacle Arena I've never taken a shower that took as long as the one I just took this place needs some serious help! Unacceptable you think there would be at least a little water pressure and it wouldn't take me an hour to take a simple shower?

 So I never got my $7 back and then upon check out the young lady at the counter would not stop and listen to my point of view on not being informed properly when I called ahead so I'm NOT recommending this hotel TO ANYONE EVER nor will I ever return to this hotel or motel or whatever you want to call it ?and then on top of that I just wanted to let everyone know that there is no pool? ? the pool is covered I guess it has a big crack in it and it doesn't look like they're making any effort to fix the pool and they were talking about possibly filling it in! So over all my experience wasn't that hot. If I can give it a quarter of a star less I would! Sorry guys might want to try a little harder next time for your out-of-staters! ? GO BUFFS! OH, almost forgot I really appreciated Adam moving me rooms from the room upstairs that had the broken shower but then upon getting the second room on the bottom floor the air conditioner broke so this hotel is going downhill quickly have a great day!
Rating: 4
Text: Good rates for what you get.  Whether it's a quick stay before hopping on a plane or just traveling thru.....you can't beat it!!
