Americas Best Value Inn - Blue Grass Airport (LEX)
Rating: 5
Text: Ok folks first off this hotel was only $65 per nite while Baymont was $250 and Holiday Inn Express was $145.  It is an older hotel but in the 60's and 70's folks would have thought this was a 4 star hotel.  We stayed 2 nites.  Yes I would stay here again. Rm # 105. No bugs of any kind. Very nice staff. WiFi. Free breakfast.  Yes the rooms were older and probably could use an update but this bore no consequence on our stay as we were only in the room to sleep.  We saved enough $ to be able to go to the ark encounter (50 miles away) and also to go on a steam engine train ride (5 miles away) and eat out (Godfather's,  Chipoltes, and Cheesecake Factory) plus pay for our gas to and from for what the same 2 nites at Baymont would have cost!!!!  No doubt this was a great choice for us. I should also mention that the manager upgraded our room from a double to a king.  Bed was the most comfortable that I have slept on in traveling for years!
Rating: 2
Text: Sticky carpet. Beer bottle cap in floor. Dirt dripping down bathroom walls after shower.  But bedding seemed clean and they had hot water.  
Rating: 1
Text: Bed was ok and did not expect a super clean or modernized room for the price so I was satisfied until returning for the second night and NO MAID SERVICE!. Had to go and get new towels and coffee paks from the office.
No cleaning, linens, etc.
Even at a reduced rate, DO NOT STAY HERE!
Rating: 1
Text: room smelled. Vending equipment was out of service. Room ceiling was cracking and peeling. Too many problems for the price they charge!
Rating: 1
Text: I wish they had the option to not give any stars!! The hotel room we had still had black finger prints on the bathroom door, the bathroom was so disgusting that we actually chose not to shower that night, sheets didn't even fit the bed and kept sliding off ,  and the worse part was we found a bed bug when getting out of bed in the morning!!! I do realize that is always a risk when staying at a hotel,  however,  we called the front desk to inform them of the bed bug and they handled it rather poorly.  They didn't even apologize! They also didn't sound surprised about it at all, I truly believe they already knew about the problem!!! Not impressed what so ever!!! Would rather sleep in my car and would never go back there...
