Americas Best Value Inn & Suites Terre Haute
Rating: 2
Text: I was traveling with some my college students on the way to Kansas and stayed here on the way to and on the return trip.  We choose it because of the cost and the reviews I read seemed agreeable.  We had 4 rooms both times and the first time we only had hot water in 1 of the 4 rooms. On the way back we had 3 out of 4 rooms have hot water.  I complained about this and was given a 20% discount, and the explanation that it gets like this when they are near capacity.  Poor excuse!  The one group of students had to switch rooms on the return trip because the bathroom hadn't been cleaned and it smelled like urine. The bathroom in the lobby was really nasty in the evening and told them about it and so they put an out of order sign on it.  the sign was still there the next morning.
Rating: 1
Text: I’m a wide ranging business traveler and with a wide rang of hotels that I’ve had to use over the past 40 years of my career, I know that hotel problems that they over look from time to time.	
	This hotel, however is most decidedly the worst experience I have encountered. First I booked a two room suite, had FIRM confirmation in hand, but the check in failed miserably.  Received a one king size bed when I was traveling with my daughter. No room for a rollaway bed. Had to change room AGAIN.
	Ended up in a small room with two twin size beds, BUT, there were small red ants crawling all over the beds and bathroom. As if that wasn’t bad enough, being a electrical engineer and an IT engineer, I inspected the electrical outlets by the water sources to find they were unsafe  do to the fact they were not  GFCI outlets. By electrical code …”WHAT CODE?”
	I could go on with further negative experience with this property, but if this isn’t enough to keep people away, nothing will be.
	In closing I would like to thank Holly at the front desk for understanding my outrage and making sure that I was not charged. With that behind us, we checked into a Days Inn across the lot, although  it was a much older property, it was clean and comfortable. The moral of the experience is that this business traveler  will NEVER attempt a stay at ANY Americas Best Value Inn again. In a word  ATROCIOUS!
Rating: 5
Text: TammyJo~ Feb.03,2012. We were traveling  from KY to WI, I was escorting my Wounded Warrior home and as we got into Terre Haute I just was to tired to drive anymore. We stopped at several hotels on this block who said they were not renting rooms that night because they were saving the rooms for the early Superbowl rush the next day because Indianapolis was already full!  We even pleaded that we would be out by 0900 AM.  We went to  Americas Best and explained the same thing to the lady at the desk, that we would be there just for the night. She was very kind and supportive agreeing that I should stop if was to tired..(.the other Hotel's didn't care!)  America's Best even gave us a regular rate instead of the Superbowl rate saving us a CONSIDERABLE amount!!  The room was very clean, bedding, curtains, and carpets. For a pet friendly hotel, you could never tell a pet had been through there and I never smelled any evidence of smoking.  Everything worked, fridge, microwave, hair dryer and TV. Even the remote had been sanitized.  Throughout the night the front desk was very helpful and attentive to all our needs. We were told there was no need to leave early, and that regular check out time was fine.They had plenty of time to get the rooms clean. I really cannot find any faults.   In my opinion they ARE America's Best!  I will stay again in the future and highly recommend to others!
Rating: 5
Text: We booked on line and all that was remaining was a smoking room. We are serious non smokers and a bit concerned. Upon arrival the desk person found another N/S room and changed it for us. Room was clean, quiet and beds comfortable. Room had a sm refrig which was very noisy but we just unplugged it. Hair dryer did not work but not a big issue. Breakfast  was standard fare. I would stay here again and found it to be a good value for the money. 
Rating: 2
Text: myself and numerous others booked rooms and were cut deals on prices for extended week long stays for this past week at Americas Best and I wouldnt say its "Best" by any means.. Although the price deals were honered, those of us that paid with a credit card or a debit card incured numerous "unwarrented charges" that management couldn't tell us what they were for because they werent itemized and we were also charged severe overages into the hundreds of dollars amounts each. When attempting to correct these issues management was none too willing to cooperate to resolve this. It's been 5 days since and no action by Americas Best yet has been taken... just excuses given. As for the rooms: some had no working t.v.'s, others had exposed wireing in the outlets, some had no G.F.I. outlets, some had shower faucets that were not fully functional, and rooms were overbooked. I came into my room one day to find my sheets had been changed and the new ones were quite blood stained... after an extensive arguement with a spanish woman who spoke broken english that tried to explain "they clean..only stain"... while rubbing her hand over the stain and her cussing me in spanish ( I habla espaniol mucho) I got my sheets changed.  Too bad this all happened and is the truth, perhaps now this wont happen to others, or they'll get new owners/management.
