Americas Best Value Inn Lake St. Louis
Rating: 1
Text: Friendly staff, horrible experience and horrible management. We stayed here for 10 days for business. The water was turned off an entire day during our stay, due to hotel water main break  (no bathroom, no shower, no ice, no clean linens/towels) and I missed an important day of work due to their issues. Management told me that they are willing to take $5 off for the day! What a joke! I was stuck in the room with no restroom, no service, nothing to drink. What happened to real customer service? Horrible experience!
Rating: 1
Text: RUDE. INCONSIDERATE. INAPPROPRIATE. I wish I could give negative 5 stars.

Worst experience ever. Stinky rank cigarette smoke filled smelling room. Gum on the walls. Dirty floors. Brown stains on the bathroom door. (Ew) Stained pillow cases and sheets, looked like the sheets hadn't been changed since last person. So cheap they patched their sheets instead of getting replacement... This place hasn't been cared for since it was built.

 Traveling and checked in at this inn around 2am to get some rest before hitting the road again for another day of driving... 

My spouse and our service animals were woken up by loud obnoxious knocks on the door at 8am! That means we had less than 6 hours of sleep.

Check out is at 11am! 

When we answered the door an inconsiderate rude old white woman asked one question, "are you going to check out?" 

Bewildered at this question due to the early hour and barely sleeping due to not getting there till 2am, I don't answer this question since I was just woken up rudely! 

Since I don't answer she says, "I'll come back later." 

WHAT!?! You better not come back later. What kind of place wakes you up hours before you're supposed to check out to ask if you're checking out?! What the hell kind of service is that?! 

So we call the front desk immediately after this odd interaction with a staff member and say, "what time is check out?" 

They say, "11am" 

I say, "that's what I thought, I was just woken up at 8am and asked if I was going to check out" 

They say "well she's just doing her job"

 I say "that's ridiculous" and hung up.

They did not apologize for the unprofessional inquiring at an early hour, they did not apologize for irritating myself and my family, they did not do anything to make the situation right.

We couldn't fall back asleep so we left.

When we went into the office to check out, a staff member asked, "were you the one that was woken up?" 

I say, "yes"

She says, "I apologize, she shouldn't have done that." 

But on the phone this lady didn't apologize and said "she was just doing her job"

So which is it? Was she doing her job or should she not have done that? Are you genuinely sorry or are you avoiding fixing the situation? 

What kind of job is it to knock on people's doors early in the morning hours before check out just to ask if they're checking out?!
 
We always stay here when we come to visit our mother and this is the last time we ever stay here. 

We deserved a partial refund at the least but could barely get an apology. 

Work on your customer service, common sense, and respect for other human beings investing into your company to fulfill their basic human needs of shelter and rest.
Rating: 1
Text: The management of this place is highly unprofessional. I got a non smoking room for the night, which was overpriced to begin with. The place look sketchy, even from the highway. After inspecting the room and finding sweat stains on the pillowcases and sheets along with cigarette burns on the comforter, I demanded a refund. My card was ran again to be refunded but after checking by bank statement, the amount was withdrawn for a second time rather than being refunded. After two months of phone tag and not being able to directly speak with the owner, I still have not been fully refunded. I will now be taking this up through corporate and get legal assistance. I'm honestly amazed this business is still open. I highly do NOT recommend staying here.
Rating: 3
Text: It was a clean room that you sleep in. It looked a little grimy but I felt like it was still clean. Hotel staff were very friendly. You definitely get what you pay for but it works for a short overnight stay.
Rating: 4
Text: It was a suitable place to stay. The room was clean. The shower was strong. The bar next door was pretty convenient.
