AmericInn of Cedar Rapids
Rating: 5
Text: Great value! Affordable yet clean, quiet and comfortable. Very friendly and helpful staff. Quick check-in. Nice lounge area in lobby. Nice pool and hot tub that are open until 10 for the kids and midnight for adults. You definitely get your money's worth!
Rating: 1
Text: I am an incredibly frustrated bride. I had called and talked to AmericInn 4 times between last November and June (right before the wedding). I called to set everything up, make sure the rooms were good to go, and then I called the Tuesday before my wedding to ensure that everything still looked good and that our complementary room was still available. The night of our wedding, my husband and I got to the hotel at 2:30am and were very poorly greeted by the front desk lady. She went on to inform us, that no, we didn't have a complementary room and that our guests were paying $15-20 above the rate we were promised. We asked if there was anything she could do to help us, and we got a no. She did not have a care in the world that the accommodations that we were promised were not available. This was the reason I talked to the hotel 4 times through the 6 month span and 4 days before the wedding... to avoid this. We ended up not staying at the hotel that night. The customer service from AmericInn's end stood out to me as the absolute worst part customer service that I have ever received at a hotel, and that will stick with me. I have called twice after the wedding and talked with 2 different managers. I have not received any information back regarding why this happened.
Rating: 4
Text: We were very happy with our room! From the start the staff was very nice. Room was clean and had a nice view. The only issues were very minor inconveniences. The fridge in our room had a high pitch squeal whenever it kicked on and the fan in the bathroom did not work. Again, minor inconveniences. Although the room was very nice it felt a little pricey. Overall very happy!!!
Rating: 1
Text: They failed to successfully book our airport shuttle.  We almost missed our flight for vacation, and they are not willing to make it right despite them admitting it was their error.  I won't be staying here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was great - fireplace and hot tub, everything was clean. Wish we could rotate the tv towards the hot tub. Had a hard time finding the ice machine. Nice quiet room, good service, breakfast was decent. Overall very happy and would come back!
