Americas Best Value Inn Centralia
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel staff is kind and super knowledgeable about the area. They're compassionate to the homeless around the area by giving them coffee and breakfast in the morning. They're concerned about the people who stay there if they haven't seen them in a while. It's more like home than a hotel. I felt cared for while there and would recommend it to anyone who is staying in town overnight. The staff sets the hotel apart from the others in the area.
Rating: 1
Text: I will never in my life stay in the hotel again. The breakfast consist of nasty donuts stale cereal and bagels. The pool was broke but didn't get told that until after we paid for our hotel. When asked for our money back we was told we can leave but the owner won't give us our money back. Our shower head has 3 lines of water coming out and the pressure is so hard it hurts to even shower. I was told I could take my kids to the pool room and give them a shower. The lady at the front desk said the maintenance guy would be in but no guarantee he will even come fix my shower. If I could give this place a 0 I would I will never ever come here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Terrible!!!!   Tried to make reservation by phone. Man could not speak English. It took 23 minutes to give him my name. When we got there, I told the desk clerk I wanted to pay for all 3 rooms. It took 35 minutes to pay. She made me pay for each room.
The rooms were ok.  The pool for the grandkids had been closed for a while. The ceiling had fallen and the water was green.
Their breakfast was stale donuts, bagels, bitter tasting cream cheese.  No coffee, did have orange and Apple juice. Cost $72per room.    Never staying there again!!!!!
Rating: 3
Text: It's under new management who are working on upgrading the motel. The room was clean and comfortable. There was a refrigerator and coffee maker in the room. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The area is safe with CVS and Walgreens right across the street.
Rating: 4
Text: I'm giving them 4 stars because each time I stay there they have added improvements, the hotel is clean as is the swimming pool, the owners are friendly and helpful as was their staff.
I will stay again when in the area.
