Ameristar Casino Hotel Council Bluffs
Rating: 3
Text: We drove 2 1/2 hours to the Ameristar for our Anniversary. We spent some time in the casino which was a nice and entertaining experience. We wanted to enjoy a nice dinner together for our Anniversary and chose the Heritage Buffet. We were greeted pleasantly, seated in a nice location and instructed to go ahead and enjoy the buffet. Off of our first plate, the fried chicken was mislabeled and was SPICY which we could not eat. The carrots were not even warm. It was an almost instant disaster.  We did get one piece of actual fried chicken that was good and the desert bar was fine as well.  Maybe on another day the Heritage Buffet would have been OK, but on this day, it was not a pleasant experience.  Rick & Lori
Rating: 5
Text: Best place to stay and play if you want to experience a very positive and uplifting environment! (Even when you're down on your luck) Great customer satisfaction! As well as a spectacular valet service, and crew along with the front desk personnel! I've enjoyed myself every time I've gone to this place, winning or losing. So awesome job & thank you to everyone at Ameristar Casino Hotel for making every visit feel like I am a valued guest! Keep up the good work! 👏
Rating: 5
Text: Had the buffet on prime rib and crab leg night. Food was wonderful. Then went and lost some money in the casino. Overall a great night!
Rating: 4
Text: The best casino in Council Bluffs. Their food seems better than Horseshoe or Harrah's, which are the two other competing casinos in the region. I also enjoy how the casino on the riverboat has three levels. The main floor is kind of loud, so if you would prefer to play slots and have a drink in the quiet there are two other floors to go to. I'd give it an additional star if they would ditch some of their dumb carnival card games and have another roulette table.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel room was pretty nice. Housekeeping was good. Only two things I didn't like was there is no complementary breakfast and no microwave in room. I loved that we were able to use the pool area and fitness that is shared with holiday inn but we couldn't eat their breakfast. Belles restaurant was really good and I would recommend it. We stayed 3 days and all and all enjoyed ourselves. Hot water and room was boiling. View of river by pool was pretty and peaceful
