Americas Best Value Inn - Fairview Heights/St. Louis East
Rating: 3
Text: Staff at the front desk was nice. The first room was damp and kind of funky. Second room didn't have the air conditioner on. After some finagling and came on. From that point, we had a good night sleep in a good bed.
Rating: 4
Text: The service was good. The room was clean. The people in the hallway were really loud in the morning and woke us up early.. dogs barking people talking really loud etc. But the overall stay was good.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean, comfortable hotel. Good shower head. Friendly staff. Reasonable price. Great location.
Rating: 1
Text: I'm not sure what hotel everyone else stayed in that gave good reviews, but the Americas Best Value Inn Motel was awful!!  Upon check in, my reservation was messed up and they had us in a smoking room.  I double checked my email confirmation and it said a NON SMOKING  room, yet I was told i would have to pay $25 to upgrade to nonsmoking  (you know.... pay to.upgrade to my prepaid  reservation ). 
We get to the room and there are no comforters.   Just sheets aND a thin blanket that reminds me of a hospital blanket.  
One of the children turned on the water faucet and a bug seriously flew out of the spout! And to top it off, the kids found a bug ive never seen before on the room floor.  It was gnarly looking. 
But it doesn't stop there!!! The floor in front of the mini fridge leaked, there was a blood stain on the mattress cover...and the icing on the cake was the pool!!!
It smelled like a fish tank  (obviously not at proper chlorine levels ) and actually had gray slime around the entire pool at the water level.  The water wasn't clear of blue looking.  It was a murky green and when my son was standing in the pool, you couldn't clearly see his legs (like you can in a clean pool).   The kids found Roaches in the pool area.  We pointed the condition of the pool out to a woman putting out towels. 
Breakfast was subpar  at best...
The website says children under 15 can stay free with use of existing bedding.   We let 2 kids stay the night and we got charged $25 for having extra kids.  When i questioned them stating their website said kids could stay free, they told me I was being charged the $25 due to the kids using the pool and 2 extra people eating breakfast. I challenged this statement.   I had surgery and cannot eat bread, so i didnt eat breakfast and the 3 year old ate a muffin.  So i was charged $25 more to have 2 extra kids play in a dirty swampy pool that looks like it hasn't been cleaned in months, and for a muffin.  
Funny how everything costs  $25...lol.  when i complained, the manager attacked my children and their character.  
Even after I told him that I took pictures of it all, he continued to bash the children like it was their fault there was bugs, and blood stains along with the dirty pool...
Would never ever go here again...
Rating: 3
Text: There was a miscommunication with the booking of our reservation, overall good price and decent rooms.
