Americas Best Value Inn - Grain Valley/I - 70 Exit 24
Rating: 1
Text: Unbelievably terrible.  When we arrived we were told they didn't have TV, telephone or internet, which didn't matter however the guy that checked us in didn't bother to write down my name, confirmation and room number.  Because of this the same stinky supposedly non smoking room twice.  We get to sleep around 11:30 and sometime after that, another guest unlocks the door and walks in the room (security lock was broken).  After we get past this interruption we are awaken by banging on the door.  I look out the window to find it's the manager and two others wanting to see my receipt.  Because of the first incident we pushed a table up to the door.  I asked them to wait and allow us time to get dressed, but they continued to knock loudly.  I was absolutely terrified and the icing on the cake was "The manager offered me a 50% towards our next stay".  I wouldn't recommend this motel to anyone.
Rating: 1
Text: We walked in and it "looked" okay.  Problems began once we came in.  There was no security lock on the door.  The latch was gone.  Sheets were stained, as were the chairs.  Carpet looked worn and dirty.  The bathroom looked like it was thrown together.  It was almost like they were tiling the shower and ran out of tiles, so they just plastered grout over it.  The flooring was bent in order to fit in the corner and they forgot to bolt down the toilet.  When someone would sit on it, the entire toilet would come forward.  The water in shower had a choice of burning hot or icy cold.  It offered breakfast.  Rather just go get a donut at Casey's gas station.  We rang a doorbell button to checkout, no one came.  After waiting 10 minutes, we left.   I'm not sure how this hotel earned any star ratings.  We will not be back.
Rating: 1
Text: Under construction. Currently the kind of place where your clothes and car seem much more comfortable. 
It's the cheapest hotel we could find and the price signifies. $50 per night and probably not worth it. 
Maybe it'll be better once it's finished with the remodel. The location off the interstate is GREAT.
Rating: 4
Text: Bunch of my coworkers stayed at this hotel during a five month period. Never heard any complaints from any of the guys rooms were clean and Wi-Fi was good plus cheap prices.
Rating: 3
Text: Below average hotel. It is being renovated at the moment but most rooms have new mattresses and "new carpets". The room i stayed in had a bad tobacco smell that i got used to after a little while which was expected and the place was of course dirty on the outside and inside. Noise and yelling sometimes outside and in neighboring rooms. You can park right next to your room if there is space. Someones review mentioned bed bugs but the owner said that the new mattresses are fine and they also put bed bug repelant. They do not allow dogs over 35 pounds however we asked if we could bring our 60 pound texas heeler and they were fine with it. They also offer military discount. Overall, not a bad place to stay if you just need to sleep/shower for the night (The owner of the store gave his own hotel and rating which is funny. Owners name is Ketan Patel)
