Americas Best Value Inn & Suites - St. Charles Inn/St. Louis
Rating: 1
Text: They say location location location is everything- but not here. Although the location is good, the hospitality is unbelievably horrid. I booked a room and went to check in. As we walked in, the smell was not pleasant, and neither was the clerk. After telling us a room isn't ready, we need to come back in 4 hours, I cancelled my room and went next door to a much cleaner, hospitable hotel. I opted to cancel because the guy was very rude and the smell was pretty bad. The next day, I found they still charged my card and told me I was unable to cancel the room. The woman was rude, unpleasant and not remorseful at all. 

Take the advice, the nice plus hotel across the way is a few dollars more but well worth it!!
Rating: 1
Text: Worse.  Place. Ever. !!!!!  I travel for business and get mail sent to my hotels.  This place has “misplaced” my business mail!! On top of that we did not get housekeeping services while we were there!!!! Do not stay here. If you can’t afford anywhere else then save your money until you can!!!!
Rating: 4
Text: The lobby looked a lot nicer than I expected, got a deal two bed two day stay for $100, and free continental breakfast that wasn't too bad, But it wasn't the greatest either.
Rating: 3
Text: We rented a suite with a jacuzzi tub for the weekend. The room was clean enough for the most part, but the tub was a bit cramped for two people. There was also some cosmetic drywall damage in the bathroom and some mold on the ceiling that looks like the result of water damage from upstairs. The jacuzzi is in the bathroom, rather than a standalone part of the room like in some hotels. There was also no TV in the bathroom, which may not matter for most people, but to me is central lounging in a tub and being completely non-productive for the weekend. The wifi is damn slow. It wasn't the worst place I've stayed, but not the best either.
Rating: 1
Text: Here's the thing. There's a difference between luxury and convenience. But if I'm paying the same price as I would for luxury anywhere else, I expect more than just convenience. I put a lot of thought into this review and am also writing a letter to corporate, the health department and the Missouri attorney general. 

Location - super convenient. 
Lobby - dated, worn, clean. Upon arrival the floors had just been mopped.
Staff - the main person we dealt with all weekend was very pleasant but unable to do anything else. More on this as I tell my story. 
The 2nd floor smelled of cigarette smoke. New and old. It was worse than a casino. 
The 3rd floor was a bit better. 
Elevator certificate was 2 years expired (yeah I notice weird things)
Room 1 - I read the reviews. We had no choice to stay anywhere else as this was assigned by the tournament my kid was competing in. I was prepared for the worst and honestly felt like it wasn't nearly as bad as I expected. It was dated decor and the room smelled like a combo of cigarette smoke and Lysol, but it looked clean (minus the hair - little black hairs everywhere). And it was big. 2 queen beds. The bathroom was clean and I breathed a sigh of relief. I used a blacklight to check for gross sheets and bed bugs. Everything seemed to check out. We arrived at the hotel about 8pm on Friday, left to grab dinner. Came back, slept. Woke up and showered. The water pressure and temp were great.  We didn't have much time for breakfast and then we left for the fields, returned approximately 3 pm. We had been gone all day, laid down for a nap, woke up around 430 to find myself face to face with a little brown bug. I did not panic. I took several pictures, video of him crawling and determined it was a bed bug. I sighed. I checked the rest of the bed, my body, my hair - nothing. I called the front desk. The pleasant  lady answered, brought  keys to a new room for us, looked at the bug,  apologized, and left. 
Room 2 - why didn't we run to a new hotel? Well because we were already charged and in that space between  luxury and convenience, I couldn't afford another one. Sad but true. So we started to inspect the second room. First bed checked out ok minus the blood stains on the mattress. There's a rubber mattress cover and a mattress pad so whatever. There are no live bugs and that my friends, was good news. The second bed was not so lucky. The sheets appeared to be part of a crime scene. And that was without the blacklight. I called my pleasant friend at the front desk and she asked if I just needed a sheet or a whole new set of bedding. I asked for a whole new set. So she brought them up and handed them to me and left. This isn't so bad but left me with some questions... 1. What am I supposed to do with the dirty ones? 2. Why didn't she include a blanket? 3. Do they not change the blanket? This room also had visible mold on the walls, the shower curtain rod was held up with a block of wood and the wallpaper was peeling.
Pool - the ceiling is falling in.
Hallways - room numbers were falling off the walls.
Food - subpar.  The packaged items were fine.

I have photo documentation of all of this and will be requesting a refund (again). Last weekend we stayed at the double tree and it was $20 LESS per night AND had no bugs. We also alerted the tournament organizers. No team should be required to use this place.

Update - I was issued a one night refund.
