Americas Best Value Inn - Maumee/Toledo
Rating: 4
Text: Room smells very clean. Room appears very clean. Fridge n Microwave in room. King Bed is GOOD compared to Las Vegas The Paris Casino Hotel which is the MOST Perfect King Bed. 
Improvement would be : add iron board, coffee/tea maker, add extra towels.. but in my opinion as a traveler.. this motel honestly is perfect location & room is a affordable n 3 1/2-4 star
Rating: 4
Text: Great, comfortable bed. The staff was kind and hospitable. The morning staff made sure we helped ourselves to some fresh orange juice before we left. Thanks! We will be returning. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because orange juice was the only thing left of the continental breakfast they offer.
Rating: 1
Text: Very bad experience,woke up scratching. Turn light on see pregnant roach. Sit for a min then had to go. I seen bed bugs on head board. Bit my neck up.  And also arms, had hives.  This is not an environment to be in.  The owner was very rude with a pest problem in the back of this Hotel. #514 infested.  I was not gonna be rude asked for another room cause it was late.  I have my own place just wanted to get away.  1st thing he say is I'll give your money back. Very rude man threw my card and I'd. People do not deserve this treatment. 
Rating: 3
Text: If you're just looking for a bed it's ok. We had a queen room and it was small. The bathroom  was extremely small and the shower didn't even have a full size tub. I just felt very cramped. The room was clean. The stairway going to the second floor made me feel uneasy because it was enclosed. Like I said if you just need a quick stop it might be ok. 
Rating: 1
Text: Nastiest hotel I have ever been to, as soon as we walked into the room I found bugs in my bed. The management is terrible and completely rude. The man at the desk treated us like we were criminals. We needed to accommodate a fifth person in a room, which we specified in the reservation, and found there was no accommodations and the manager at the front desk said "that's not my problem, that's your problem." I was appalled, no way to treat customers. Don't room here, not worth your time and money. Honestly worst place and worst staff, they treat you like you are inconveniencing them if you have any requests. I'm pretty sure our room had never been cleaned and our bathroom was disgusting. I will never book a stay here or at any other Americas best value inn.
