Americas Best Value Inn - Land between the Lakes
Rating: 3
Text: If you are looking for a one night stay and want to pay a low price this place is for you.  It's NOT a Hampton Inn, and it is not anything nearAmerucas Best.  America has a lot if better places.  If this is what America's Best has to offer, I won't be staying at another one.  Need updating both inside and out.
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel owner really needs to focus on updating and maintaining the rooms. Refrigerator was broken, light fixtures broken and skewed, missing curtains, low cold water pressure. Seems they repainted the bathroom but didn't care to cover up the tub. Better attention to room cleanliness would also help a lot. The pool was great, could use some skimming as there were dead bugs floating around. The room was very affordable but I expected more for what I paid. Overall not awful but not great. This hotel is in desperate need of a remodel to bring it more up to date and more up to standard.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice accommodations. The room was clean with comfortable beds and pillows. The staff was friendly and professional. Marshall is so friendly and efficient, if you are lucky enough to see him at the front desk. I have recommended this hotel to friends and family in the past because we visit the Kentucky Lake area often and this hotel consistently delivers a quality experience. 
Rating: 1
Text: Guy at the desk wasn't all that helpful. The room was mediocre and whoever cleaned it couldn't bother to get stray Doritos off of the floor from some prior guest.
Rating: 2
Text: I usually stay here.  Left my pillows by accident and they said they had them.  I came back 4 times and they didn't have them.  Owner didn't want to talk to me or call me back about them.  If you stay there you are may be using my pillows.  They are nice.  Lol.  The owner could have offered a night or two but he's is a cheap you know what.  You can tell as I have stayed in many rooms and they all had issues.  And I second the other review.  It needs updating.  And there are scary people that stay there sometimes.   Loud and scary.  If the owner wants to Comp me for my pillows I'll untell the truth lol
