Americas Best Value Inn Macomb
Rating: 3
Text: Kinda scuzzy but the owners are super chill
Rating: 1
Text: Well lets just say I am not impressed. Free Wi-Fi..yep! You get free Wi-Fi off rhe hotel's FREE Wi-Fi. Made what I needed to do online. I had to sit in my vehicle closer to Rocky's to connect and stay connected. Top blankets were dirty. Vending machine with three types of drinks, no snacks and the ice machine is not functioning normally. It is a dirty hotel, mold, many fixtures that are broke. No breakfast and no coffee. Need better toiletries and you get less than what you need. Mold on the shower curtain, very dirty. 
I had to step away due to personal reasons and was away all night until the next day at 11. I was told it can be worked out but it wasn't. Note: the hotel was completely occupied. I paid for a room just to not use it at all. 
My friend has her small dog which I paid $20 a night for a dog that just slept. Think that is a one time deposit which shouldn't be called a "deposit" because you don't get any of it back. Not even when they do not destroy anything. 
Once you pay, you better be sure because they will give no refund when tranwsaction is done. Any family emergency is NOT CONSIDERED. Should be! Anyway, I usually dont gripe but this is ridiculous. Cheap place and cheap service is expensive here. 
Only discount they gave me was $10 off on the dogs charge. I didnt sleep, online outside and no coffee pot(my importance). 
They babbled sayng "yes, yes will work with you. Sure yes, no problem." Go to pay, they act like they were hit with a sudden spell of alzhhiemers. "Full price!" Im done here, Needs a lot of work. 
Only good thing is... There are close establishments! 

??????
Rating: 1
Text: THIS WAS THE WORSE HOTEL EVER!!! The front desk clerk was the only good thing there! The rooms were dirty!! The bathroom had pubic hair in the toilet upon my family arrival. The floors were nasty..the hallways were hot! The beds were ragedy!!! Omg!! Never again will i stay there.! The overall rating BIG ZERO!!!! For what i paid!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Location was fine. They had such amazing customer service, the guy at front was super friendly and helpful. Hotel room was clean, very content with my stay! Definitely going back!
Rating: 4
Text: The location on the main highway makes visiting any local sights easy to reach. The price is very competitive. The facilities are maintained competently. The room had a microwave and a refrigerator, My wife requested more towels and they were promptly delivered. 
