AmericInn Coralville
Rating: 5
Text: We had a baby shower at AmericInn and it was great. Staff was very helpful. The room was large and clean. Had a kitchen area and bathroom. Easy to get to, great parking.
Rating: 4
Text: A number of relatives stayed here for anywhere from 1 night to 7 nights as they attended 2 family reunions and visited other people and places in the area.  Sachet provided each of the family members a reduced rate for their entire stay.  The staff was very friendly and cooperative, even allowing us to review family pictures in the meeting room at no additional cost.  Though I am local so did not stay at the AmericInn, I heard no complaints regarding the motel.  All stated their rooms were adequate in size and well taken care of.  Most did not partake of the free breakfast but those that did had no complaints.  I know 2 of the families have stated that they will be making reservations with AmericInn when they invade my house for our annual Thanksgivings Day meal.
Rating: 5
Text: Our stay was pleasant, especially considering other hotels in the area had no vacancies. Rooms were a reasonable size and adequately clean. Our bed was comfortable and, although the AC was loud it was effective. The included continental breakfast had the typical amount of variety and it looked like the dining area had been recently renovated. If passing through I would stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Great check in service. He gave us easier directions to the hospital then what we had. I feel he went above his responsibilites and very polite!!
Rating: 1
Text: BEWARE BEING CHARGED BECAUSE OF EXTENDED CANCELLATION NOTICES!

We scheduled the room and were canceling the room within 24 hours notice and then  told that because it was a specialty rate room for a special weekend we should have cancelled within 72 hours. The hotel, specifically the manager, told us that they do not have to tell somebody that there is special circumstances and that they must cancel within 72 hours if the person setting up the reservation does not elect to give an email address.  So they admitted that they do not tell customers on the phone that they must cancel within 72 hours and that they are completely within their rights even though they do not inform their customers to charge them the full room rate even if they don't intend to stay.

The hotel did not say that it was very important that we give an email address and did not inform us that we needed to call within 72 hours to cancel this room.
 
When asked to speak to a higher up manager or the owner the manager refused and said we were stuck. We were coming into town as a family member was going to be in the hospital and so they decided to only charge us $72 for a night that we would not even be staying in the hotel.

When asked if they thought that they should be telling their customers that there was 72 hours notice we were told that they do not have to tell us if we did not give them an email address.

 This is a locally owned franchise and we have stayed at other locally-owned Americinns and never been treated this way.  This is certainly one way to make a profit, not an honest way or respectable way but it is a way.  We will never stay at an Americinn ever again because of this service experience.
