Americas Best Value Inn West Frankfort
Rating: 2
Text: Not really impressed, but you get what you pay for. The room we rented wasn't terrible, but the a/c stopped working. I called the desk,  and the lady told me that it was normal, to turn it off an back on again- I explained that we had already tried that, she told me to try it again. I hung up, shut it off for ten minutes, and tried again- still didn't work, so I had to call back. She immediately came to our room and offered us a different room; that room's a/c unit was very noisy, and sounded like it was in bad shape. When we said something about it, the lady became extremely curt and made no attempt to try and hide her annoyance with us, and gave us another room- I tried to say thank you and she rudely just shrugged her shoulders at me and hurried away. The place wasn't immaculate and it wasn't dirty either. I wouldn't stay here again unless there were no other available options.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice place, was skeptical at first when looking for a place to stay. It was a good choice as  everything was clean. The AC worked great, awesome water pressure in shower. Good selection of channels to watch. Oh and yes the Continental breakfast was good, yep they had coffee. 
Rating: 1
Text: When you enter to hotel lobby it is smell Curry(Indian food).doest have printer, they using trucking paper to give you copy of your bill. They don't have electronic keys for rooms. 
 The lock installed so low  you need to stand on your need to open the door.
Furniture look like from "garage sale. 
Sheets  and towels SMELL like Curry. Sheets doesn't feel crispy and clean , the color is gray.
This hotel doesn't reach standard level, even one star is TOO MACH!!!!!
And the PRICE of room is  $166.00
Rating: 4
Text: This place is the perfect, home away from home. I was perfectly comfortable a hard thing for me to experience in new places.
Rating: 3
Text: No microwave. Old air conditioner. Odd smell. Price is too high for the type of amenities you get. (Or don't get). Good location friendly staff. Very limited TV channels. 
