Americas Best Value Inn & Suites Harrisonville
Rating: 3
Text: When we got into the room one of the doors had stuff all over it.. went to take a shower and one of the towels had black all over it like was dirty. And then the second morning went to brush my teeth and the sink completely backed up.. and was leaking into a garbage can under the sink like they knew there was a problem. The first morning at 8 am what id assume was the house keeping came knocking and opening the door after i yelled someone was in here. The only thing stopping them was the dead bolt
Rating: 1
Text: This was a very bad place for my family and I to stay. We weren't even in our room for maybe 20-30 minutes and I end up having to go to the ER for an emergency. They transfer me to a different town and they wouldn't refund me my money back so I had to have my kids and my fiance go back to that. So they had to drive all the way back at 2 3 in the morning. And they still had to be out at 11. And the pool was very cold and the breakfast was bad of what my kids told me they didn't even eat there. I think they should have refunded my money so I could have gotten my kids in a different motel closer to me. And management to them they could not do that. And this morning they tried to get in the room when we were still there and yes it was before the time that we had to leave. 
Rating: 3
Text: Our non-smoking room had cigarette Burns in the comforter, the walls need severe attention and cleaning. The carpet was sticky and the room did not have a pleasant smell. The pillows are the hardest thing I have ever slept on, it felt like I was laying my head on a folded up beach towel.
Rating: 5
Text: Very well maintained and very nice staff. They rooms are very nice. they are updated and most of the stuff in the room is new, so it was almost like staying in the brand new motel.
Rating: 2
Text: Older hotel that needs updating. The Place is swarming with flies and owners unable to accommodate with getting flies out. The weekly renters urinate outside in the parking lot, and so when you drive up it smells like urine.
