Americas Best Value Inn Osceola
Rating: 5
Text: I was exhausted trying to drive from Seymour, WI to Kansas City, IF. I nodded off once and realized I had to find a place to stay the night. I found this motel. All I wanted to do was relax, and then sleep. The room was very nice. It has been redecorated and they have done a nice job. Everything worked to my satisfaction and the only complaint, no, suggestion, I would make is that they need to work on the grouting around the electrical in the bathroom. Otherwise, it was fine, perfect for my purpose. It's next to railroad tracks, but if you are as dead tired on your feet as I was you won't hear a thing. The owners are very nice. I didn't have breakfast because I had all my food with me.
Rating: 1
Text: Where to start? Huge sign out front said "Rooms starting at $59". I asked for a $59 room, and they no longer had any of the $59 rooms available. There was only one (1) car in the parking lot at 6 pm. OK, Im tired so I take the more expensive $74 room; walked into the hallway and the tobacco smoke was so strong that it took my breath away. Gotta get some sleep to be up very early next morning...trains every few minutes with major intersection right across the street. Too back I cannot give this a 1/100 of a star. DO NOT stay at this terrible place.
Rating: 2
Text: One floor, park by your room, but all connected by a central hallway. Hallway was hot & stuffy, which made it smell. One of the doors the lead out to the parking lot did not lock. Breakfast is very small, basically cereal & toast. 3 or 4 small 2-person tables in the breakfast area. Lobby is not connected to central hallway with rooms, so to have breakfast in the morning you have to go outside and walk around. Beds were stiff and pillows were too soft (no support unless you fold them or use two), so luckily I brought my own pillow or I probably would have awoken with a sore back. Staff was friendly, though the only time I saw them was when we rang the bell to check in & out.
Rating: 4
Text: It is a budget hotel and things are quite plain.  However, it was clean and comfortable.  Breakfast was bad,  e.g. cereal bit no milk.
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean. Old fashioned. Friendly staff. No continental breakfast. Just coffee and juice.
