Anderson Chesterfield Travel Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Arrived at 1.30am.  Could have gotten the room for $55 online, but we figured since it was so late they would have given us that deal in person. Nope! Room was good. Bedding was fresh and new. Air worked great. Only negative is that it this room needs new shower head. Told the owner, so hopefully they go out and buy one.
Rating: 2
Text: Subjected to listening to room next door having sex and banging on the wall. Bathtub had heavy stains and shower head had a lot of lime scale on it. Ceiling had a poor patch job. About only good part was bed and pillows were comfortable and appeared to be clean.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms always clean and always welcoming and warm atmosphere. Prices are reasonable and I stay here a lot
Rating: 1
Text: BUGS!! During a two night stay 10/27-29/17  See pics.

I took some time to cool off before I wrote this review on 11/7/17.

Confirmed sightings in first room.  In order after multiple thorough checks:  first night, one stink bug on ceiling.  After breakfast, an intrusion of stink bugs within the curtain folds. (room change request denied - was told he was going to suck them out for me).  Later that evening, more stink bugs and one bedbug carcass.  After dinner, one bed bug.  Room change successful.  Thankfully no bites that I know of.  Something that also really ticked me off is that I didn’t even get an apology or an offer for a refund, or anything!  Look elsewhere. Lots of other places to stay.

I don’t like giving bad reviews.  People work hard and don't need a bad review just because it didn't go my way.  But we’re dealing with bugs and a very lazy attitude about it.  I am sorry to the owners.  I hope this helps motivate you to improve the facility.  

Since I’m bored and in a nice clean hotel room, I’ll give you as many details as I can.  The series of events makes one hell of a story.  I actually exceeded my character limit by a ton on my original review!  Here is the "shorter" version.  

Nicer hotels were booked solid due to horse races.

It was too cold to sleep in the car.

I did four, very thorough bug checks throughout the stay.  Flashlight in all cracks and crevices kind of thing.  I am very paranoid about bugs and do this even at the best of places.  Thankfully I left all my belongings in the trunk after the first spotting.

After two requests to change rooms, the attendant reluctantly obliged.  He wasn’t mean… just seemed like he was bothered by me and didn’t understand what the problem was.  I showed him pictures!

Take away the bugs in my first room, the entire place had that old dirty to it.  It needs a good scrubbing.  Maybe some paint or renovations.  It’s almost like they stopped trying back in the late 90’s.  Maybe a three star rating for the other room?

Repairs or “additions” look like my Aunt Berta forced my thumbless Uncle Dick to do it for free.  (No offense to thumbless people!  I’m sure there are lots of capable individuals out there!  I mean it like U. Dick just lost his thumbs and is still adjusting and was never a handyman to start with).  

The pillows appear to have been steam rolled and have the structure of an al dente noodle.

You know when you look at something and know it will smell bad but smell it anyway? Well, I oddly had that vibe with the television remote. And I was right.  It was a bit like motor oil and sweaty balls if i must be honest.

There were tiny dust fuzzies dangled from the popcorn ceiling like super miniature stalactites.  Fun obstacles for the stink bugs no doubt.

Hairs of all length and curliness in random places, even on my bath towels.  It was as if a dude manscaped while his wife pulled out all her long hairs from a brush and left it on the floor.  Then house keeping used a leaf blower to spread it out.

The bathroom reminded me of a rest stop along a highway.  The unisex single toilet  kind along non toll highways.  Not them fancy toll road rest stop bathrooms.

The shower…  I’ll tell ya, my Uncle Dick certainly had his nubs on this one.   I’ve seen better shower head installs at YMCA summer camps. 

a fun comparison:

It was kind of like visiting a lower end restaurant chain or diner in a different location for the first time.  You know not expect anything amazing... reliably “meh” from past experiences at a similar place.   Then you get there to find a bug in your drink, an open rip on one seat, crumbs on the floor and table, thick dust weighing down the blades of a ceiling fan, the smell of intense cleaning solution but an underlying urine and burnt bacon smell... you get the picture. 

After my last night, I escaped with no bites that I knew of.  Did a final all around check on myself and bags and got the heck outa there.  Continued with proper bed bug precautions and all that jazz.  

Well, that's about all I can fit.

safe hoteling my fellow travelers!
Rating: 5
Text: Needed a handicapped room supplied. It was affordable at $220/WK ($260w/tax). They had a mini fridge, TV, direct TV, and Central air. Free WiFi. The beds aren't the most comfortable. Used a mattress topper.
