Appalachain Inn
Rating: 4
Text: We have stayed here the past 4 years for a week while in Virginia for a family reunion. I will have to say in the past it wasn't always in the best of shape. However the past 2 years it has improved greatly with this year being the best. The staff has always been friendly and accommodating. They even provided a grill and fire log so we could cook out and roast marshmallows for July 4th. Tiffany and Randy  are very friendly and would sit outside and visit with us when they weren't busy in the office. When we are in that area and needing a place to stay I will definitely stay there again.
Rating: 5
Text: It is a quiet and clean Inn. It is located in a very beautiful mountain area that one can relax and enjoy a time of peace and reflection.
Rating: 1
Text: If we could give it  a-100, again minus 100 I would. They are trailers on a hill turned into a motel. It is  Bed bug infested, filthy dirty tattered linens a what you will get. Even worse the hotel staff think its an acceptable practice to rent rooms without linen, we were asked by the front desk clerk "Do you need towels?". I have not ever rented a room that didn't have towels in it?  We could not stay in the room once we saw the bed bug feces on the stained bed sheet. One sheet and a bed spread, no mattress cover, and one sheet. Best part was they do not give refunds because it happens so often, people paying, then leaving because they were so grossed out by their facilities. A red flag should have been the lack of reviews for the motel. The housekeeping staff are as dirty as the linens, with his one tooth. Honestly don't even bother. This is one of those drug hotels where financially challenged people stay. Just plain dirty! But initially looked clean, until closer inspection. Don't bother with this motel
Rating: 1
Text: Room was dirty, moldy and smelly! The one sheet on the bed looked as if a band of crackheads slept in it AND there were bedbugs all over! One nasty place! Complaints to the Manager/Owner/A**hole were ignored. NO REFUNDS! Lost our money and had to stay elsewhere. I'll be reporting this place to the Health Dept asap!
