Arbor Inn of Historic Marshall
Rating: 4
Text: This place was right off the interstate. The night staff was very nice but the morning one not so much.  My husband went up to the office for the breakfast for both of us and they had a sign posted for the danishes that said 1 per customer.  He got 1 for him, 1 for me and 2 small muffins.  He walked out the door and looked thru the glass to find the lady going over to the danishes to see what all he took.  He didn't really like that to much.  The mini fridge in our room kept our drinks really cold.  We liked that.  The room was clean and so was the bed.  There were plenty of towels, 2 bars of soap and no shampoo.  So if you plan on staying here you might want to bring some shampoo.  Pool was half full and green.  Also a small pond out back and a picnic table.  Plenty of room for kids to play.
Rating: 5
Text: For the price, this was a great place to stop for the night. Room was clean. Very inexpensive.
Rating: 1
Text: Have stayed in the Arbor many times before never a problem but tonight we get here n pull back blanket to blood stain on both sheets n on corner of bed what looked like black oil from a work boot. They did not offer money back. A better room a free room only handed over new sheets for us to change.
Rating: 5
Text: The front desk lady, Mary Elizabeth, made us immediate feel at home.
The rooms are clean with fridge and microwave, cream color towels and washcloths.
Fresh coffee anytime, which for us needing to leave early and cold breakfast items is very nice.
Very affordable, we wish we? had stayed here last time, but we will stay here from now on whenever we're in the area.
Rating: 1
Text: 12:15 am and we are tired. Due to a change of plans we left early from mount Pleasant michigan for Stl. Hotels were full and we decided to travel further and find a hotel. This hotel was reasonable but old. I don't mind old, we just stayed at a B&B. I do mind clean. Cups have brown splashed on them, tub had black dirt on it and in it,  sink has dirt as does the toilet. No smoking room that smells like smoke. I cleaned the tub, showeved with my shoes on, stripped the bed to check for anything and because I'm tired I'll sleep and leave asap and call thus an unfortunate adventure. I plan on talking to the front desk I  the morning at checkout.
