Arrowhead Campground
Rating: 5
Text: Our family of 5 plus the dog rented a two bedroom cabin. The cabin was clean and comfortable. A couple months before our arrival there was a huge flood that devastated the camp grounds and entire river area. However the owners worked hard to have the grounds clean and safe. They continued working on improving the grounds while we were there. None of which bothered us. Honestly we wish we could have helped. The river was amazing. The camp ground was clean and comfortable. We had the river feet from our cabin. Our cabin also had a wonderful deck overlooking the river. This will become a yearly trip for our family.  I'd post pictures but I am unsure how to make that happen.
Also after reading other negative posts, there was no trash. The people who run this camp were nice and helpful.
Rating: 2
Text: Probably a better camp ground than I'm giving it credit for but right now is not up to par in my opinion at all due to recent flooding. Opinion is they should say they have something if it isn't up to par or just makeshif. I had to reset water heater personally to get hot water twice. Shouldn't of had to do that and that equipment should not be exposed to public. Hopefully they will get more things straitened out, good luck Arrowhead.
Rating: 4
Text: Right on the river with Crystal clear water. Great services and water activities for the whole family. A wonderful camping experience!
Rating: 5
Text: My family spent Memorial Day weekend 2017 here.  The area had just that past April experienced a DEVASTATING flood.  Although the once beautiful campground took a hard hard hit from the flood, our time there was wonderful.  The owners are very nice and did there very best to see that we were comfortable and safe.  They were hard at work mending what mother nature had taken.  I know before long they will return to their Beautiful glory.  Thank You Rob McQueery & the McQueery Family. We will see you again!!  The Sharp Family, Dylan, Danielle & Shelley and Jack Bates.
Rating: 2
Text: $250/night for the cabin that was missing several of the amenities listed and described when booked. Asked to talk with someone upon check out but given a number to call. 2 stars for the roof over our head in the rain but a definite misrepresentation. 
