Arrowhead Inn
Rating: 4
Text: My friend stayed there when she came in town. I visited her and my overall impression was decent. Not only were the rooms nice and clean but the staff was friendly, and they had a good size indoor pool. Downside is location. Not the best area, but by far not even close to worst. A night stay is pretty cheap, good deal for your money.
Rating: 3
Text: I'm not sure if this place is just being remodelled, or was recently reopened after a period of inactivity. Mostly vacant, pool drained, "restaurant" area was completely stripped, stairwells filled with building supplies. However! The staff was friendly, the room was clean (though could definitely use some improvements), and the rate was reasonable. If you just need a place to sleep without all the bells and whistles, you could do worse.
Rating: 1
Text: Less then one star. The only good thing is the price. Bath room dirty, carpet sticky, musty smell, holes in ceiling,  all vending machines had signs that said use at your own risk. Fridge filthy I was to scared to look at the microwave  . People yelling all night. The room you can tell someone tried to break on the scream bent and torn the window locks broken. The staff was friendly . That place needs to be inspected by the city but that have to pay them off because it would be shut down. PLEASE DON'T STAY THERE I would not even let my worst enemy stay there. They should give people there money back . It's that bad.
Rating: 2
Text: If you don't like lights that work, toilets that flush or the feeling of being clean then this place is awesome! I was afraid to take a shower in fear of getting a staff infection. The pillows were stained and there were hole in the curtains.  If all you need to do is sleep then it's good. 2 stars cause I've only stayed in one place worse than this. It was in Vegas. The staff was nice too.
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed here for one night for the Chiefs/Broncos game and it was a complete disaster. First when I got to the room I noticed a lot of outdated furniture and everything was in terrible condition except for the tv. I am not picky at all however for paying a little over $80.00 for the room I was extreamly dissappointed. Other hotels nearby are cheaper and offer a lot more and they did not even have a coffee machine here. I looked out the window to find that the screen was hanging off as if someone jumped out of it previously. While looking out the window I noticed a sign for rooms for $40.00 and I got the room at $80.00 which makes no sense at all because the room could not have been any smaller. When I woke up the next Morning there was the biggest cockroach I have ever seen crawling across the floor. I got out of there as quickly as I could. I highly recommend staying at any hotel except this one.
