Atheneum Suite Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: My favorite hotel. From the receptionist to the concierge, all staff is friendly and so willing to help. I love the big rooms and the views they offer. The Atheneum is within walking distance to great dining and entertainment. I will always come back!
Rating: 4
Text: I had a lovely stay while traveling for work. The staff was very polite and understanding when I requested a quiet room, due to a disability, and that same kindness was also received from the valet that took exceptional care of my vehicle.

The room was very spacious and the layout was perfect for optimizing noise reduction, as my living area had it's own door that I could close , leading to the hallway to the bedroom.

The bathroom had a large tub to soak in and ample space to shower. The towels were softer than expected for a hotel stay. The bed was comfortable and I defintely slept peacefully and am very glad that I took the advice I was given to stay here rather than the Greektown again.

I agree with other reviews that the hotel is a bit dated,  but they are definitely the closest I have come to giving a five star in a long time with work travels.
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms were nice. The price for the night was reasonable, being that it was Sweetest Day weekend. The auxiliary rooms were great. Attended a wedding. Great staff and helpful service. Would recommend.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is beautiful. Very nice, spacious rooms. The bathtub sizes are generous. It's a bonus that all the soaps and lotions in the room are Bath & Body Works Aromatherapy. The service from the bellhop and the valet were excellent the first two days of our stay. The only issue during the stay was that the card keys didn't work - we had to slide them about 20 times to get it to open each time. The only reason this review isn't 5 stars is on the last night of our stay when we checked out it took about 40 minutes to get our car from valet. It was good we were leaving for the airport early.
Rating: 5
Text: Will never stay anywhere else!

Shuttle service within 5 miles was an added bonus, rooms are beautiful, comfortable and huge. Vonda in reservations let me know that customer service is still alive and well! She was FANTASTIC! We come to Detroit at least once a year and will always come here
