Avasté Hotel Suites & Conference Center Emporia, KS
Rating: 5
Text: Our stay was perfect. The pool is great the kids loved it. The beds are nice and comfortable. Breakfast was delish! This place is under construction and when it's done is going to be awesome!! Fed recommend this hotel!
Rating: 1
Text: I booked 2 rooms for my family members I had explained to the receptionist that they were going to be there early that morning he said that was okay so I called the next morning letting them know they would be there shortly the supervisor I believe her name was shalanda had very rudely told me that there were people in those rooms I had told her that I was told they would be available for them in the morning she told me well that was yesterday & kept telling me like I said that was yesterday I was very upset at this point she told me I had a bad attitude who the hell does this lady think she is to tell me that especially coming from the supervisor after all this I hung up on her. Went in talked to her in person told her that I didn't get a simple sorry that I didnt get a simple it was a misunderstanding so after all this she told me she had a room we could wait in so I accepted she then told my younger sister not to be going into the other room & not to be opening it well we paid for the rooms so why wouldn't she be able to go to the other room.  This women made the stay awful & we will never be staying here again because the mouth that supervisor has which is unfortunate because everyone else was very friendly beds were very comfortable but the service from the supervisor was not.
Rating: 1
Text: Not sure what’s worse, staying here or the way the owner treats his staff. It’s a shame!
Rating: 3
Text: Went in to look at it for the reception of my wedding nice space can accommodate a fair amount of people
Rating: 4
Text: It's under construction but still open. Friendly staff, good breakfast comfortable rooms, and they allow pets, but they fail to tell you, there's a $25 pet charge. The man at the check in counter told us the price, but upon check out it was $25 higher. Wasn't happy with the unknown charge. My suggestion tell people ahead of time.
