Azalea Manor the Best Bed and Breakfast in Madison Indiana/Milton Kentucky
Rating: 5
Text: This was our first experience with a B&B. It was more than we could have anticipated !! Shirley is a wonderful and gracious host. The house is absolutely beautiful and very clean and welcoming. We stayed in the Victorian room with the claw foot tub and it was delightful and relaxing. The house is right in the downtown however very quiet And  super convenient. Shirley is a great cook and has snacks and water and coffee on the premises. Games and magazines and books about the history of the home and Madison were available to look at. She 
provided lots of ideas and recommendations for new comers and even made a reservation to have a carriage pick us up in front of the house. Which I highly recommend for 35.00. Thank you Shirley for a wonderful weekend!! 
Love, 
The McMinns
Rating: 5
Text: Loved staying here with the family for a mini vacation.  Shirley, (the owner) could not be a more helpful and inviting host.  She gave us coupons for almost the entirety of the downtown shops! She also helped us with directions around Madison, and made sure we knew about all the amenities she offered during our stay, including the delicious and extravagant breakfasts she made.The Manor itself is a beautiful building, and is kept up very well and has such an awesome historical feel.  Very much want to visit again soon, best Bed and Breakfast I've been to yet!
Rating: 1
Text: I will preface this with saying all business owners have the right to run their business any way they desire. Beautiful home but disappointed & offended. The first night was fine, though we felt a bit awkward learning the owner's room was across the hall from ours! We used extreme care tip toeing in & out and whispering so as not to disturb her as we enjoyed the evening outdoors. The next day we stopped in around 6:15 to change for dinner & spoke to her for a few minutes. At 6:55, just 40 minutes later, while sitting down to have dinner with friends the owner called me. She informed me she wanted us to return before midnight. Stunned by her request I simply stated "I can't guarantee that". She went on to tell me to be extremely quiet & not slam doors to keep from bothering her guests. First & foremost if you have a "curfew", state it in your policy. If it were part of the policy we would have known not to book with her inn. Secondly, as we were extremely considerate the night before we were highly offended by the slamming doors comment. Thirdly, we were also guests and paid $380 for a two night stay - is our comfort of no concern? (Obviously, we got in when we were done with our evening & made sure it was after midnight. The last time I was issued a curfew was 31 years ago living under my parents' roof. No inn keeper will tell me when my time with friends is over.) In addition, the place could use a good cleaning. I dropped an earring on the floor & while retrieving it encountered some dust bunnies who had grown into rabbits. There was no lock on the room door. Finally, my most necessary requirement in the morning is coffee which she told us on arrival is ready at 8:30 every morning. It didn't even get started until 9 on our departure day & as we were anxious to get away from her, my morning coffee was from a gas station!! Stay away - unless of course you want to pay someone to dictate how late you can stay out when on a getaway!
Rating: 5
Text: Our two night stay at Azalea Manor was absolutely wonderful! The National Historic Register home is beautiful, combining modern amenities with the elegance of the antebellum architecture and amazing antiques. Shirley, the owner, welcomed us into her
home with the graciousness of a friend. She offered information and suggestions for restaurants, shopping and sights to see during what was our first visit to Madison. Our room was both beautiful and comfortable, and we had access to snacks, fresh fruit, hot and cold drinks at any time. Music, board games, playing cards, books and movies were available in two sitting areas. We also enjoyed relaxing in both of the outdoor verandas. Shirley is an amazing cook -- our breakfasts were personalized to our tastes and were delicious, and different, each morning. Throughout our stay, Shirley achieved the perfect balance between being friendly and attentive to our needs, while giving us plenty of privacy. We are already planning our next visit to Madison, and our next stay at Azalea Manor! 
Rating: 5
Text: Love the beautiful historical home and Shirley is a great cook. The porches are so relaxing. The short walk to all the downtown shops was so convenient. We loved the whole weekend!
