Bali Hai Estates Mobile Home
Rating: 1
Text: !!Warning!!
meth maker in old section!!!!! 
I want to  warn everyone that lives in the older section in the section right across the rail road tracks to watch out and watch for the double  wide with the island infront of it. I havery parents living in there and was leaving the other day and seen an individual i seen before when the meth lab exploded in 5 seasons. He's a convicted meth makers and can blow there trailer up and yours aswell. I'm not happy and want others safety 1st priority.
Rating: 5
Text: We have lived here for 5 years .
Its safe, quiet, and we have never had any issues. 
Its an older community but its kept nice and we like that its not fussy or snobby. Everyone in the office has always been nice, understanding and helpful.
Rating: 3
Text: Somewhat decent area to live has some nice amenities
Rating: 4
Text: The best anyone could probably ask for in a mobile home park. My family and I have lived here for about two years. I miss our private mail boxes and decorative lamp posts every lot used to have but most mobile home parks don't have those so.....they are really flexible on rent; it's due on the first, we paid ours yesterday on the sixth with no late fee for example. I've had little contact with management but they seem nice. The maintenance crew is really nice. The community is neat, clean, and organized looking. Every lot has a nice sized little yard for the kids to play in. I've noticed some of our neighbors have put a trampoline and are growing some fruits and vegetables in their yard. There are two play grounds. Lot rent is less than $300 a month even though the park is so nice!!! Everyone, for the most part, minds their own business here. I go for lots of walks around the park with the kids and frequently run into people to stop and talk to. They could do a better job with the snow and ice in the winter. There's no pool or laundry facility but like I said the rent is less than $300 a month.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice trailer park, well taken Care of
