Basswood Resort
Rating: 4
Text: The trip was great. I read the reviews and was worried. Upon arrival I was impressed, then I pulled up at camp site A for tents. It was a tight fit with steep sleeping. After one night In walked around and found some much better camping areas. After asking they happily and graciously moved me to another camp area. It was great and roomy. Three bathrooms are clean and nice. I enjoyed the showers and the playground. We tried the shuffleboard and had a good time. The cabins that were used by part of our group were really a pleasure to stay in. The hiking trail had several trees blocking the path, so some work on it would be great. Our group had a great time fishing and enjoying the pleasure of the woody camping areas. The store is fun too. Fix the trail and I would give it a five. Just don't camp in tent site A!
Rating: 3
Text: Not a bad place to stay if you're looking to a) park overnight on your way to another destination or b) you love to fish. The fishing lake is well-stocked and I know fishermen who love it. For staying to camp for a weekend, I'm not too thrilled with it. The sites are too close together
Rating: 3
Text: It was decent, very crowded during the summer weekends. They put in effort to keep it clean and fun. The full time Lot is gross though, I called poop lane because on walks all I could smell was their septic tanks. That said the pond is cute, everything is cute, but it’s not REALLY outdoorsy. Adequate unless you’re used to state parks. I’d say it’s better than a KOA though.
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely AMAZING! Better that you can bring your pets, only a 25 dollar entree fee for the whole time your there,  and so many activities and nice cabins and staying pace. There's a pool, game room, Saturday night movie, bath house, many playgrounds, 5 lakes,and lots of trails to go on.  Last time we went they added a little competition in the pool. So much fun. There's also a spray park and country store. Inside the store is the office and pizza parlor. Lots of drinks, food, and toys in the shop but also bait. Prices are pretty good until your stay for 5 nights and 6 day like we are. So excited to go. Very well kept clean bathrooms and so much space for the pets to play in. At the dog park and just around the cabins.
Rating: 5
Text: Constantly impressed. Not my fist trip there and definitely not my last. I dig the cabins as a camping alternative that I can bring the family to. Very happy with our stay.
