Batesville KOA
Rating: 5
Text: We've camped here a lot this summer after discovering it early May. It is a big campground with a generously sized pool, clean restrooms, multiple small ponds to fish in, as well as a big lake (WITH A SLIDE!!). There's also a very nice playground for kids with lots of different equipment! I would recommend bringing a golf cart. There's plenty of space to cruise around and check out! We haven't tried the mini golf course yet, but plan on it soon! We will definitely be back a lot more next year too!
Rating: 3
Text: Diamond in the rough. The small KOA area has beautiful sites and the rates are reasonable.  Nice pool and playground for the kids. Paved interior roads.  If you end up in phase 2 you might as well be at walmart parking lot in Detroit . They are adding another phase so hopefully there will be some restoration in this area soon.  The full time residents take great care of their personal sites and are friendly.  The staff are very nice people and friendly but are pretty inept in their jobs. Weekends are loud and unruly, no rules are enforced, dumpsters overflowing , sewage backs up in sites and showers get trashed.  Wouldn't take much to bring this place up to a 5 star. I hope they get there soon.
Rating: 4
Text: VERY friendly service. Super good breakfasts on weekends. Lots of things to do for the entire family. Swimming I'm a pool with lifeguards or at the beach, boating, game room, fishing activities almost every weekend. Clean showers, laundromat, camp store & almost any service you could need, either on the grounds or within minutes of the camp.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I go down to Batesville kOA every Oct. Its the best campgroung and bigest we have been to this close to home(Huber Heights Ohio) We take our granddaughters for the Hallowen outing they have every year. You couldn't ask for a more helpful staff and the people are like family.  If you haven't been there you really must make it a stop on your travels. 
Kathy and Dave Bennett
Rating: 3
Text: Ok but most sites are full timers. You are on your own to find anything available for travelers.
