Bay Pointe Resort
Rating: 5
Text: This is the best place to stay within walking distance to Indiana Beach! The staff is friendly and very helpful!! The pool is great and the cabins were clean. We'll be back next year!!
Rating: 3
Text: The owners are really nice & the place is clean. The beds are just not comfortable at all. For the price, they should have better beds.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean establishment. The groundskeeper Mike is really kind and helpful  and does a great job to make sure you are comfortable. They provide a lot of amenities and really helps lighten the load of what we bring. Cooking utensils, salt/pepper, coffee, even clean towels and you can retrieve clean ones daily upon handing over your soiled ones. We have been going for years and love seeing Mike when we return! He even sends out a holiday card every year that makes you feel happy to be a customer!
Rating: 5
Text: Have been visiting Bay Pointe (Dawn's Resort prior name) for many, many years on a yearly basis.  By far the nicest, cleanest resort to stay at on Indiana Beach Road.  Walking distance to most attractions.  The owner, Mike, is always on the job to keep the place spotless.  The pool is super clean and heated.  All the cabins are older but very clean and comfortable.  Mike runs a tight ship and doesn't put up with any nonsense, which is welcome after some episodes in the past with different management who did not live on the property and therefore were clueless to what happened after they left for the evening.  This has alleviated the worry of loud, underage drinking neighbors, etc. and results in a pleasant, family atmosphere.  All-around nice experience.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed 2 days in August 2010. 2 bedroom cottage #1. Right next to the secondary parking lot for Indiana Beach so you can catch the free trolley to the gate if you do not feel like a 5 minute stroll down the hill. The cottages are older but very nicely updated and kept up. Very clean and they have everything you could need from cups, plates, towels, pillows, grill, salt and pepper, coffee, toaster, etc. Since they are older cottages there are not many outlets (none in the bedrooms) and a wall air conditioner, so you may need to keep the bedroom  doors open if it is really hot. There are not many trees and this leaves the front porch/patio area feeling a little exposed. The boat dock is a nice feature as is the nice 3' to 9' deep swimming pool. Overall it was much better than expected. Price was in line with the rest of the area.
