Bay Lodging Resort
Rating: 2
Text: Four adults shared this two-bedroom suite at $325+tax/night.  I was very disappointed.  Check-in took 30 minutes because the desk clerk was also the pool bartender so he had to check on bar patrons occasionally.  They made carbon(?) copies of my credit card even after we had paid in full and was told this was in case we "tore up his room."  We were all 49 years+ so our "tearing up" days are over.  As you can see from my photos that were taken soon after we entered, the room was damaged previously.  During check-out I showed these photos to the desk clerk (different one) and she said, "Oh yea, our maintenance man knows about that."  If the maintenance man knows, why is it not fixed.  They seemed understaffed, the hot tub looked dirty and the shuttle service that was noted when I booked the room was no longer available because we were told simply, "the driver quit".  The hot breakfast was good but the dining room was small.  My experience is this resort is tailored to the college/party crowd and not so much on the comfort/convenience side.
Rating: 1
Text: I strongly encourage you to avoid this place at all costs! 

Absolutely worst experience I've ever had at a hotel. The only reason anyone would rate this higher than a 2 is because they work there. Be careful of good reviews on this thread...

Check in took over 30 minutes and there was only one group in front of us. 

Took my bracelet off that they give you and threw away (thought it was just for their pool bar but the pool and bar are a joke so wasn't going to use it). They threatened to kick me off the property without it and charged me $100 to replace it... not kidding! Apparently you have to wear it for duration of stay. Staff told me that they didn't care what we said about them on social media because they'll still sell out every weekend and own 90% of properties. This is while manager was standing right there! I was blown away by the arrogance.

Room was horrible... 3 beds shoved in a tiny space. Carpet had stains everywhere and walls had all kinds of dents/marks on it. Wifi didn't work for most of our stay. Can't imagine that many beds and people are allowed in that small of a room.

I don't care if this is the last place available for a stay. Will never stay here again. I wouldn't come to put-in-bay if this is the last place available. Find another weekend..

This is the first review I've ever written if that tells you anything about how horrible this place is.
Rating: 4
Text:  The room was nice, bathroom is pretty small though. Close to downtown only a 10min walk at the most. The girl at the front desk was very nice and helpful, she was also the bartender.
Rating: 4
Text: It was very clean. Nice room. No bedbugs. Breakfast room / food could use an upgrade, but other than that, satisfied.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice front desk receptionist. The rooms were clean. I would stay again. 
