Baymont Inn & Suites Sullivan
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice front desk staff. Was going to be a late arrival with a reservation, so called ahead and there was no problem with holding my room. Room was clean and I appreciated the microwave and fridge. Lots of cable channels. Great morning breakfast. Only complaint, and it's very minor and a bit picky, but there was only one disposable cup in the room. There's a coffee maker, and if you like water next to your bed, or wine before you sleep, and coffee in the morning, you have to reuse the same cup. Could've asked the front desk for another, but was too tired when I noticed and it didn't seem worth it at the time.
Rating: 2
Text: This is a below average Baymont Inn.  We arrived in the early evening, and the hallway to our room had large bags of trash and laundry.  There was other junk in the hall that made our passage challenging.  Although the hotel is non-smoking, our room did not smell fresh. Also, the hotel must be in a bad neighborhood because there were signs warning about damage to vehicles and theft.  They were quite skimpy with lamps and nightstands. With two queen beds, one might expect four nightstands. There was only one.  I could go on, but you may be getting a picture.
Rating: 3
Text: Thanks to the Baymont Inn Sullivan for an enjoyable and fun stay for the Aug 21 solar eclipse!  They were the only hotel in the area that accepted my request to be put on a waiting list a few months ago, and we were able to get a last week reservation.  The hotel provided their own viewing site on the lawn.  The room was clean, the beds comfortable, the pool was great, and thanks for the evening decaff coffee in the lobby!
Rating: 1
Text: I thought this would be a nice hotel considering the price we paid.  It was going for over 100 a night but my husband and I got it at a discount for a little less. The people were great.  The hotel is out of date though. We really didn't inspect the room until the next morning, as we were packing up and found that the shower was not clean. There was hair throughout the shower. Also there was an adult surprise (YUCK!!!!!) left from the last guest I hope, on the floor by the bed.  Went to the front desk and brought it to their attention so they gave us another discount for the inconvenience.  The people working there were really nice but the hotel Should be more of the lower end of the hotels. Will never stay here again!
Rating: 1
Text: How does this place have a 4 star rating!?? They say it's a non smoking hotel but it reeks of smoke. Sheets were damp. Popcorn ceilings. Disgusting cheap fake breakfast, don't bother. Bad coffee. Wifi doesn't work. Use as last resort.
