Baymont Inn & Suites Jackson
Rating: 2
Text: Overpriced for basic room that included TV, cabinet, mini fridge and bed. Breakfast was terrible and staff seemed highly irritated when I asked for towels or asked simple questions. If you are just looking for a place to lay your head for the night you would be fine but I wouldn't want to bring the family for a few nights.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed in room 101. After scouring the internet and reading reviews and after the super 8 attempting to rip me off an extra 30 dollars because of it being past check in time I chose Baymont. For 2 reasons. Pet friendly and the owner or manager took the time to reply to reviews. I'm glad I did. Room was excellent. Clean. No bed bugs (I'm sure that person was lying) bed was comfortable. Pillows were great. The over night guy was amazing. Well dressed. Extremely helpful and knowledgeable of the area. After driving 10 hours to get here I'm very happy I was able to stay at Baymont. At the time of this post they are renovating hallways and what not. Oh and check out time being noon is also awesome. Thanks again!
Rating: 3
Text: Baymonts are so unpredictable. Most of the time they fall into this 3-4 star range, but each for different reasons...This location is a decent choice for a short-term stay. I was on the 3rd floor, highway side. The road noise is noticeable, so light sleepers may want to choose the other side of the building. The internet was unusable (slow and unstable is an understatement). There was one outlet near the bed, and it was behind the bed with the clock and lamp plugged in. Baffling to be honest. The mini fridge didn't work at all. The shower worked well but the sink does not get warm...at all. The bed was comfy and the heating unit worked fine. I didn't try the TV or microwave. The breakfast was biscuits and gravy, and bacon as well as the standard continental items like cereal, fruit, breads. Overall not a bad choice for the short-term stays.
Rating: 4
Text: As expected.  Rooms are neat and clean and quiet.  No elevator or pool.  Hallway floors need to be replaced, old and dirty.  No outlet in separate toilet/tub room for nightlight so using the toilet at night is either with very bright ceiling light, in total darkness, or with the door open.  More expensive than I would have thought, but one of the cheapest around.  Breakfast space is small and busy the day we were there.  No tables available.

Rating: 2
Text: Clean room decent location, no elevator, doesn't bother me, but potential guests should be aware. When they say breakfast is until 9, they dont mean its served until 9, they mean its all cleaned up and locked up at 9, and the breakfast staff is very unfriendly. I travel across the country every week and this is the most unfriendly hotel I've ever stayed at, the front desk was unmanned for over an hour early in the morning.
