Baymont Inn & Suites Dale
Rating: 2
Text: They must have a great photographer taking pictures for marketing. They didn't lie about anything but a little expensive for what it offers. They do have an indoor pool but it's very small, 5 feet at deep end and not heated. The sink drain was stuck shut but my wife went all Tim Taylor on it so it's ok now. The lobby and room had the same slight odor, not terrible but not good either. If the room was 60 bucks a night, i would say it's pretty good but we paid $130, we'll do a holiday inn or something next time.
Rating: 1
Text: Hotel room was incredibly humid despite dry cool air outside. Smelled of mold. Breakfast was edible, but organized in the least efficient and most chaos causing way possible. Pool was, well, concerning. Low chlorine, dozens of Holiday World kids, algae on the walls, blech. This was our hotel cover due to the dearth of hotel choices in the Holiday World area, and we won't choose it again.
Rating: 2
Text: This whole place smells musty and filthy. The carpet in the hallways/elevator are disgusting.  The rooms were filthy, hair and stains in the shower, dirt all over the floors, hair in the bed... the carpets felt moist from the humidity. Paid $145 tax and all for this!? Next time ill cash that money out in ones and use it for a campfire and just stay outside...

2 stars because... well... at least there weren't cockroaches...
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is the best one in the area love that they have truck parking. Everytime i have a dilivery in this area i will be staying here .
Rating: 5
Text: We had an event at the local theme park and stayed overnight to make a weekend of it. The staff was friendly, the room was clean, updated, and had a cozy feel. The pool could use a bit of attention; there was a sand-like substance in the deep end and on the deck as well, but it was tolerable enough for a 90 minute swim for a relaxing end to the night. Breakfast the next morning was typical fare, but prepared and served freshly,with care, in a well-kept dining area. We'll be looking to book a room here every time we visit in the future, which will be at least two more times in the next few years, but hopefully more.
