Baymont Inn & Suites Dowagiac
Rating: 3
Text: It was ok. Only saw one person working. He was friendly but butt able to take care of everyone and everything. I had to do her my own towels when i couldn't find him. Room smelled like fresh paint. Beds bouncy not very supportive. Was quite though since not right next to a highway
Rating: 2
Text: The bed was comfortable, the tv worked,and the breakfast bar was decent. But at check in,Heather informed my husband that due to being OVERBOOKED, we were being upgraded to a suite with a king size bed, but told we could Not use the Jacuzzi since we did Not Pay For IT!The toilet rocked as you sat down and got up.And what hotel Suite doesn't come equipped with a coffee maker?Carpet in room didn't look like it had been vacuumed in a Long time, or behind the bed or tables.Oh,one nice thing,a lot of tv channels,so we liked that!The lid to the ice container wasn't clean.Also,door latch was a outside the door when we went to our room the first time,so Anyone could've gone in!So,not the best hotel we have ever stayed at.Wondering if we will get charged for using the Jacuzzi!
Rating: 4
Text: Staying here as I work in town for a couple weeks. Not a bad place, staff seems friendly, clean as far as how much traffic is in and out of here. Pool and hot tub with free breakfast. Of course free wifi and TV. Personally have had no issues but then again I'm not one to complain. Would stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: Very disorganized.  We had a reservation. They didn't know we were checked in our room.  So, next morning they Knocked and knocked, then called... Actual room was ok. No mini fridge. Not secure. Trash around back doors of facility. Kids at front desk without adult. Very unusual. But not much competition around them...
Rating: 2
Text: Not great. 
Pros:
1.  cheap(ish) compared to the places in Stevensville 
2. close to where we needed to be.

Cons:
1. Old pillows -lumpy or flat
2. Room smelled like smoke even though it was supposed to be non-smoking
3. No juice at breakfast
4. Room had not been restocked - there was a bottle of conditioner and one soap but no shampoo.
5. The clincher that REALLY is making me give it two stars is that when our toilet started to clog and I called down, the response was "do you want us to bring you a plunger?" What?! No, I want you to have someone come fix it! Being Midwestern nice, I said bring it to me and we plunged it, but SERIOUSLY?! Learn what it means to be in the hospitality business. 

The owners need to examine the plumbing because not only did the toilet clog and flush slow, the tub backs up water when you shower and you have to have the hot tap turned all the way over to total hot to her any kind of comfortable shower temperature. My sister said the tub / water issue was the same in their room. 

Oh and put.more than one trash can in the room. There should be one in the bathroom itself near the toilet and one in the main body of the room. 
