Baymont Inn & Suites Indianapolis
Rating: 5
Text: It was a quick visit, but everything went great. Check in was quick and easy. The rooms were nicely cleaned and in this instance was spacious. The room we had was 2 double beds which allowed for some extra room, but i think that space would be better used for larger beds. The location was conveniently located off the interstate with nearby gas and food. The room we had was on the backside of the hotel and thus away from the highway and it was quiet. The breakfast buffet was also good. The pool was small, but open 24 hours for adults and 11 for kids. It also has a nice hot tub. Overall a nice stay, a 9 out of 10.
Rating: 3
Text: Customer service when coming in was okay. When leaving lady was nice.  Bedroom window wasn't sealed.  Heard the wind whistling through all night.  Heater/AC unit is loud.  Bed was nice and not hard as most hotels.  Got only 2 coffees in room usually get 4.  Over all the stay was fair.
Rating: 4
Text: Loved staying here. Clean, the staff was friendly. The breakfast was ok but good for the money. The room was clean, well maintained & comfortable. The cleaning staff cleaned our room when we left to go to a funeral & did a great job. If you are looking for a hotel under $100. Stay here. Definitely coming back.
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms were clean, some of the furniture was a bit worn down and there was too much of it, not much open space. Bed was comfortable. Breakfast was really good, pool area was nice. Front desk clerk was fantastic.
Rating: 1
Text: I booked a double room at this hotel in August because it was close to an event I was attending. I called to confirm my reservation on Tuesday and everything was fine, but when I arrived on Friday, I was greeted by a rude front desk worker. Not only that, I was told that I no reservation. I explained that I had just confirmed the reservation a few days ago and it was found with no problem. They would even let me speak with a manager. I asked if reservation was accidentally cancelled and he said that it would show on a list and it did not. After a while he told me that the hotel had a new system that he knew nothing about and found my reservation 10 miles outside the city. I had no reason to book at a location that far away. Also I had all the info for this location. I will never book a room here again and I will be talking to corporate on Monday. How do you inconvience someone, I guess they overbooked!! Wedding weekend ruined!,??
