Baymont Inn & Suites Battle Creek/I-94
Rating: 1
Text: Checked in here because the hotel next door was booked. Got to my room and it was not serviced from previous guest. Called the desk and got put in the room next door to the first. Room looked clean minus the musty odor and the dirty laundry left by previous occupant. Too tired to complain so I kicked it to the side. Took a shower and first towel I grabbed had a big brown stain. Found a seemingly clean towel and got into my pj's. Pillows had a funk smell and were not comfortable at all. Small square pillows... Hate them. A/C had a big crack in it and I had to lean a lamp on the curtains above it to have the air go into the room instead of being trapped in the corner. Woke up for breakfast and I'll just say I should've had fast food. The continental breakfast was awful. Bricks for biscuits, coagulated slop for gravy, a metallic taste to the waffles from waffle maker, bland eggs, and black odd tasting water that was supposed to be coffee. Orange juice was watery and was more a pinkish color than orange. The best thing about this place was the TV, the air after I rigged it, and the comfort in knowing I won't be back. Oh and the mini fridge was awesome. Kept my drinks ice cold. That's all!
Rating: 1
Text: only reason I gave it one star is there is not a lower rating, the walk ways were dirty,the room smelled musty,the only chair in the room (the desk chair) was broken and ripped (the receptionist made me sign a form to be responsible for any thing broken or missing in the room when I checked in),she could not find me a replacement chair, I went down to the reception and took a chair up to the room as there was no body to do this.
came back to the room today after work to find plenty of garden bugs
crawling on the walls, TV is not working, I think this place is the worst I have ever been to, STAY Away from this place.
Rating: 1
Text: This place was disgusting. Musty/damp rooms, dirty carpets, floors, bathroom, sinks, desk and beds. The entire building needs repairs and updating. Receptionists looked angry to be there and were not professional. Checking in took such a long time. Pool was overrun with non guests and lacked towels. I doubt the entire place is up to code. Breakfast was questionable but the lady cleaning and restocking food was pleasant and thoughtful. I would give this place zero stars if I could. The Baymont was such a disappointment.
Rating: 3
Text: Front desk staff very courteous . Rooms clean and beds were comfortable. A little older hotel but has had some updating and we would stay there again.
Rating: 1
Text: This place gets 0 stars but google makes me put at least 1. 

This hands down was the worst hotel experience I've ever had. The first room that was issued to me was a double Queen bed. I checked the mattress which was supposed to be white, the mattress  had huge brown stains on it . I checked the other mattress and it had smaller brown stains on it. After I noticed this I called front desk and told Jack the mattress was unsanitary I can't sleep on them,  He said I'll get you a new room. I got the new room and checked it out and the mattress was worst, small black dots very bed bug like in the Mattress around the edge. Went back to the front desk and told Jack that We wouldn't be staying there, how do I go about getting my refund? Since we we only in the hotel a total of 5-10 minutes He said he couldn't do anything and I would have to talk to the manager Debra. In the meantime we had to get a new stay hotel stay that was more expensive but was worth it. We called Debra in the morning to tell her about the situation  and ask about a refund since we were only in her business 5-10 minutes. Debra began to yell and say I'm not going to refund you anything, my hotel is clean you're not getting anything. We politely informed her that the reason we didn't stay there was because of the mattress and unsanitary conditions they were in. She yell more and became more defensive. We politely end the call.

I definitely recommend if you stay here to pull your sheets back and do a Mattress check, that's a good practice for any hotel but especially at this location.
