Baymont Inn & Suites Kalamazoo East
Rating: 4
Text: I was actually really pleasantly surprised by this little hotel. It only cost us $60.00 a night to stay there and it looked clean and safe. Usually when a room is that cheap, it's either dirty or in a bad neighborhood. This would be a 5 stars out of 5 if it were a little nicer, but totally worth the money we paid. I'd stay again in a heartbeat.
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed here for work for three nights. I was disappointed in the room to say the least. The water was yellow, not just when you first use it but periodically through the stay. There was a spider in the shower as well as a dead one behind the pillows on the bed. 

The front light switch doesn't turn any light on so you have to walk through the dark to get to a light. 

The sheets were dirty in the sense that they felt sticky and damp even with the air conditioner on. 

I was happy to file a complaint internally in order to fix these issues but the front desk said they don't provide surveys or take any feedback from guests. What? Yes.
Rating: 3
Text: Overall it was fine, for the price we paid. Our room was fine, not exciting but it did the job for a quick overnight visit. There is a microwave and fridge, which we used. Customer service at check in wasn't the best, mostly due to being understaffed. I needed an extra pillow to help support a back injury, and there were none in the room. Called the front desk and they said they had just 1 extra, thank goodness, which they were nice enough to bring to me. 10 minute uber ride from downtown.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible. Absolutely horrible. The “pull out couch” got blocked by the air conditioner so you couldn’t even pull it out. The bathroom door SPLIT IN HALF and all of the walls in the bathroom were crusty and falling apart. The wifi sucked and didn’t let anything load. The air conditioner barely even worked in general. The fridge didn’t work at all. We walked into the room to find no phone, no T.V. remote, and no extra sheets or pillows. When we went down to ask for the sheets and pillows, THEY DIDN’T EVEN HAVE ANY. The curtains can’t close either so we had to deal with the light coming in from the window all night and we didn’t sleep at all. There were many bugs that we found in the room as well. There were also never any staff available at the front desk so we weren’t able to ask for anything at times and it took them forever to get anything we even needed. Basically, I would not recommend staying here and I highly recommend that they either solve these problems or just leave.
Rating: 1
Text: Long day on the soccor fields and all we wanted to do was swim and the pool is closed for the winter?? 90 degrees outside! Really??
Room is nice but also found a dead bug in our room.
To top it all off no one at the check in desk when I arrived and it took them 5 -10min. Of me looking around to come and help.. 
not satisfied!
