Baymont Inn & Suites Highland
Rating: 1
Text: No attention to details room needed vacuum after 2 days had to ask. Sensor on TV for the cable had fallen off and housekeeper just cleaned around d it finally put a shoe up there to hold it so we could change channels. Use micro wave and would blow the breaker. Corners of elevator always had loose dirt. Customer service sacked desk clerks no matter time of day always on their phones. I would say hello or good morning and they would glance up and barley look at you. I would go out during night time to go smoker and never seen anyone from the night shift. Didn't restock shampoo until finally asked. Moved the in room coffee pot and not sure it had moved and whipped underneath. Checked in on Sunday Checked on Friday never seen a manager. If there was more than one person behind the desk all they cared about was gossiping with each other.  Only stayed as it was direct billed. Needs a major remodel. Nick couldn't brake a smile if he had to. Houses for morning breakfast only wanted to visit with other staff or be out  front smoking. Have recommend to my company to find another hotel even if it is a drive for direct bill.  Will not stay at another Baymount.
Rating: 5
Text: The carpet in one of the rooms wasn't that clean and didn't smell too good. We got another room and it had new cedar wood floors and smelled really nice. The sheets were not clean so we got new sheets. The rest of our stay was fabulous. There was free breakfast and drinks in the morning. It was pet friendly and we were able to take our dog in with us
Rating: 5
Text: very friendly staff. good breakfast and nice pool. they were short on room keys and we lost ours but the lady at the desk let us into our room and the pool and back.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were clean and it is a nice place to stay. The water has a funky smell, same smell at the place we ate. Great food, in the same parking lot as the hotel. We parked and were done for the day.
Rating: 5
Text: This place was a trip life saver. We had been traveling with our pets, 2 dogs & 2 cats,  when we got a flat with 5hrs left in our trip on a Sunday. This hotel got us through this unexpected overnight stay. The room was extremely clean. We were allowed our animals with only a 20 dollar charge. They didn't ask about breed or size, they just requested we use a specific door. The price was not expensive we paid 100 dollars for the night including taxes & pet fee. The front desk service was incredible. We explained our situation & they were flexible with check out time. Luck for us our animals had a warm & dry place to hang out while we waited on our repairs to be finished that following Monday. Check is normally 11am, we were allowed to stay until 3p. I would recommend this hotel to everybody. If I could give more stars I would. They have amazing breakfast as well. 
