Baymont Inn & Suites Columbus/Rickenbacker
Rating: 4
Text: Very pleased with our stay. The area is safe and the staff friendly. The beds and pillows were comfortable and CLEAN! Room was clean and spacious with a microwave and fridge. Breakfast was better than average having eggs, bacon, hash browns and your typical pastries, cereal and fruit. I really appreciated the late check out time of noon. If ever in the area again I would choose to stay here. I also found the best rate by calling the hotel directly.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was comfortable and clean, plenty of room. The fridge made a really annoying noise though. In a great place if you want to be kind of near Hocking hills but not so close that prices are terrible (what we did). The staff were lovely too, especially at breakfast
Rating: 1
Text: When we asked for towels, clean bedding, coffee & cups refilled & trash bags....I was told to wait for them. After approximately 4 hours & no service I called the front desk again. She was rude & snobbish making excuses & finally brought up some towels & bedding for us to clean up our own beds. No coffee, no cups & no trash bags. I had to clean out the trash cans & change our own beds. We were told we should have came down to the front desk & got the stuff we needed ourselves, with a 3 & 4 year old in tow obviously that wasn't happening nor our responsibility. That's what they are paid to do. Paying customers are not required to do their jobs for them nor tolerate their rude attitudes.
Rating: 4
Text: We got a king suite with Jacuzzi tub for our anniversary weekend. The room needs updates but nothing too bad. The room did not look like the pictures and the Jacuzzi tub really needed grab bars as it felt unsafe getting in and out. The tv was unwatchable from the tub which was disappointing. The pool was nice but the hot tub sucked. Not hot enough. The breakfast was typical. Bread, muffins, bagels, sausage and eggs (would have preferred scrambled eggs), cereals and make your own waffles. They also had a crockpot with potatoes and peppers which my husband loved. Overall a good stay but a bit pricey for what we got.
Rating: 3
Text: Pro-
Rooms are clean. Nice breakfast. Around the clock coffee. Small store area with some frozen foods and snacks. Staff has always been helpful and friendly. Generally quiet, one washer & dryer, but so far I have not had issues with getting laundry done.
Con-
No food or entertainment in the immediate area. Few places deliver here. Seems to be a lot of long term families with kids. Pool frequently loaded with young kids.
Pets allowed with a fee. 
