Baymont Inn & Suites Lawrenceburg
Rating: 2
Text: I was hopeful this place would be good based on reviews. If all you want is a clean room and a comfortable bed, then this has it.

We had a king size room next to the elevator - which may be why our room was incredibly small. There was not even room to put our suitcase down. The only place where there was room to put the ironing board was in the bathroom. None of the lamps or clock was plugged in. The room could use some updates - the wall is peeling above the shower, the caulking is largely visible around the bathroom counter, the curtain rod is a cheap rod and it's difficult to open or close the curtains at all. The curtains are also pretty see through. There were no tissues in the tissue holder in the counter. The door to our room looked like someone had tried breaking in at some point as the wood was broken away near the handle. Another person in our group also had a king size room that was a normal size room. The light in the hall entry was burned out so she had to find her way in the dark to get to a lamp. But the most upsetting thing was that one evening we returned to her room and the door was left open at least 6 inches (presumably by housekeeping). It was open wide enough we could see it from down the hall. Thankfully all of her belongings looked to still be there. She went to speak with the front desk about that and the burned out light and had to wait quite a while for someone to show up at the desk (with others who had been waiting to check out). When the front desk lady arrived she offered no apologies or niceties. When this person from our party notified her of the issues, she only asked what room it was and nothing else. Even an apology or attempt to show concern over the matter would have gone a long way. 

Also, the front desk staff not being present seems to be a pattern. More than once I saw people trying to check in or out and have to wait for a significant amount of time.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is awful.  We came from out of town . We made our reservation 2 MONTHS ago and when we arrived,  sorry we don't have your room. And if we don't cancel within 24 hours, we still have to pay for the room. HELLO. ..If you had alerted ahead of time, we would have changed our plans,  and it wouldn't be an issue. But since we showed up after the "24hours" started, we are screwed. PERIOD. If I  could give a zero rating I would.  DO NOT STAY HERE.
Rating: 1
Text: Dirty bed bug infested hotel. Please no one should stay here. The girl who should us to the room, because they thought it wasnt ready at 5:30pm. kept putting the key in backwards. She was too high to open the door and walked around in just her socks. Upon entering our room we noticed it was extremely hot. We called the front desk we had to wait 2 hours to be moved to another room. After a long day we get back to our new room and discover the bed is crawling with bed bugs. We promptly pack our stuff and drive home at 4am
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I decided to get away for the night so we chose the Baymont Inn in Lawerenceburg, Indiana as are place to stay as it is close to the highway and the Casino we were planning to visit. I called Sunday morning and spoke with, James, on the phone. He was very polite and told me there were plenty of vacancies so to come on out. 

When we arrived at the Baymont, James was no longer there, but Jenny who was working the front desk was very nice and friendly to my wife and I.  She allowed us to check out the room we would get beforehand. She was very quick and helpful with all of our questions and request. Our room was very clean and orderly. The bed was extremely comfortable (my wife didn't want to get out of it at check- out time). The pool had plenty of clean towels. Overall this was one of our best hotel experiences and we will definitely visit again in the future.
Rating: 5
Text: We brought a small group of 7/8th graders to visit the Creation Museum. Stayed here for two nights (4/28/17-4/30/17). This is the second time I have planned such a retreat. Our budget was smaller this year, so I was aiming to save money by booking a hotel that didn't cost as much as our previous trip.
I don't mind simple cheap accommodations for a quick night's sleep for my family and myself, but I was a bit worried about bringing a group of others to a place that might have lower standards.
Lo and behold, we were all very satisfied. There were some minor things I might complain about, but compared to my many other hotel stays, and especially considering the price, this trip was wonderful. The staff was kind and worked extra hard to make us satisfied. The rooms were comfortable. The pool (though smaller than the one at the other place) suited our group well. The breakfast was incredibly more than I would have expected.
Thanks much!
