Baymont Inn & Suites Boone
Rating: 2
Text: We checked in. Went to our room with our luggage. The room seemed ok until it was time to inspect the bathroom. Hanging on the back of the bathroom door was a females bra and panties. On the floor there was a dirty diaper. Called the front desk. The female answering said ( I didn't know the room hadn't been cleaned yet. I will move you to another room).  Actually the room looked like it had been cleaned, except someone forgot to finish the bathroom. So we waited for this female to bring us new entry cards to a different room and moved all our belongings. It was a bad beginning to a run down motel that needs to be updated inside and out. I would like to see a Hampton Inn built in Boone. They seem to be the cleanest and updated motels. On Sunday, that was check-out day, we went outside about 10:30am and came back in around 10:50am. Went to go into our room and we were locked out. Noon is check out time, but the motel made it so we couldn't get back into our rooms. Had to go to the desk and get someone to let us back into our room. The motel needs renovated and the employees need to be trained.
Rating: 1
Text: Hard for me to recommend a place that criticises you for showing up late instead of working with you. There were several complications with checking me in and on top of that, they withheld a significant amount of money from my debit card that was not explained in great detail (failed to let me know that i should prepare to have X amount of money withheld when paying with debit). Upon inquiring about how to go about dealing with this hold, the person I called was less than helpful in explaining why this happens and refused to work with me and my bank which was very frustrating. I've had more pleasant experiences elsewhere, so it's probably good I won't be needing their services again.
Rating: 2
Text: Beds are hard and uncomfortable, mold and hair in the showers. Not a great price for two night stay, and what you receive for breakfast. No jacuzzi tub, only small pool. Customer service was good which is the only thing that got this rating.
Rating: 1
Text: The staff at this hotel are SO rude!  With the exception of one gray-haired man that checked us in, the front desk staff & housekeeping have been extremely rude to us.  First of all, who doesn't allow ANY beverages in the pool area?  My husband brought me a travel cup WITH A LID of water to sit by the pool to supervise our kids (in my 3rd hour of sitting there watching them) and the front desk lady told my husband she would charge him $50 if she saw him in there with a beverage again.  I was walking to my room with my young cousin and he was saying, "oh shoot, I didn't get breakfast" and I was explaining to him that it was open from 5-10 a.m. and he should have eaten something before he went swimming when the housekeeping woman interrupted our conversation to tell me, "we DID offer breakfast, but it ended at 10."  Then she proceeded to stand outside our door holding towels while I attempted to get my daughter in the shower and then, when I opened the door, she was standing there with her hand on her hip and said, "I could have told you how to do that" because she'd been listenjng to our whole conversation!!!  I've never been treated so rudely at a hotel before!!
Rating: 3
Text: No major complaints just filling out the survey for the reward money. Refrigerator was loud as heck. No one was at the front desk.
