Baymont Inn & Suites Marshalltown
Rating: 4
Text: No elevator to the second floor.  Beautiful inside, but the breakfast area is very small, with only three tables.  The food was good, though, and there was a good variety.  Seems to be in a safe, quiet part of town.  I have stayed here twice, and would again.  The beds are amazingly comfortable! We saw someone with a dog, but not sure it is a "dog friendly" hotel!  The rooms seem to be well insulated; I hardly heard any noise from other rooms.  They have laundry facilities, a small workout room, and a pool/ hot tub indoors.  Rooms are clean.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is lucky I gave them 1 star.   The desk clerk was completely rude to me.  My company called in advance and paid with the corporate card.   I had no reservation and she wanted me to pay plus put up a $100 security deposit.  Didn't make it past the lobby so I can't comment anymore about this place.
Rating: 5
Text: My family really enjoyed our stay. The rooms were clean and nicer than many of the other hotels in town. All the staff we asked questions or spoke with were kind and informative. Myself?, my husband, and our daughter enjoyed the pool very much! There was a safe, microwave, and mini fridge in our room, which are not available at all hotels. Very reasonable price for the room as well. Beautiful foyer and breakfast area right when you walk in; it's very welcoming and comfortable from the time you walk in to the time you leave. I definitely recommend visiting here if you're traveling and need to stop off for the night or if you just want a day or two away from home!
Rating: 4
Text: Needed a place last minute as we were traveling , staff was wonderful.  We have five service dogs that travel with us and one stepped in some goog in the parking lot that had to be cut off his fur.  ( My dogs are groomed everyday)  The room did have a smell  and my dogs did sniff couple places esp one sticky spot on rug. I am particular about smells and cleanliness so I give it a 4 on that.  Did NOT see any bugs.  Linens and towels smelled fresh. 
Rating: 5
Text: Good rooms. Happy to see the little dining table, mini fridge and microwave in my room. Nothing spectacular but great for the price. Breakfast was nice and complimentary!
