Baymont Inn & Suites Elkhart
Rating: 3
Text: Pros: very inexpensive. Spacious clean rooms, friendly staff. Easy find off Indiana Tollway, nearby other places. 
Cons: very little continental breakfast, no meat. Possibly needs remodeling or major carpet cleaning, bc main hallway (which is EXTREMELY long!) smells like feet. Only one PC at business center, and I needed it...
Good place to stop in if you have to stop.
Rating: 5
Text: Customer service was amazing. They were funny and friendly. Rooms are well kept and nice! Breakfast was good. Everything is nice for the price you pay and is totally worth it! I would definitely recommend this place.
Rating: 1
Text: Demanded a $100 non smoking deposit on the room.  This was more than the room fee.  We were told it would be removed within 24 hours after check out.   However, the charge was removed and then two days later was added back. We called the manager who assured us that they would call the bank and get it taken care of and call us with the result. The manager lied. We told the manager that we weren't coming to the hotel on our way back from Chicago and going 100 miles out of our way to get it resolved. The manager never called us and we were forced to drive back to the hotel and where the desk clerk told us that the manager had  already left and would not return for two days.   We will never stay at this hotel again! The charge remains on the    credit card as were leaving the hotel now and there's nothing they say they can do!  I would strongly recommend against anybody staying    here.  Thank you manager Stephanie for doing nothing that you said you would do!
Rating: 3
Text: For a 2 star budget hotel, this Baymont Inn was pretty good. It was clean (as clean as any hotel can be), in a great location for accessing restaurants, stores and the Expressway. The staff was professional and courteous. They offered the standard hotel breakfast and cookies in the afternoon. Drawbacks include the noisy refrigerator in my room and the tread machine needing repair. 
Rating: 5
Text: It's tucked away, but the signage makes it easy to find.  Clean, quiet rooms.  Excellent hot breakfast.  Just off I-90.
