Baymont Inn & Suites Fort Wayne
Rating: 4
Text: We got a great deal on a king room for a 2 night stay. Clean and bright...the bed was AMAZING. So so comfortable. Full complimentary breakfast bar complete with homemade waffles.Our room had 2 identical framed art prints (one by the room door & one over the bed) that we got a kick out of but all in all stay was okay.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff is very courteous and accommodating. They offer a wide range of breakfast options. The dining area is very welcoming and clean. The room I was in is 2 queen beds and they're very comfortable. Very updated TV and the air-conditioning is very cold. It has a nice sized mini fridge as well as a rotating microwave. The room also has a very spacious bathroom and bathtub. Very clean, very good price. Very comfortable stay and family friendly!
Rating: 4
Text: Had a fun time visiting. The rooms were clean, the exercise room was spacious, but the pool was rather dimly lit. I didn't enjoy it, personally, but I could see others liking that sort of atmosphere.
Rating: 2
Text: Beds are hard, the room wasn't clean, reused shampoo and conditioner, you had to hold the handle to flush the toilet, shower needed a new shower head, rooms were not restocked, paper thin walls with dogs barking at all hours. I'm all for dog friendly hotels, but make sure the walls aren't so thin. Oh and to finalize this review the pool was cold and the sauna didn't work.
Rating: 3
Text: I'm only giving a 3 star rating because the staff was nice. As soon as I had arrived I went to check in and the lady at front desk proceeds to tell me she's already charged my card when I clearly have cash in my hand and when making reservations I said pay at hotel. Anyways she calmly fixed the situation and we get to our room. It was nice and clean but the toilet would flush for 5 minutes and then wouldn't flush it down. After leaving and then returning to the hotel we try to use one of the side doors to get our room quicker but the room keys didn't work. Also, on the website they say they have cribs and roll away beds so I go ask and he says all they have are surgical beds??? Beyond that it was fine. But probably won't be returning.
