Baymont Inn & Suites Cedar Rapids
Rating: 4
Text: The check in was smooth and clerk very nice. The room was clean and hotel welcoming with cookies and coffee out. Breakfast was a step up. Water pressure great with HBO on tv. $15 reasonable pet fee. We will use them again.
Rating: 4
Text: Very friendly and helpful staff, many breakfast choices, exercise room, great location for easy access to Amana Colonies and Czech Village and a great value!
Rating: 3
Text: It was fine. Room was on 3rd floor just off elevator. Very convenient.
Rating: 5
Text: Got the room at a cheap price, and it and the hotel are definitely good for that price. It's not the sort of hotel that's super luxurious and has stuff to do inside (eg, no swimming pool or bar or anything like that), but if you just need a place to stay that's comfortable and has basic amenities, then this is your place! We got a room with a single queen size bed and a bathroom, and the place was clean, quiet, and comfortable. The staff has been very nice and pleasant, and they took care of our questions and requests without a problem. The room itself comes with free cable and internet, and they do offer free breakfast every morning. The location is also very convenient, it's within walking distance of a convenience store and McDonald's, and it's a mere few minutes away from the interstate.
Rating: 1
Text: I drive all over this country for a living. I stay exclusively at Wyndham Rewards motels. I have reached the diamond level which is supposed to a give benefits including late checkout. I called the office the day before I was due to check out to advise them I wanted to use my late checkout the following day. The young man was friendly but uncertain of what the late checkout time would be. He told me to call back the next morning. It is now the next morning and I just got off the phone with the front desk. The lady working begrudgingly gave me a whole extra half hour and told me I needed to be out by 11:30. Either participate in the rewards program or don't advertise that you do. Tired of these Wyndham motels picking and choosing what member benefits they choose to honor.
