Baymont Inn & Suites Athens
Rating: 5
Text: Stopped here on our way to Chicago while on tour. The rooms were super comfy, the beds were great, the rooms were big enough to hold us and our equipment, the parking lot was well lit and ample and Free! Hotel staff was super friendly and we talked about music too. All in all a perfect stay!
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed here for two nights in a row. Rooms were clean. Shower did not drain quickly enough for more than a 2 minute shower. Breakfast was average. The wireless Internet provided was very slow and loading web pages and email took a very long time.
Rating: 5
Text: Steve Sabo
 · 17 minutes ago
I recently stayed at the Baymont Inn in Athens, Ohio and couldn't be happier. I stayed in an amazing room which was conveniently located by one of the entrances. Initially I was concerned that tons of people would be coming in and out of the door and it would keep me up all night, but that wasn't the case. Either the room is pretty sound proof or I was super tired, but I didn't hear a single thing all night and slept like a baby. It could have also been partially from the giant king sized bed that felt amazing. Not too hard, not too soft. This Baymont is located super close to highway 33, without being so close that you hear the highway noise, and is right next to a Bob Evans so food options are within walking distance. One of the things I found most convenient, however, was that they had an indoor pool for swimming year-long, but it was located right next to an outdoor lounging area. This seemed ingenious to me, because you can swim whenever, but when it's summer time, you can still get the rays you would want from an outdoor pool. My room also happened to have a HUGE whirlpool tub, so if they is your thing, it's a great plus. I was there for work and not a romantic getaway, but if I ever have that option, I know a perfect place. Highly recommended!
Rating: 5
Text: Another gem. I was so lucky the manager was there. Got a suite at the last minute. 
Very clean, up to date and great amenities. Friendly staff and located close to Athens has to offer. 
Excellent place!
Rating: 5
Text: Room was comfortable. Breakfast was good. Hot tub was nice. It was nice being within walking distance to Papa John's or Bob Evans.
