Baymont Inn & Suites Ames
Rating: 3
Text: Decent hotel to spend a few nights at. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The breakfast in the morning was alright. They had the basics like waffles, cereal and fruit but there wasn’t any meats there. The pool was pretty small but it’s better than nothing. There was also a very small exercise room adjacent to the pool with 1 treadmill and 1 bike but it was very cold in there and it looked like no one has used it in a while. There wasn’t a elevator which isn’t really a problem but if you have heavy luggage it could be a problem. Overall it’s not bad for an inexpensive hotel to spend a few nights at.
Rating: 5
Text: Great coffee & a convenient breakfast made my stay relaxing. The bedrooms are very stylish with dark lush brown hardwood in the room that makes the furniture very appealing. Decorative blankets and layout adds to the sophistication of an ownership that prides itself on the cleanliness of the hotel. With new sofa bed sleepers in the suites this hotel is a great choice for a traveler looking for a conveniently cheap pleasing stay rather than some of the down ran name brand hotels in the area. Staff friendliness a plus honest folk doing there jobs without brown nosing.
Rating: 1
Text: Location isn't that comfortable. Reccommend upgrades on outside as well as some in rooms. (Paint outside, better lighting inside, softer linins, full body mirror placement...)
Beds are very firm & sheets are not soft as well as towels. 
Also very humid in the rooms.
I enjoyed the pool availability and the fact that there was a microwave & mini fridge im the regular room.
**Update. LEFT THAT NIGHT! THERE WAS MOLD IN THE BATH TUB UNDER THE MAT!
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were clean and didn't have to ask for fresh towels. Would for sure come back. It is also situated pretty close to the Iowa State campus, making it a great place to stay if going to a game.
Rating: 4
Text: We enjoyed our stay. Rooms were clean and the staff was friendly. Fairly close to a few restaurants. The breakfast was also good. (Coffee was horrible). Would defiantly stay again.
