Baymont Inn & Suites Metropolis
Rating: 5
Text: The staff was amazing! Darlene at the front desk and Mandy the manager made us feel like family and answered any questions we had.  The room was outdated but clean.  Mattress was new and very comfortable.  Great place to stay!
Rating: 5
Text: As I am reading through the reviews, I am very confused! I stayed here for a little over 2 weeks for work. My entire experience was great! Every person on the staff was polite and accommodating, the room was clean and comfortable and affordable. Breakfast was good for what it was. Pool was clean, hot tub was relaxing. I would recommend this hotel to anyone! Thank you Baymont for the comfortable stay and professional hospitality!
Rating: 3
Text: Cleanliness could improve for sure...  lots of stains on the carpet in my room.  The pool was beautiful along with the jacuzzi.  Staff was OK and the breakfast was OK.  Overall I'd rate it 3 stars.  It was great for the price.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible hotel. Do not stay here. We booked a week in advance, we got there and as soon as we walked in our room it smelled moldy. To no surprise we found mold behind out bathroom door. The shower had black stuff puddle in the bottom of it. When I brought this to the managers attention I got a long sob story about how she's the new manager and she's doing what she can. She offered to clean the mold but by this time my children were asleep and I did not want a stranger in the room while they were asleep. Plus with her cleaning it will only make it more airborne and I have a small baby. Then, right as my wife and I lay down to go to sleep we smell something burning coming from the ac. The ac was completely frozen with ice. I went to the front desk and demanded a new room. The next morning we packed our stuff and checked out even though we were supposed to stay two nights. When we checked out my wife told them we were leaving because of the issues we had and she received no apology and no comp for our troubles. We later called and spoke with the manager and she gave a long speech about how hard her job is and that she did it as expected. Dirty rooms, stained carpets, bugs on the floor, mold, and a busted ac. On top of the pool being too cold to even use. Save yourself the headache. We even asked around town as we were doing the tours and the locals weren't surprised about our experience if that tells ya anything.
Rating: 2
Text: The linens we're clean. Room and hotel is dated. Key cards worked when they wanted to. Was locked out twice from entering the building. Luckily someone else (who I didn't know) had their card to let me in. Definitely going to try another place next time we are in Metropolis. I know my complaints are for small reasons but no one should be inconvenienced in any way while staying at a hotel. 
