Baymont Inn and Suites Harrodsburg
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent hotel, friendly plus staff, Erin and John, the manager, went above and beyond to make our stay wonderful.  Super clean, very generous with any amenities one might need.  We had a king suite, and the bed was extremely comfortable, the linens were outstanding, pillows were more than adequate.  The room was tastefully decorated and had a pleasant and welcoming appearance, as well as, the front desk/reception area, was beyond expectation, the continental breakfast far exceeded the typical fast food breakfast, very generous portions and delicious food.  Was able to view the car from the room, lots of security measures are in place.  Super clean throughout!  And again, the staff aforementioned, were so honest and personable, gave a real homelike atmosphere. Will definitely stay again at Harrodsburg Baymont Inn, have stayed at "supposed" 5 star hotels in past that paled in comparison to the service and atmosphere of this hotel.  A+++
Rating: 4
Text: Good experience. Room was clean and stocked. Building was easy to find and right off the main drag. Breakfast was a little slim but did the job.
Rating: 3
Text: Decent room need more than small  towelsprovided. Neighbors showed up around 2 and partied till 5 am with drunk women in tow so not much for sleeping way to noisy for a decent night's sleep. Wish manager would have shut the party down next door.
Rating: 5
Text: I arrived at the hotel around 11 am , check in not being till 3pm . I had completely forgot this until arriving . When I walked in the floors had just been mopped and everything was nice & clean ! The two front desk lady’s Kensie & Heather were amazing ! I told them I knew I was really early but I couldn’t stand anymore car time so I would wait on the couch . The young lady came & handed me the remote & the other offered me a drink & told me I would be put in a room in no longer then 5-10 Mins . Considering how busy they were with phones & tons of other costumers I just smiled & thought “yeah right” . But no , the two lady’s took care of the other guest & next thing the two were cleaning me a room . So I was able to finally get off my feet in 10 mins like they assured me & a room right in the front . I very much appreciated these two lady’s . Only complaint with my whole stay was the cereal was stale . Keep up the good work Baymont Inn ! I Will definitely return in the future!
Rating: 3
Text: Location is convenient to the 127 bypass and town. Rooms are is very good condition. We found the bed to be very comfortable. Front desk staff was incredibly accommodating, finding us a room to meet our needs despite being fully booked. My only reason for 3 stars is the room had not been cleaned and refreshed the first day. I had to go ask for toilet paper and more coffee for the morning - very frustrating after arriving back at the hotel well past midnight.
