Baymont Inn & Suites Elizabethtown
Rating: 3
Text: Super nice people. Hotel seemed to be clean enough on the surface, however the cleaning staff need to do a better job cleaning the rooms. Dropped something on the floor so I lifted the bed skirt to look for it and found some debris that the vacuum couldn't get. So maybe not necessarily the cleaning people, but the cleaning equipment. All in all the bed was comfy and clean. The "Continental Breakfast" was "ok", not "OK". The hotel is pet friendly which I thought was going to be a concern, but it wasn't.
Rating: 1
Text: So if you're looking for a cheap place to stay just for the roof over your head, this is the spot. I booked our room 3 weeks in advance and since we were coming in from a 16 hour drive I wanted to make sure we could check in early if desired. The lady on the phone said it wouldn't be a problem and they would just charge a half day if we decided to check in early. Great, no problem! Check in day comes, we arrive at 9am, walk right in not saying a word and the second the sliding door opens the Indian lady at the front tells us we cannot check in early and check in time is at 3pm. uh, 1) you didn't know what I was there for ( I had no luggage on me) and 2) I didn't even say my name so how did you know I had a reservation? She claimed all rooms were being cleaned. It's a very big hotel mind you and there were 2 cars in the whole parking lot! You have no rooms? Ok, whatever you say. Next complaint.. once we finally got our room, it was on the first floor which is great but the floor boards were missing with glue falling off them, dust all over the walls and on the fire sprinklers. Black "mold" in the restroom. And the A.C. was horrible, it never turned off. The smoke detector was clearly out of date it looks like it's from the 80's and the pool was very and I mean very green. I will admit the only reason I booked it was because I was being cheap but next time I will pay the extra $20 a night to stay at a hotel who has their business together.
Rating: 5
Text: I had a great stay , room was clean the hotel employees were very pleasant, I had an issue with my payment when i left and called and talked to Michelle - who went above and beyond to correct the issue!! Big thumbs up!! When we go back this will definitely be the place we stay!!
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were a little dilapidated. Elevator was sketchy. My man, Gary, behind the counter was this places saving grace. Great customer service.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was very clean front desk service was amazing and prompt and I stayed during the eclipse so super busy. Pool was very refreshing as well. Would stay again.
