Baymont Inn & Suites Keokuk
Rating: 4
Text: Great hotel with long history.  The oldest in the city.  I have been coming to this hotel for more then 40 years.  I was her when my grandfather was in the hospital in the 1970s.  I love this hotel. Like the pool that that they have, the closeness to the river so you can take a walk and they have a great breakfast bar.   

There are things that could make this hotel just that much better.   For some reason, there is no switch to turn on the exhaust fan even though there an exhaust vent in the bathroom.  I checked with the front desk and was told that the exhaust vent turns on automatically.  Did not observe this in my room. The chairs  in the room were too low making it uncomfortable to work on my computer.  The bathroom door did not close smoothly.  The fitness center had a water dispenser but  had no cups or water.  The AC was out in the lobby.

Granted, my rating of four stars is probably higher then it should be but I do love this hotel. I will stay at this hotel in the future an I wish the staff and ownership of this hotel the best.
Rating: 4
Text: Considering the price we paid for this place it was great! There are a few things I expect from a hotel: cleanliness, comfort and space. 
This is an older hotel that has had a few renovations carpet was newer than it was old and the beds seemed to be better than most. We stayed 4 nights. The pool was clean and great temperature. We had a king suite, which had 2 flat screens and a kitchenette. The lobby area would get hot and humid, but they did have a super cooler blessing to cool it off.
I would stay here again for the value.
Rating: 3
Text: The lobby is going under some renovation. They had portable AC units but it was still hot in there. Rooms were fine with keeping the room cold. The beds were in need of a new mattress. Really bouncy. The elevator is slow. The breakfast was probably the most decent thing out of everything.
Rating: 2
Text: No AC in lobby. Poor registration clerk had so many fans going and doors open to make it bearable. No AC in hallway or elevator. Room AC works. Can't use banquet rooms due to lack of working sprinklers {are you serious?} No TV remote. Has to be the slowest ( & hottest) elevator along the Mississippi. Desk clerk, Jeannie, was awesome! 
Rating: 4
Text: Very friendly staff. The water the first night took forever to get hot but next 2 were good. Biscuits and gravy are terrible but the have a waffle maker so ehh. Overall good stay
