Baymont Inn & Suites Franklin
Rating: 4
Text: Very quiet hotel. Clean but a bit worn on the edges. Overall very nice. Room was spacious, bed was very comfortable but the sheet was ill-fitting. No freezer in the room fridge, coffee maker and microwave worked well. Shower water pressure was good but water temperature was inconsistent - water ran cold briefly during showers a couple times.

Pool was small but adequate to splash in. Fitness center has an elliptical, a treadmill and a weight stack. Would have liked a stationary bicycle.

Free breakfast was good although they ran out of eggs at 9am our second day.

Overall, for the price, I was pleased with this hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: Booked 30 minutes before arriving and checking in, check in went quickly and front desk staff was very friendly. The door to our room wouldn't open we had to force it after several failed attempts. The trash can was left in the middle of the room. There is mold and hair in the shower, the sink and counter in the bathroom are full of hair and dust, last but definitely not least the toilet is filthy and doesn't flush.
Rating: 1
Text: Not even worth 1 star. Hotel looks beautiful from the outside. Inside... yet to be desired. Have to dial 0 to get someone to come to the front desk. Complimentary toiletries... nope. Told they don't have any. Room door was open upon arrival. 1 bath towel, 1 hand towel, lots of hair on bathroom floor. Shower curtain needed replaced. Carpet needed to be vacuumed. When you flushed the toliet you had to hold the handle down for a while. It felt & sounded like a rocket getting ready for take off. WON'T STAY AGAIN.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel has been pretty average. Check in was fast and simple, the parking situation is good. The breakfast buffet had the staples you'd expect, such as sausage and scrambled eggs, but was not amazing or impressive. The room had a cigarette smoke odor despite it being a non-smoking facility, which was not great and might be a problem to guests with breathing issues such as asthma.overall, the room was tidy, stocked with essentials such as soap and shampoo, and relatively clean. The staff cleaned everything up nicely during the day, as well.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice room. Love the beautiful decor in lobby and breakfast nook. Nice little pool too.
