Baymont Inn & Suites Salina
Rating: 4
Text: The employees were helpful, friendly and kind. The hot breakfast was good. The young lady keeping the food stocked was extremely helpful to others by taking their plates and things to the garbage for them. She even carried a food plate for a handicapped man. The motel was clean, comfortable and well maintained. Unfortunately the bathroom in my room had a faulty shower head. The shower curtain rod was very bent in the middle but did hold up the curtain. The wall covering in the bathroom was getting wet from the faulty shower head and wrinkling. The no slip material glued into the bottom of the tub was one forth peeled up and the glue was floating around. 
Rating: 4
Text: It's ok. It's a older motel and is somewhat up to date. The carpet is dated and some of it needs to be replaced. They are updating the bathrooms as of my stay there. The staff is curtious and friendly and breakfast was good.  The bed was comfortable sheets were soft clean and smelled nice and fresh. The girls cleaning the rooms did a excellent job!!! Over all I will stay again in the future.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible business!  I had just left the emergency room with my grandson as he had an allergic reaction to something in my home, most likely, my new kitten.  The doctor told me not to take him back home as another reaction could be life threatening.  It was 2:30 in the morning and this motel was close to my home so I stopped to get a room at almost $100 for the night.  I gave her my credit card and she asked for an ID.  When she saw I was from Salina, she said I had to pay a $200 cash deposit as they have had people from Salina damage their rooms.  I gave her the $200 cash deposit and she only gave me a receipt for my room.  I requested a receipt for my $200 cash and she said she did not have anything to give me a receipt with.  I told her I wanted my money back if she could not give me a receipt for the cash.  She canceled my room and gave me my cash back.  I went to the next motel, AmericInn, and as soon as I walked in, the man knew who I was as the motels are owned by the same owners.  He too told me he had to have a cash deposit and he too was not able to give me a receipt for my cash.  He said he would put it in an envelope with my name on it and give it back in the morning.  NO, I want a receipt for $200 cash.  They did not care about my situation of having a grandson that had just left a 2 hour emergency room visit and us trying to find a place to get some sleep.  They just wanted me to give them $200 cash and no receipt.  Thank god the 3rd motel I went to was not owned by the same owners.
Rating: 5
Text: Let me just say one thing. Andrea!!! We have stayed in hotels across the country and this woman is amazing. She went out of her way to help with restaurant suggestions and directions and dealt with our exhausted family after our uhaul broke down mid trip. She was pleasant, knowledgeable and friendly. Thank you for employing such a wondeful person. Also shout out to Kimberlee the manager for being hospitable as well. Thanks ladies!!
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was conveniently located, the staff were ALL exceptionally nice and helpful (especially the night clerk!)! The room was very spacious, clean, a/c got really cold, beds were comfy and they had many amenities. They offered breakfast, which was restocked immediately when something ran out and it was all yummy! We will definitely stay again!
