Baymont Inn & Suites Rolla
Rating: 1
Text: It was the only place within a 100mi radius with vacancy so beggars can't be choosy. With that being said, that's the ONLY reason I stayed. Dirty, smelled like a bowling alley from 1986, dated, crockpots for continental breakfast, found a foot long hair in the tub upon entering the bathroom, and did I mention it was dirty? Oh, good luck with the door lock on room 117. Swiped the card over 100 times before it finally opened, yes, I counted, 107 to be exact. Light fixture in the bathroom was just the bare bulbs hanging from the ceiling. The lady at the front desk was very nice but that's the ONLY good thing I can say about this place. My suggestion, keep driving if at all possible!
Rating: 4
Text: Baymont Inn and Suites is perfectly adequate for an overnight stay. The room was clean and free of odor, the bed and pillows were comfortable. There are vending machines as well as an ice machine conveniently located on the first floor. In addition to this, the hotel also boasts an indoor pool open at all hours of the day. The only minor complaint with the hotel would be the lack of staff apparently on duty. When checking in at approximately 9 P.M., there was only one front desk attendant able to help us who appeared to be saddled with the duty of attending to every customer with a complaint in addition to her regular duties. Aside from this, I would rate my experience here as positive and more than adequate for an overnight stay.
Rating: 3
Text: It was a place to sleep. I like really firm mattresses so that was great. The room was clean and kept. The towels weren't so great but the shower and a\c unit worked great. No major complaints.
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel  is nice outside and good location. But then the lady that checked us in was really rude . Are room was pretty small also are beds with the dirty sheets was small as well. The indoor pool was cold my little boy wouldn't even swim in it and the hot tub was missing a lot of it's tile. It is pet friendly place witch is fine but my  wife is allergic to dogs so we asked for a pet free room they said it was but my wifes sneezing all night long  say different. Won't stay here again!!!!!!
Rating: 2
Text: Not sure where to start. We were given a ground floor room as requested. Winnie was pleasant & courteous at the front desk. Unfortunately, housekeeping forgot to clean the bathroom.  Filthy!! We were moved to a third floor room, as seniors, not what we wanted!  Room was cleaner, but not what we would have liked. We stayed here a few times in past years with no problem. Hotel is going down hill. We won't stay here again. We come down a couple times a year to visit family. We decided not to try breakfast after this non-cleaning experience!
