Baymont Inn & Suites Janesville
Rating: 1
Text: First I was told we could check in early early is 230 pm upon I guess to them my wedding was at 330 so I rushed to bring stuff in the room put my dress on and left. Upon returning to my room about 930 pm that night my husband seen a roach in the whirlpool he killed it. I went downstairs to notify the guy working and he stated I would need to contact management on Monday and he could give us a different room but that couldn't happen as the hotel was booked full. Also with me looking over the room the bed was not made the sheets had multiple hair strands on the bed. The floor was not vacuumed as there was crumbs on the floor. I notified the woman upon check out the issues I had and all they could offer me was a 10% off next time I stayed. I contacted management on Monday which stated the dis what they could do. They would need to talk to the actual manager of the hotel to see what else they could offer and they would call back. Still waiting on a call from them. I also contacted the health dept.
Rating: 2
Text: This place needs help. Toilets were dirty,  shower didn't work. Pool area needed a DEEP cleaning. We were with a large group so I saw a lot of rooms. Carpets stained,  stale cigarette smell, one room smelled of pet urine. It's affordable but....
Rating: 4
Text: Good inexpensive hotel. Clean rooms, friendly & helpful staff. Easy access from the highway, good restaurants nearby, 10 minute drive or less. It's an excellent example of what it is - a budget hotel. 4/5, would sleep again.
Rating: 2
Text: Location was great for our needs, but this hotel badly needs renovating.  The soffit over one of the beds had been repaired sloppily and the paint and drywall tape were peeling off,  the carpet is old and was stained and the room was fairly small,  the toilet ran frequently and the shower was shut off so tight my husband could barely turn it on, but when it wasn't it leaked constantly.  The pool and hot tub were a nice bonus, but they close at 10 and the hot tub tiling/edging is old and looks terrible.  The staff was very pleasant, but for the price I didn't think this was a very good value.  Would stay elsewhere next time.
Rating: 3
Text: Not a bad place but they lost my reservation and didn't my group all together like they claimed. Service is great people are friendly an clean rooms 
