Baymont Inn & Suites Kalamazoo
Rating: 1
Text: Overall the rooms are a little rundown. There were stains on the chairs and the drapes had seen better days. Our first room had a stink bug infestation. I counted at least 10 crawling on the drapes. When I told the front desk, they immediately switched our room. The second room looked a little nicer. However it was damp and humid because someone had left the window open and it was rainy. We closed the window hoping the room would dry out. It never did. The carpet felt damp and gross. The last morning we were there I found another stink bug! It was crawling on the arm of the chair I'd just finished nursing my baby in! It was disgusting. I don't even want to think about how many more I didn't find.

Housekeeping was spotty. No one cleaned our room Saturday. I didn't call to complain because I had a hungry and tired baby who needed to go to sleep. Sunday housekeeping did come, but didn't make the bed. She also left a note because the  hotel was out of clean bath towels. I called the next morning and some were brought up right away. 

Breakfast was decent on weekend. There were eggs, sausage links and biscuits and gravy every day along with fruit, pastries, cereal and yogurt. Monday morning I got a cup of coffee from the large carafe and it was cold. Not lukewarm- cold. How long does coffee have to sit in one of those giant carafes before it gets cold? I should also mention that it was 6:50 and  breakfast started at 6.

The staff was very friendly, but that doesn't make up for a dirty, bug ridden hotel. I'm honestly disgusted with myself for staying there with all the problems. I won't be staying at another Baymont Inn and suites again.
Rating: 5
Text: Perfect stay, of course you're not getting a 5* resort, but they're the best of the 3* hotel chains. I have 0 complaints. Great staff, comfy beds, comfy clean rooms. It's quiet but at a great location right next to the hwy and easy access to main roads. The oh so reasonable prices means they're my first choice every time I get stuck in stupid michigan.
Rating: 1
Text: Disappointing visit. The entire hotel had a musty smell and was very damp. The room was quite small. There was damage to the washroom  door that was repaired with an unsightly fix. There was also a large patch in the bathtub. The room was sticky and the air conditioner barely worked at full blast. We will most definitely not stay again. 
Rating: 2
Text: It's a 2 star hotel. Not much to say. The room cleaning is supposed to happen daily. That is hit or miss. The breakfast is not good and the exact same thing server everyday. And there are a few people on the staff that are very rude for no reason at all. The rooms are fine. My stay was okay. You get what you pay for.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice budget friendly option near Kalamazoo. Room was clean. Elevator is slow. Staff was nice and greeted us every time we passed someone.
