Baymont Inn & Suites Beloit
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful motel. Great and friendly staff. very clean rooms with very comfortable pillows, sheets and mattress. Ample parking. Rooms were very quiet and I got a good nights rest. There are many places to eat around this motel. so you can rest and not go hungry. Price of my one night stay was very reasonable also. I would come here again and tell my friends and family about my great experience here.
Rating: 5
Text: For 62.00 bucks a night. Clean, Great Bed, Great Breakfast and friendly staff. I really don't know what some people people what for that price. Eggs to order and Strawberries with Champagne. GET REAL!!! To a working man on the road this is 5 stars. Craig Kubnick, Precision Journeymen Millwright, Traveler.
Rating: 1
Text: When we tried to check in before 3 the front desk person didn't acknowledge us and then seemed like I was bothering her by asking a question. Night staff was much friendlier.

That said I found a roach behind the clock (see photo) and chunks of beef jerky on the floor. Also looked like bug or mouse droppings in the corners of the bathroom. Clearly didn't do much more than a cursory "cleaning" from the last resident.

For what I paid (about $100 for one night during sonic boom) I expect a lot more.
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed there 1 night and the room was very clean.The breakfast was delicious.They had an ant problem and I told the manager and they cleaned it up with ant powder. All amenities good with clean towels. I appreciate good housekeeping. Safe area too.
Rating: 3
Text: The price is lower than even roadway inn and has a basic breakfast of egg medallions, sausage, cereal, packaged pastries, a waffle maker; Orange, Apple juice, and coffee. There's no other amenities aside WiFi and cable.  There is a grassy area behind that's kept low for walking.  The bedding and everything else is clean. There isn't a whole lot to the surroundings outside of that, so this isn't for keeping young children other than a place to sleep.  No issues here - you get what you paid for, and the staff is friendly and available.
