Baymont Inn & Suites Springfield South Highway 65
Rating: 3
Text: I have stayed at this hotel many times over the years. The Lobby looks great, and the front desk staff were very attentive. The main issues we had was, the carpet needs replaced, and are room had a smell. Also, the bath tub felt like we were going to step through it. The other issue was the pool and the hot tub looked very cloudy. We could not smell any chlorine. I got in the hot tub, but my wife refused too get in. The water did smell stagnant, and I had to take another shower to get the smell off. The beds were comfortable and the hotel was clean, but they are going to need to replace the carpet to get the smell out.
Rating: 3
Text: Location *****
Cleanliness *
Check-in *****
Comfort ****
Staff *****

Cleanliness weighs a lot on my rating. 

TLDR; If you’re looking for an inexpensive bed and shower in a good area, this is fine. Just check the bedsheets prior to sleeping. 

The hotel is very easy to get to from Hwy 65. Check-in was easy and the front desk attendant was professional. We checked in to room 224 and as always, I checked the bedsheets. On the fitted sheet, there was one “liquid” stain, and on the top sheet, there were 3 “liquid” stains. Along with those stains came 4 or 5 hairs. There were also hairs on the pillows. We always take our own pillows wherever we are traveling, so I wasn’t too concerned about the pillowcases, but the fact that housekeeping not only didn’t change the sheets but didn’t even bother to check for cleanliness is absolutely disgusting. I called the front desk to ask for new sheets and he kept offering to put us in a different room. No. I want clean sheets so that I know they’re actually clean. Well, the attendant brought up new sheets right away, and brought us new blankets as well. We slept well knowing the sheets were changed (we did them ourselves). 

Aside from the sheets, it was very humid in the room, so the floors felt a little damp. I felt the need to wear shoes in the room. Also, I dropped something behind the night stand and there was a quarter inch of dust back there. Definitely needed a deep clean. 

The wall-mounted hair dryer was pretty nasty as well. There was a ball of tangled hairs around the back of it, and the handle was coated in what I hope was makeup. 

Basically, they need to hire housekeepers that actually do their jobs instead of half-a**ing things. Thankfully the front desk staff member (Chris, maybe?) was more than helpful.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel staff was very nice and helpful. Let us check out later than normal time. Gave me a great price. Rooms were very clean and had many free amenities.
Rating: 2
Text: I've stayed in a standard room in the past when on business and was happy with it. The hotel is either fairly new or recently remodeled and is generally very clean and nice for the price. However, this time I was traveling with my daughter and two grandchildren and rented the 'family suite that sleeps 6.' Sadly, that turned out to be a oversized standard room with an old sleeper sofa at one end and a couple of side chairs that replaced the work desk. The oversized part was just wasted empty space too. As it turns out, despite the name, they do not have a single suite in the building. A very disappointing experience this time.
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean. The staff were very friendly. The room was great. We had an anniversary, but because were local, they required a $250 cash deposit. Then they had to go inspect the room before we left. We are not a young couple full of parties. It was strange. But, the room was great.
