Baymont Inn and Suites Cincinnati
Rating: 1
Text: Not exactly what I was expecting from pictures that were on the website. Lobby looked nice, but the room needed repairs and could use updates. We picked this hotel because it had a pool so our girls could swim. But, after seeing the room, I wasn't surprised to see trash laying on the chairs. The pool water looked milky. No towels available in pool area. Probably won't return. Very dissatisfied.
Rating: 1
Text: Place was extremely nasty. Our room was nasty and smelled like sewage. We wanted a non smoking room and was told they were out. So I had my mom call after getting the room and they said they had plenty of non smoking rooms. Pool was absolutely disgusting. The water was green. I wouldn't stay here again if someone paid me to. This place needs to be shut down.
Rating: 1
Text: STAY AWAY HORRIBLE SERVICE. If I could give this place negative stars, I would. I just tried making a reservation for one of our employees and spoke with the rudest staff member I have ever encountered at a hotel EVER. I asked for simple information for my employee like a confirmation number and the price of the stay. He refused to give me any information on the reservation I was making and kept asking if I wanted to cancel the reservation. I had to ask him over 5 times for the confirmation number and total amount until he finally gave it to me but he made sure to ask me  "Why do you need the total for the hotel? Do you want to cancel or keep the reservation? We don't have email to give you the confirmation number."  So then I finally ask if he can fax it and he angrily says he can but still is asking why. I ask to speak to his manager and he says no he is not here. He refused to give me his manager's name or contact information and I asked over 5 times to speak with his manager. He finally says his manager's name is Bob but he is not here and will not give me a phone number. He continues asking me if I want to cancel, do I want to cancel, so I said you know what yes I do!! He then says "thank God I don't want to deal with this anymore anyway" and hangs up on me... R U KIDDING?!? I have never been so insulted in my life. I make reservations all day long and this is by far the worst experience I have ever had. It was like it was a crime for even calling this establishment. This employee should be fired he has no right to yell, interrupt and argue with paying customers!! I would never recommend anyone to call here so I can't imagine how it is actually staying here! Once again, BEWARE worst hotel reservation I have EVER ATTEMPTED to make.
Rating: 4
Text: The outside of the hotel and lobby make you question your choice, but the rooms are very nice and comfortable. A little updating in the lobby could be nice and breakfast consists of muffins, fruit and masked your own waffle which is definitely better than nothing, just bit the greatest. Overall, I'd stay here again as it is close enough to Cincinnati and there are plenty of restaurants near by.
Rating: 3
Text: Good luck finding a luggage cart. Cleanliness is great, service early morning sucks and that's putting it nicely. They accept comchecks.
