Baymont Inn & Suites Wright Patterson AFB
Rating: 4
Text: Good place for short stays. Clean room, comfortable bed, shampoo, refrigerator. Bathroom clean. Light breakfast included. Area doesnt look safe at night, but I would stay there again. Free parking in lot.
Rating: 2
Text: It's cheap but you get what you pay for! My friend and I were in town for one night, wasn't going to be at the hotel much but to sleep and that's what we got. However, that's about all we got. There weren't enough towels, the front desk wouldn't answer the phone either time I called to ask for more. I was thankful I brought my own shampoo, conditioner, body wash and lotion because what they supplied was about the size of a tester sample. Also, there were spider webs, one actually had a dead bug in it, around the window. The front desk was inattentive and unavailable most of the time. It's not the worst hotel in the world but I know I will not be staying there again.
Rating: 1
Text: This stay was a nightmare.  I was here on business and it took almost a 1/2 hour to get me checked into the hotel.  This was after they had lost my reservation.  They told me I'd have to check back in the next day but I could keep the room I had.  When I left the hotel and came back, they lost my reservation again and had me in a different room.  The room had windows in the door and the door was hung incorrectly so that there was an inch gap between the lower frame and door.  

Only redeeming thing was the limited but free breakfast in the morning.  It wasn't anything special and some days were better than others but you get what you pay for.

Won't be staying here again if I ever go back to Dayton.
Rating: 2
Text: It was sufficient for roof over my head with running water and edible items in the morning. This hotel is in need of updating,  I saw some trip advisor awards on the wall behind the counter and it made me question tripadvisor's reviewing criteria.
Rating: 3
Text: Hole in bathtub, blanket, and turning on the heater made the smoke detector go off due to dust burning I assume. Closet has no hangars, and a table and chairs would be nice. Limited breakfast for a Baymont but it has a roof and mattress. Over priced for what you get and the location, but stuff didn't get stolen and I wasn't murdered.
