Baymont Inn & Suites Lawrence
Rating: 5
Text: Katie at front desk was amazing.  Very attentive and eger to help w/ all of our needs.  great place to stay.  Breakfast, pool, hot tub & gym.  general manager was pleasant too.
Rating: 2
Text: The staff was nice and the lobby was nice, but other than that I disliked it. The pool was tiny and freezing. It's only redeeming quality was its cleanliness and the salt water over chlorine decision. The "hot tub" was more of a "warm tub". The elevator was creepy and a little scary because it creaked and thumped when you rode it. We killed a centipede in our room and had to ask for more pillows AND towels because it makes sense that a room with four people only needs three bath towels. The toilet ran almost constantly (which is an easy fix, come on people) and the shower lacked any water pressure and was obviously made for very short people. The alarm clock tried to blind us at night, but at least there was no road noise or loud neighbors. I had high hopes for breakfast but discovered, instead, stale cereals and shortages on milk and prep spray for the waffle maker. We booked it because it was rated 4 stars. I would barely consider 2 stars. Barely. The only things saving it from 1 star from me is the nice staff and lack of bed bugs.
Rating: 5
Text: I am always so grateful to have your Inn to come & stay at when in Lawrence visiting family. This is my home away from home. I am sooo thrilled to have Roberta back as she does an exceptional job & if all employees would be trained by her that would be a blessing for them. All your staff on cleaning are awesome & learning & getting to know the other new staff. Will be nice when 1st floor is done. Love the breakfast area remodel too. Thank you doesn't even begin to cover how much my sister and I appreciate your kindness to help give us the best cost possible and have been coming about 5 years and it helps tons. Thank you and hope God continues to bless you all.
Rating: 1
Text: I truly don't know why this place has such high reviews... while the room was pretty standard for a hotel in this price range the staff was sub par. There was no one at the front desk half the time and the manager was constantly watching TV. On top of this the the food was old/cold, an employee informed me they were going to bring out more shortly but never came out of the back afterwards.
Rating: 5
Text: Best day-n-night staff I've had in a long time. Very nice and very respectable. And breakfast was a 5 star as well. You have a wonderful team, treat them as such, cause they deserve it.
