Baymont Inn & Suites Dubuque
Rating: 4
Text: Nice place! They have a bar inside open in the evenings. Great drinks and place to hangout. In door pool and guest laundry. The only thing is they do not have an Elevator. Which is fine for me, but others...maybe not so much. They do offer help with your bags up the stairs if needed. (:
Rating: 2
Text: YOU NEED TO READ THIS (See photos): I'll be brief - My company made reservations for several employees to stay here for a few months during July & August.  During this time, cable reception kept going out, premium channels were nearly nonexistent. The owner was so cheap that he opened the windows in the hallways so the 80° - 90° breeze would "cool" the halls. Always out of food items in the breakfast area, cold food items were at or near room temperature. The laundry room was filthy, "secure" entry (swipe card) doors never locked, fire extinguishers in the halls were missing, odors galore, etc... I reported part of the ceiling coming down in the stairwell... it took two weeks for them to clean it up. Addressing your concerns to the owner was pointless. He always made excuses and never took ownership. Don't waste your time, don't waste your money...stay away, just stay away. 

(More images on my profile page)

Rating: 5
Text: I enjoyed my experience at this hotel. My family and I read/heard about the reviews online for the hotel and laughed about it. My experience is the main reason for the 5-star rating. The beds were good. The smell in the suite was odd, but I didn't mind it too much. I think it was similar to that of mildew. However, the swimming pool seemed to be fit only for children. There was also an outlet right next to the air conditioner that was broken up/exposed. The location is fine. It was on our way to the location that we rented out. The service was also fine, there wasn't very much trouble.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean but a little cramped. We didn't originally book here but got a room when our first booking turned out to have bed bugs. Housekeeping staff was friendly and accommodating. Front desk was friendly. Breakfast could have used a few more choices but what they had was good. Pool water was a little cloudy but smelled clean, was reasonably warm and there were plenty of towels.
Rating: 1
Text: The only thing Baymont is the name. Front desk lady very very nice. The room left a lot to be desired for the price. The "heated" pool wasn't. The bottom of the pool has gravel.
The towels felt like sand paper. No microwaves in the rooms.
