Beacon RV Park
Rating: 5
Text: Great people, they took my reservation over the phone and since I got in later than I told them they used their golf cart with lights and guided me into the spot even though I am 45ft long I was able to use a non pull though spot with the help of Michaela the slip had 50 amp hookup, cable tv,, water,and sewer. WiFi that was kind of cool, I didn't expect that. It was so nice to be so close to amenities.


Rating: 1
Text: Made plans to stay here, but after we arrived and saw the grounds we moved on. Grounds made you feel unsafe and dirty.  The site we were to park on was unlevel and tight.  I think Good Sam needs to update the reviews.
Rating: 3
Text: Way to expensive. 33.00 with the 10percent discount . We have coast to coast/Good Sam membership.  If I am mistaken that's on me.  Park was clean a little run down but a nice place to park in town.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could have given this place a minus 5, I would have. 90% of this place is filled with full timers. Most unfriendly bunch of people I've  ever met. 
First, when my husband called to reserve a spot he specified a spot with shade, twice. When we got here and paid, the lady put us in the ONLY spot in the whole place that DID not have shade, and then said oh well the sun will be down in an hour!  
Definitely NOT dog friendly. There is NO where you can walk your dog to do there business in this park. I was trying to find a spot that would not be a lawn and was clear down by the street walking and heard a vehicle coming so I pulledy dog to the edge of the lawn. A full timer stopped assuming i was going to let my dog go there and gave me the riot act about  how he maintained clear the yard to the street and to take my dog somewhere else. He was very rude about it. 
Private bathrooms (with a shower) are nice but are starting to show ageing.
Rating: 2
Text: Management is nice. Bathrooms are in disrepair. There is only 2 bathrooms. Each isfor 1 person. Not enough for 57 space park.I thought that the shower didnt work so i had to get redressed and wait for the other bathroom. Later my husband figured out it haf an unusual valve under the spout. Pulling very hard he got it open. A simple instruction sign would help. Thrte was beard hait in one sink and hair in the other bathroom sink. Pot holes in driveways. Neglect everywhere. The water supply would stop and restart
