Bear Branch Campground
Rating: 3
Text: We stayed here for the eclipse.  I saw that because our stay I don't think was how this place is normally.  Overall, it was a nice spot to stay.  It was great to see all the horses and beautiful area.  My complaints are lack decent hook ups.  We had full hook ups, but the sewer was uphill from our spot and even the the drain itself was tilted down till.  So drainage was 'interesting'.  Water pressure wasn't great.  I ended up filling my tank and using my water pump for better water pressure.
Rating: 3
Text: Good location for trail access. Owners very nice and helpful.  Facility was old and filthy. Trashcans overflowing in the bathroom and barn onto the floor. No toilet paper. You cannot flush toilet paper which is gross.  Horse trails were not clearly markrd.
Rating: 5
Text: I love this place! It has that very "at home" feeling. There are a couple of bad reviews on here and it's such a shame. This property was just bought last year and the new owners are trying to get the place back in pristine condition like with the restaurant. The previous owner pretty much let it go. Everytime I have been there, which has been this year, the property has been clean and  the bathroom/shower house has also been clean as well. I have never felt disgusted or appalled with anything there. As far as the one person who complained about the view among other things; it's the forest you really want to see. The trailer the older trailer that sets there? It is for the on-site manager who lives there. By the way, just because this place is a work in progress does not mean it's a nasty dirty place. It is a great, comfortable place that has some of the nicest people who own and manage it. Yes, I know the family. I just got to know them the past couple of years. In no way they did they ask me to write this. The one person upset me with their really poor review. Yes, they are entitled to their opinion, however, I believe they just didn't have all the facts. I'm thinking they might have been there about the owners were having to replace ALL of the pipes in the campground because they froze and cracked. The bathhouse was not in good shape at time from what I was told.
Rating: 5
Text: We could not have experienced a warmer welcome, or better hospitality from Teanette and the family - who are the new owners here. The location is beautiful, with proximity to many interesting activities in the area. We'll be back!
Rating: 1
Text: Beware of this place it is a total dump!  We left after one night and lost $241!  The person at the front desk must have been waiting for us to check in. As soon as she took our money she was gone. Never showed us to our site. Told us that if you want to know about the trails ask someone else..  it had rained quite a bit and our site was one big mud hole. My view out the door of the motorhome was a side hill full of cans and other garbage. I was scared o enter the laundry/shower rooms they were that bad. Most of the buildings were old trailer houses. I wouldn't stay in any of the so called cabins. We cut our losses and moved over to Hayes Canyon CG. Their rates were cheaper and the place was immaculate.
