Bear Bottom Resort
Rating: 5
Text: My family and I were referred to this hidden gem while out boating one day and stopped in for dinner before heading home. We were surprised to find this warm welcoming resort quaintly nestled in the very back of a cove. Of course, all the kids noticed were the water slides located to the right of the restaurant. There was plenty of dock parking and when pulling in we were greeted with a smile by a staff member that helped us tie off. Upon asking about the slides, we were informed that they were not only a part of resort, but also open to restaurant guest as well. We headed that way and found two slides water park worthy and a festive tiki bar accessible by both land and pool. We set the kids up to ride the slides a number of times and watched while sipping drinks. Leaving the kids in all their glory, web grabbed an outdoor table. The waiter was very pleasant and helpful. We placed our order and enjoyed the band. The food was delicious and arrived in a timely manner. We wrapped the evening up with dessert and an amazing array of fireworks.
Rating: 4
Text: Great idea to have the water slides for the kids and swim up bar for the adults. The bottom of the slides are right next to the adult pool. Great setup. Place was fun. Friendly bartenders. And the food was pretty good.
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing time over Labor day weekend. The staff was amazing, food was great and plentiful.  The bar was a blast with live music and the fireworks displays topped it all off!  Thanks to everyone at the Bear Bottom resort for a wonderful weekend spent with my wife on our anniversary!  
Rating: 2
Text: Looks little run down, however kids loved slide thats only reason for 2 stars, cause service stinks. Long wait on food and wasnt anything to brag about, all in all, just something different to do at the lake.
Update:Update:Update: These reviews really get read by places. I heard my review was posted for all staff to see. The manager told employees they are to work to avoid such a review. I personally wish I could of given better review but I'm as honest as can be. However from reading alot of these reviews, it seems this place has improved quite a bit. I for one am happy to see a bad review make an impact and turn a place around. And next time I'm there I will stop in to see if this review needs to deleted, and given more stars.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a fun place.  When we visit we always hit the waterslides and then share a giant platter of amazing nachos.  If there's any left you need to feed to the fish, it's just a fun tradition.
