Beaumont Hotel
Rating: 1
Text: We went there for breakfast today. As we were finishing our meal, a heavy set short haired lady told us we needed to move our cars pretty quick as they were blocking it off for bikers. She never thanked us or asked us how our meal was. She was just RUDE!  We go there quite often and spent $60 today. We will NEVER go back there again. They should have blocked it off before they opened not tell us to move our cars while were still eating 45 minutes after opening. Was it an oversight or is she just too lazy to block it off before they open?  BTW, Kim our waitress was great. But we will find a different place to go.
Rating: 5
Text: Went today for breakfast. The chicken fried steak was good but the jem was Kim. She loved the place so much! You could tell by how passionate she was in telling the history of the town. What an amazing experience! Can't wait to go back and hopefully see an airplane. What a great Butler County treasure!
Rating: 5
Text: This place is a quaint treat. Wait staff is super-friendly and go to great effort to please. Menu is comfort food.... my kinda place! Food is very good and servings are generous. Dishes are served piping hot and very fresh. Floor and furnishings are a bit worn, but everything's sparkling clean and in this setting it's "atmosphere," not a shortcoming. Worth the drive.

I peeked into the kitchen and it is SPOTLESS, a cleanliness showplace. Nice!

If you have a light plane you can land on the grass strip across the way and taxi right into town (there's an "Airplane Crossing" warning sign on Main Street!) and park next door, but it's a short strip and not lit.
Rating: 2
Text: Not near as good as it has been! We're disappointed this time. Got here in plenty of time for breakfast. There was just enough juice for the 4 of us. Ask if they were going to put out more, they didn't. Other bikers were coming after us, and they didn't get any at all. Biscuits seemed like warmed up leftovers. Started pulling breakfast at 10:45.
Rating: 4
Text: Cool old place with a lot of history behind it. There are several good motorcycle routes around it, traffic is low and the food is good. Always got good service and a little pie at the end of a meal never hurts! It's a favorite go-to ride destination for us to grab a bite and cool off. 
