Beech Bend Park
Rating: 5
Text: What a wonderful experience. Our grand kids are young (6 & 7) so big rides aren't quite appropriate, but they're too big for most kiddie rides. 
Beech Bend fills that gap perfectly. Some of the carnival type rides they'd seen before & were thrilled to see at this park. The swings, the scrambler and a couple others were a welcome sight.
Where we had the best time was in the water! The slides are a blast, the lazy river goes right through the wave pool & there is literally something for everyone, of every age here.
My grandson was able to push past some fears & go down the new slides after some coaxing, & he loved it.
I stayed with the younger child in the kids area & love how all the slides in this area make it easy to watch my child no matter where they are.
The life guards (who are everywhere) are very polite, I never heard one of them say "don't" they said "please walk" or "next time, please use the ladder" very professional. 
I don't generally expect much from the food in amusement parks & they surprised me here too. The cheeseburger was quite good, the pizza was delicious (so says the 7 year old) they have Dippin' Dots (need I say more)?
This was amazing fun for us all  & will most likely become an annual trip for us.
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty good. Free sunscreen at the waterpark area as well as flotation devices and vests for kids to use. Quite a bit of shade throughout the park. Drinks aren't free but if you buy the typical souvenir cup you can get $1 refills all year long. Ride selection is okay, better for kids and younger teens than older teens/adults. 

Cons are the thick blanket of tire smoke on drag racing days, and their "designated smoking area" gazebos--it isn't like smoke just stays in one spot. I get that the drag racing smoke happens, whatever, but why not make the park tobacco free? 

Haunted house could use small improvements too. 

Traffic getting there was an utter nightmare, but we found places to park at least. I like that they don't have the entire parking area paved. Probably helps with runoff, too.

Overall, good fun for kids. My nephews especially enjoyed the Splash Lagoon.
Rating: 5
Text: Very fun place to go for a quick get away. I live in Nashville and came here for the first time and had so much fun! The park isn't that big but it's worth the money spent for the ticket. It's not really crowded and if there's a line it moves pretty quick. They have one wooden roller coaster and some water slides that are really fun. You can rent lockers to store your things.  Very kid friendly, ppl are nice, and pretty good food! 
Rating: 4
Text: Great place to have the IA meet in October. Lots of fun, really friendly staff to get you around. For the first time, my son and I dragged race each other and others. What a blast!!
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here from June - September and it was amazing! You can't beat the affordability of the water park and Carnival membership passes if you're staying here for an extended time. We had the best summer ever staying here!
