Beechwood Acres Camping Resort
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean! Lots of activities! Heated pool, nice camping spots, cabins, rental campers, tent sites. Family friendly or good for friends to get away. Close to dayton, Cincinnati and Columbus. It's great, so make sure to book well in advance because people book it up all the time.
Rating: 4
Text: We're avid campers and we enjoyed our time here. Small Campground but friendly and clean. The hill down to our site was pretty steep and we arrived after dark, so they hooked our camper up to a tractor and put it in the site for us! I never heard of that anywhere lol. So the staff was great... The down side was we didn't really get a welcoming vibe from the seasonals but all in all it was nice and we had a good time. We would go back again if we were in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: Pros: Nice campground and stuff to do for the kids like big screen outdoor movies on Friday's to swimming in the pool where yours truly (dad) can cannon ball them when they're not looking :-). 

Cons: The people with pop-up, tents or campers that do not have your own showers, the showers at Beechwood are pay showers. First time in our frequent camping history we had to pay for showers. It's 25 cents for 2 1/2 minutes not to mention the toilet facilities are a totally different building. At $47.00 a night for pop-ups you would think it would include a free shower. 75 cents will usually get you though it in those small stalls if your the type that likes to lather up pretty good and really want to rinse all the soap off good.

In Conclusion:  Outside of that it is one of the nicest places we been and we will go back. Good luck and don't forget your bucket of quarters if you have a big family.
Rating: 1
Text: I hated this weekend I spent here. The workers were jerks to say the least. Make sure u read the whole website this place is like Verizon with all the added charges that aren't explained to you untill you stuck with the charge. The only reason I'm even giving them 1 star is they at least did not cut corners on the toilet paper I mean they had better quality toilet paper than my family uses bout that waz the only bright side.
Rating: 1
Text: We just returned home from a 4 night stay at Beechwood Acres Camping Resort. My family and I have stayed here many times and always enjoyed the atmosphere. However, after this weekend my heart is very saddened that we may never come back as long as management is run the way it is. Our family had three campsites reserved last October and some of our family slept in tents on our sites. We returned this year and reserved the same spots and had two tents again just like last year. We've always pitched tents for the older kids, etc. every time we've camped together for years. My husbands side of the family have been camping together for 38 years and this was one of the worst experiences this year. The guy that runs the office was very rude with me and our whole family. My sister-n-law paid $42 a night for a tent on a site that was already paid for because her tent was on my in-laws site with their RV. They said that a tent is considered another "UNIT". The policy states the there can only be one "UNIT" per site. The management handled the situation very poorly and treated everyone like we were trying to sneak and not pay. This was not the case at all. We just "simply" didn't know the policy. Also told me we shouldn't have a pop up camper up there because they hold those spots for the larger campers. I confirmed the reservations with this guy....don't you think you would have said that before or the year before when we stayed in the same spots. Anyway....I don't recommend this campground to anyone trying to camp with multiple families and want to have a great time together. Obviously, it was very clear that we were not welcomed by the staff. Instantly judged because they think we were trying to cheat them out of $42. We just simply didn't know. Oh and he thinks he fixed it by giving my site a discount of $5 a night. I wasn't looking for a discount. That wasn't ever the point that I was trying to make. I just didn't know the policy when making reservations. Every time I tried to explain, the manager just cut me off and went back to his handy dandy paperwork to point out every policy they have. Got me so fired up that I got emotional. I have never experienced anything so poorly managed in my life. He has the worst body language and was very condescending to me and my family.  Just please....I'm begging you to please read all policies if you do camp here so that you are not treated the way that we were. It was not a good experience at all. So sad the people are treated that way. There are so many other places to camp where we will feel welcomed by the staff.
