Bell Tower Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: The location of this hotel is perfect; nestled between the university and downtown, everything is within walking distance. Otherwise little stands out, and the premium price you pay here can only be justified by the location. The hotel came across as almost quaint. The doors have metal keys instead of the magnetic stripe locks most hotels use. And this matches the decor. Unfortunately this old design goes as far as the doors, which seem to let a lot of notice through; I could hear people walking and talking in the corridor. There's a complementary breakfast which is "continental" in an American sense, not a European sense. Eggs, fried potato chunks and some form of meat are included: I was very impressed with the sausages I had one morning, but these were replaced by mediocre bacon the next day. Staff were very friendly and helpful, and I'd be happy to stay here again if I needed to be close to downtown. Otherwise if you're willing to drive into town, there are more economical options on the outskirts of Ann Arbor.
Rating: 5
Text: Me and my girlfriend walked off the street at 10 at night and they had a room available for us. When you walk in it feels like you car going back in time. The lobby is lovely and their is elegant music playing, very classy. One the way to your room there are some very cool pictures hung up all over. When you get into the room it is very cozy and really nice. The number one best thing in the room are the beds. They feel like you are sleeping on a cloud and it is wonderful. The bathroom are amazing, very modern. There is even a TV built into the mirror in the bathroom. The only things I have to say is the shower takes a little bit to warm up (But it is an older building and we were on the 4th floor). Also don't trust the vending machines. Other then those two things the entire experience was wonderful and 110% worth the money for location and comfort.
Rating: 3
Text: Ann Arbor needs an upscale lodging option.  This hotel is clean and the staff are professional, but it is a 3 star at best.  There just isn't anything that stands out about it.  The only thing that saves it is the location.  Although clean, it feels like it hasn't been updated since the mid 80's.
Rating: 4
Text: Great hotel with a nice atmosphere. Rooms are good size and beds are comfortable. Good location with easy access to shops and restaurants.
Rating: 5
Text: The building has a classic hotel look and feel. What really made the difference here is the staff. Right from the time I parked my car. They were professional, personal, and super kind. The only thing I would warn future guests about is the bathroom. My bathroom has a step hidden behind the door. It is behind the door so you see it until you start to walk in the bathroom and possibly break a toe. I still give the place 5 stars!
