Belterra Casino Resort
Rating: 5
Text: Belterra is the very first casino I've ever been to. I must say this place is fabulous. The Food is superior you can choose to eat at the buffet or dine at the Steak House. Happy hour is fantastic!!! Free drinks and a lovely dinner.
The Games were a blast and the dealers really make u feel like a winner even if you don't win. The slot machines are so fun and the atmosphere is always exciting. 
The rooms are exquisite with beautifully decorated rooms but the bathroom was to die for!! Big Jacuzzi tubs and showers!! 
Absolutely love this place can't wait to come back!!
Rating: 5
Text: We didn't come for the gambling, we came to eat and to stay at the hotel! And what a beautiful place it was!! Our room was much bigger than the pictures on-line led me to believe! It was beautiful, very clean and very comfortable! We had a king sized bed, flat screen TV, desk and chair and lounge chair. The bathroom was huge! It had a shower AND a jacuzzi, a sink with a lot of counter space, a TV (which you can see form the tub) and a toilet. This place was great and we can't wait to visit again soon!

We came back for another fun stay with my mom and Mr. M. But this year, we also had my soon-to-be one year old boy. After living in Vegas, where just about every casino is meant for families and has tons of kids activities, it’s been jarring to find that many here don’t allow anyone under the age of twenty-one, even with parental supervision. But that’s not the case here and I’m so grateful! It’s wonderful to be able to bring my whole family. The hotel rooms are still just as large, comfortable, beautiful and well taken care of as they were on our last visit. And they brought our pack-and-play ASAP so Baby could nap and be less cranky for dinner at the buffet!
Rating: 5
Text: This is a nice getaway from your day today life. It has a luxurious accommodation even in the classic room category. The service is great and the location is awesome. It has a nice view outside. Also the hospitality they gave was wonderful. Overall I would say it's a perfect stay.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was very beautiful. The rooms were spacious and very extravagant. Biggest downside there was no mini fridge in each room. We stayed here for an anniversary get away, even won tickets from the local radio station. Was not overly impressed with staff and room features. No fridge, TV remote didn't function properly, and staff was not very well informed
Rating: 4
Text: Great hotel! It is absolutely beautiful and one of my favorites. The casino is still the old boat and the smoke is horrible. I had to leave due to air quality. Need to make it a smoke free casino like so many of the others have
