Bessemer Hostel
Rating: 5
Text: I loved my stay at the Bessemer Hostel! Drove up to the Hocking Hills from Arkansas and received a warm welcome from the owner. He reminded me of Bill Nye the Science Guy. I ate an egg in a cup and a small pumpkin. Then I explored the property, which had some very nice hand dug ponds, orchards, and an interesting structure that looked like a bunker. It is great for all sorts of travelers, except for bad apples. If you intend to damage property and cause trouble, then go stay somewhere else, because goons are not welcome here! I loved it and will return.
Rating: 5
Text: I can not begin to tell you how much fun I had in the area. The Bessemer Hostel is ECONOMICAL, CONVENIENT & most of all SAFE.

If you are looking for a bed & breakfast in SE Ohio, this is not it, it is a Hostel. 

Great place for hikers/backpackers/survivalists/trekkers and so close to the Wayne National Forest.

I am planning another trek soon and will AGAIN use this place as my starting point.

?
Rating: 1
Text: This place is a HUGE dump.  The guy running this place is super shady and double charged our credit card. I booked 4 days for my son & his family, and they didn't feel safe enough to even stay 1 hour, and they left. A dumpster would be a safer and cleaner place to stay.  DIS-GUS-TING ?
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful experience. Comfortable, clean, and safe; friendly, generous, and caring owner. Lots of trails in the National Forest right from the hostel and a short drive from Athens and lots of restaurants
I've seen a lot of negative reviews about this hostel, but have no idea why. I had a really great experience at the Bessemer Hostel! This is definitely one of my favorite places I have ever stayed while traveling. It was easy to find and the owner was incredibly friendly and concerned with his guests' comfort. He gave me a free copy of his book, told me about his travels, offered me lots of free food and coffee, and helped me to find the trails nearby. He even walked with me through the beginning of the trail to make sure I was going the right way. He was always coming up into the hostel to make sure I had everything I needed. The hostel itself was clean, warm, and comfortable. Everything was clearly labeled. During my stay, the area had a Snow Emergency, and he told me before the emergency was declared that I was welcome to stay another night if I needed to and got up early in the morning to shovel my car out of the snow for me. During the driving ban, I went for a walk and the neighbors near the hostel were very friendly. Overall, I had a wonderful stay at the hostel. I read lots of reviews before deciding to stay here because I am often hesitant for safety and security reasons to stay at a hostel. Hotels in general typically make me uncomfortable, but I never once felt uncomfortable here. From the negative things I remember reading in other reviews, I experienced none of them. Nothing about my stay was negative. The price of staying at the hostel was the best I could find and the owner did everything he could to make me feel at home. I absolutely loved staying here and the next time I am in the area, I wouldn't consider staying anywhere else. It's really a great place.
Rating: 1
Text: 

So a friend and I went to this hostel without actually reading the reviews. Big mistake. When we got here there was no one. We waited for 5 minutes until this man with a head light showed up from the outside. He letted us in. 
He started talking about how NSA man robbed him and accused us that we were here to intercept their calls.

After signing forms he asked our cards to charge money and disappeared. Meanwhile power of this place went out. That was pretty creepy. We went out to see where this guy was.
After some some he appeared and said since power went out so he wasn't able to charge and cards and would like to keep cards for the night to try again. We had enough so we told him that we had cash and to Bring out cards back. Meanwhile we picked our bags and signed form and came out side as we waited for him.

After he came we took the cards and left for a real hotel.

Next morning, hostel owner left me a voice mail that we were there to intercept his calls and email. 

Stay away from this place. I am surprised this hostel is still in business. 

All of the good reviews are written by owner himself. 

Update: this man is now illegally swiping my credit card to his bank account. I have already told my bank and placed a report against him.

