Best Western Plus Chicagoland - Countryside
Rating: 5
Text: Yes, yes and double yes! Outside of the king size bed, the room that actually smells very good when you enter it, the outstandingly accommodating hotel staff and the ambience of the guest, I am more than happy to recommend this place!!! I wish I was in Chicago more, so that I can be here to go to this hotel. If you're ever in this area, please, please, please go to this hotel. It will be the best experience you will have.
Rating: 4
Text: Really nice place, clean and friendly atmosphere. The morning breakfast is great and the location is perfect with plenty to do around the area. My only complaint was the poor internet service we had. Both my wife's and my computer constantly lost connectivity despite it always registering the signal as 'excellent' ...hence the 4 stars. Otherwise, a really good experience...and tasty free cookies in the evening to boot ?
Rating: 5
Text: We chose this hotel for a weekend centered on a Chicago Red Stars game and the location was fantastic. Close to restaurants, a large shopping center, as well as interstates to take into Chicago proper. Room was spacious, clean, and attractive. The breakfast selection was also really good and the area was nice and spacious. We will definitely stay again when visiting the area.
Rating: 2
Text: Hotel staff were great.
Breakfast was fine
Room was very small
Beds were very small
Bathroom  had mold in shower
Rating: 5
Text: From check-in to check out the whole staff was top-notch.  There was a good selection for breakfast.  The manager was very professional.  I literally checked out 11 hours ago and on to my next destination, my wife realized she left her bathroom vanity bag in the bathroom.  We called the hotel and housekeeping will be able to help us in the morning.  I did leave the maid a tip.  Due to the fact this was a very well run hotel, I am quite certain my wife's bag will be available for her daughter to collect in the morning.  Tony & Nancy LaPorta

PS.  As anticipated, housekeeping found my wife's bag and her daughter is collecting it this morning.  Well done to the staff at Best Western.  You rock.  Many thanks
