Best Western Des Plaines Inn
Rating: 5
Text: My daughter needed surgery and we were 5 hours from home.  The last thing you need in this kind of situation is to worry about adding all of the extra costs that go along with this.  Best Western in Des Plaines, IL, was wonderful!!  They were so accomodative in every way possible.  It was a very clean and a very comfortable facility, with a nice hot breakfast, but they cared about my daughter's surgery situation and gave us a good rate to accommodate our staying to meet our immediate need.  I have all great things to say about this hotel!!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: The room was nice, king with a hot tub...it was easy to get and not suuuper expensive. The place was clean and they had an awesome breakfast that was included with my stay. The bed was comfy and since we arrived from LA late they extended our check out time so we could get a little more sleep. Absolutely loved it and would stay again
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed at BW Des Plaines in conjunction with an overseas trip.  We booked using a park/sleep/fly website, parking for 7 days, then staying the night we returned.  The desk clerk and manager were very helpful, friendly, and professional.  Shuttle service to/from O'Hare was reliable and efficient.  Hotel facility is safe, clean, and comfortable.  Breakfast was better and more than we expected.
Rating: 1
Text: The room was good. The hot tub was awesome. However I was charged $250 for smoking in the room which I never did. Grant it I am a smoker but I smoked outside in the parking lot near my vehicle. I called the manager Selma and she went on to tell me that her staff smelled smoke and the rugs had to be treated and things of that nature. I asked to her to tell me what proof she had and she told me that they have been doing this job for years and her staff won't say someone is smoking in the room if they haven't. I stated to her that if she looked at her cameras for the dates that I stayed then they would see that I was outside smoking. If they smelled anything at all it was the smoke on my clothes that lingers on you after smoking. Any smoker can attest to that. I will never stay at a Best Western facility as long as I live and I will recommend that my friends and family don't either.
Rating: 5
Text: I want to say thank you very much for being so kind and patient with our situation. Personally I think that the staff was excellent, Al helped us with luggage on the way out and had everything ready to go by the time we came down to checkout. Breakfast was good with quite a few choices, fresh coffee in the early morning and we took a small snack to go. We will be back again in October/December!
