Best Western Inn of St. Charles
Rating: 4
Text: This is an older hotel, but it was clean and I feel I definitely got what I expected for the price. The staff was nice and very accommodating. The breakfast had many choices and the fruit was nice as well. The staff continually made sure everything was full. We had trouble with the TV and they sent someone down immediately to fix it.  We were in town for a wedding and we enjoyed our stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean place, the staff was more than accommodating, I believe it is family-owned judging by the way the staff interacted with each other which was a nice Personal Touch. I overslept due to being from a different time zone and they were forgiving and did not charge me for an extra day. My only complaint, which was completely out of their control, was a lack of parking spaces, but obviously way more people were parked there than they had rooms for, so that wasn't really a big deal, plus I was able to just park in a neighboring parking lot and I didn't get towed or ticketed.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place  clean rooms hot Breakfast and a great staff
Rating: 1
Text: Received a phone call in middle of day of check in. Hotel staff was asking if I was still coming to the hotel??? I said yes but as explained on reservation I was travelling with a group on motorcycles from Toronto to St Charles Illinois and check in was late. It was only 2:00pm at this time and we still had miles to go. He said he'd have to charge card on file for all rooms which I had reserved. I said card on my file was to hold rooms and each individual riding with me would check in on arrival. When we arrived charges were already done on my card and rooms we had requested on ground floor were given out earlier. Never happened before at any hotel and we travel as a group multiple times a year.
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT STAY HERE!
Our visit started out ok.  We arrived earlier than expected, and were greeted by the  staff. We were given our room keys, but told to wait an hour or so until the room was cleaned.  No problem.  Our room ended up not being ready until the actual check-in time.  Again, no problem.  Initially our room was adequate.  We didn't notice anything of concern.  We quickly readied for a wedding, and left.  Later that night, when turning the bed down, I found the sheets were wet.  We called the front desk and she came to the room immediately.  That is when our stay turned sour.  The lady did apologize saying there wasn't another free room to move us to, but they would change the sheets, and left to gather them.
While waiting, my husband stripped the bed to find the underneath of the comforter damp with yellow stains present.  The plastic mattress cover was wet and everything had a strong urine odor.  I phoned the front desk to make sure they understood, they need to disinfect this mattress, not just change the sheets.  She said she would come to our room.  Now we have 2 employees, and I asked them to smell the sheets.  They wouldn't, and from that moment on, they only conversed in their native language.  They didn't disinfect the mattress, just wiped off with a dry towel.  They were put out because we expected them to make the bed.  They had planned on just handing us the sheets!  Mind you, it is now 11:35 pm.  Our choice would be to pack and go to another hotel.  Fast forward to check out....The same woman who inspected the bed, and RUDElY spoke in a language we couldn't understand, tells us that because she changed the sheets, and we stayed, our visit is nonrefundable or discountable!  We asked for corporate and suddenly a manager discounted our stay.  We had to fight for a discount when it should have been comped without hesitation.  We have stayed in Best Westerns in other cities.  If Best Western is smart, they will drop this hotel from their chain.  It's more like a cheap motel.  We intend to notify the local health department, BBB, and the Best Western Corporate Office.
