Best Western Louisville East
Rating: 5
Text: First of all, Erica at the front desk is AMAZING. We are from Louisville, but moved and are in town for a night. She made us really miss home. So friendly and hospitable, we will never stay anywhere else when we come to town. Second, the accommodations are cozy, clean, and close to EVERYTHING. Hands down, a great experience and value.
Rating: 5
Text: The room was great, spacious, comfortable. The bed was huge and very comfortable and the staff was extremely friendly ? The price was great, extremely affordable. Erica(at the front desk) was super sweet and fun to talk to, very helpful, and overall made our experience that much better! You can't miss her, she's got the pigtails ? If you're at this hotel and you need help, talk to her, she's your girl ?? If we're ever back in Jefferson town, Ky we'll be staying here again!!!
Rating: 5
Text: This is a really cool and homey hotel!  The inside might be somewhat dated in certain areas, but there is coffee 24/7.  There is also an ice machine on the lobby floor which actually helped me because I was constantly icing my knee.  Breakfast everyday was obviously the highlight, and there is plentiful fruit, cereal, chocolate chips, yogurt, apples, and bananas.  So, there is the ability to go healthy for sure and it's awesome!  There is also the standard eggs, sausage, and other greasy fare if your tummy can handle it or that's what you prefer.  The room was nice and the housekeepers always did a fine job.  The bed was comfy and the place was pretty quiet.  I left my socks in drawer number 2 in room [below the flat screen TV which happens to have a bunch of channels] and when I called they told me I could get a shipping label and then email it to them.  They would then put my socks in a box and ship it back to me.  The front desk was very helpful and sure enough I got my socks back!  I was basically on a respite away from home during the Kentucky Derby, and this hotel was awesome.  There is coffee to make in your room as well!
Rating: 4
Text: Good place to stay. Reasonable rates, excellent hot breakfast bar, hot tub was nice but not much bubble pressure, pool was cool, room was nice but expected a queen size bed in our suite when it was listed as separate bedroom. It had a pull out couch which was on the way of getting out of the room in case of emergency.  Wasn't happy about that at all and climbing over the bed for the elderly such as husband and I was a nightmare. Overall this is a good play to stay if your looking for a reasonable place to stay. I was very happy to find that bed bugs WAS NOT an issue! Would definately stay here again!
Rating: 3
Text: Pros - Clean room, comfy bed. Cons - Terrible breakfast, noisy & tiny bathroom. Wonky wifi.
