Best Western Shelbyville Lodge
Rating: 4
Text: Nice Hotel. Clean, clean room. Pet fee is bit high, over avg pet fees we've paid elsewhere . I'd recommend staying in a room off the main street side, we heard the traffic all night off main street side where our room was. Staff was great, for breakfast they offer the cheap & bad tasting brown & serve sausage , no eggs, no bacon... Except for the yukky sausage, the other foods offered was good and area very clean. Will stay again, hope they decide to offer guests eggs in a state with so many chickens!
Rating: 2
Text: This facility is close to the business I visit.  However, I will plan to stay somewhere else for my next visit.  I had multiple issues, enough to give up some of the proximity advantage for a more consistent lodging quality.  

I understand there is a new owner so there may be improvement opportunity.  The bed is adequate and the shower pressure is acceptable, two important things for my traveling needs.
Rating: 4
Text: Would stay her again.  Staff was so accommodating and room spacious with all the amenities.   A welcoming lobby with Popcorn and fresh coffee 24 - 7.   
Jeri  and Tracey on our check in were super helpful and friendly as was the breakfast and morning desk clerk helping with all our needs and comfort.
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is located close to the interstate and not far from most major attractions in the area. I found the hotel to be very clean and well kept. The rooms are spacious and the beds are very comfortable. The mini fridge in our room hummed very loudly, but we got used to the backgrounds nose very quickly. We had a very pleasant stay and I think my only complaint was that the Continental breakfast is served only until 9am. We slept through the time for breakfast and wound up having to go elsewhere for breakfast.
Rating: 3
Text: I had originally booked two rooms that were supposed to be adjoining since we had kids with us. Upon arrival, we were told that the best they could do was to give us two rooms next to each other. There was a storage closet / area between the rooms. The room the adults were in smelled like smoke covered by cologne even though it was supposed to be a nonsmoking room. We survived but was not an ideal situation with 4 kids.
