Best Western Plus Washington Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: My sister, brother and I were in town for a funeral. We were impressed with the attentiveness of the overnight desk clerk and the morning desk clerk and their eagerness to insure that we had a comfortable stay and that we would be return guests. The hotel is beautiful and clean.The rooms are absolutely beautiful and comfortable.  The decor is beautiful and worthy of a resort. Although we did not have time to take advantage of the breakfast, the aroma from the dining room made it difficult to resist!
Rating: 3
Text: I want you to know that we have stayed at your hotel on many different occasions. On this one we stayed in rom 213 with a king bed and Jacuzzi.
Here are things you need to improve in this room:
There is a gouge out of the wall to the left after walking in the door.
There is a deep scratch in the drawer of the desk.
The light above the Jacuzzi did not work.
The metal piece in the Jacuzzi tub looked a bit rusty and spun around which I believe should be stationary.
I had no hesitation of giving this location  5 stars for past visits. I love how clean it is kept BUT you must maintain the quality of the rooms.
Rating: 5
Text: I originally only planned to spend one night, but when the wedding party that I came from turned into a weekend thing they were very helpful about extending the room another night. The staff were amazing; helpful, nice, and attentive. The room was great, if a bit small. Soft pillows, mini-fridge, microwave and keurig. Breakfast selection was okay, but the gravy was awful. I will definitely stay here again the next time I'm in town.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a delightful stay at the Washington, Missouri Best Western. Clean, courteous help at front desk and at breakfast. Our room felt very humid the first night . . . second day Maintenance brought in a dehumidifier which helped a lot. We were staying in the room with a whirlpool tub. We had not used the tub at all but room was maybe humid from last visitors.Dehumidifier did the trick. Room was very clean and whirlpool tub was a beautiful addition to our room with mirrors all around the tub, pillars in front. We mainly wanted a room with a King bed and this one was only one available . . . bed was VERY comfy too.
Rating: 5
Text: The service was great! The man at the front desk drew a map showing us the best parts of the nearby parks to see the eclipse. The rooms were very clean and tidy. The hotel is right off the main road and is easy to navigate to other local area as well.
