Best Western St. Louis Inn
Rating: 4
Text: The quality of the breakfast was one of the worst Best Western breakfasts my wife and I have experienced, and that includes about a dozen.  If it wasn't for the waffles and waffle-pancakes, we would have gone to the restaurant across the road for breakfast.  The taste of the eggs, hash browns, and sausage left a lot to be desired.  Hot items were hot, cold items were cold.  I will praise the temperature of the milk...one of the coldest Best Western milks I've had.  The one girl in the mornings liked to express her life to most of the hotel guests, which wasn't very enjoyable.  And the open bottle of liquor outside the 3rd floor exterior door made the hotel look iffy.  But due to a non-working fridge, which hasn't been working for quite some time, we were moved to the 2nd floor, where our stay was much more enjoyable, other than the breakfast.  Mostly quiet halls.  Clean smelling room.  And no bed bugs in either room (and yes, I check with a flash light), which is a major concern everywhere.  Would I stay here again?  Yes.  The location was very convenient and easy to get to off I-55.  And many other fast food restaurants were just a couple miles on up 55.
Rating: 3
Text: We had a floor level accessible double room. Room was nice and clean. Lamp on night stand and plug outlets did not work. Shower head looked like it had been broken but was recently replaced with a plastic handheld one that did not match the cradle fitted in the shower. You needed to hold it the whole time you showered. Breakfast was good, service was good. Unfortunately, there seemed to only be one person serving at the front desk and serving breakfast. It's probably more like a three person job. She did it all well and with a smile, but the hotel was pretty full. There should have been more staff available. Would stay here again. It has actually improved since the last time we stayed here a few years ago.
Rating: 4
Text: This is a great hotel when visiting St Louis. Very clean, great breakfast- just needs fresher pastries and bagels.  Staff is all very accommodating.  Nice indoor pool.
Rating: 4
Text: We stay frequently when attending Cardinal games. We choose this BW because of the rates, the nearby restaurants and shopping, and the relatively close drive to the downtown area. It is an easy on/off the interstate, also. The continental breakfast is usually enjoyable, the staff is friendly, and the rooms are clean. Most rooms have been recently remodeled.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great hotel for the price and it is close to South County Shopping good restaurants and short drive to the downtown area, in non rush hour times. Staff is very helpful and the rooms are spotless.
