Best Western Plus Covered Bridge Inn
Rating: 5
Text: I was completely surprised at this jewel! We wound up extending our stay due to the staff friendliness, hotel cleanliness and location to our family. 

Elva has remarkable customer service! Each am she greeted my toddler granddaughter with a smile and warm greeting. I had a issue with how I booked when I tried to extend and Elva and the manager had it cleared up quickly. 

Breakfast is typical of a continental menu. Several options for all palates. 

Cleaning staff does a great job cleaning the rooms and engaging with the guests. I saved this as a favorite for future visits.
Rating: 5
Text: The service was astounding. We had gotten there earlier than check in and we're accommodated in a timely fashion. Extremely polite. The room itself was nice. It was the first time we had the thermostat stay at a decent temperature throughout our stay. The walls are a bit thin so you can hear the noise in the other rooms. Breakfast was decent. Mostly cold cereal, yogurt, juice, etc. It was filling enough and lasted a good time.
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel was a favorite of ours as we traveled from our home in Michigan to our son's home in Joplin, MO.  That changed dramatically with our stay on Oct 10, 2017.  We had an extra $10.00 discount coupon which was to be used at check-in.  We earned this coupon by staying at Best Western Hotels , to include this one,  earlier this year.   When we checked out the clerk told us she couldn't  give us a receipt showing the discount because the Manager was not there to approve it.  We were told that would happen latter that morning  and that we would receive a receipt showing the discount via e-mail.  Well that didn't happen.  The next day I called the hotel twice and was told the manager was not available,, I ask the clerk to e-mail the receipt showing the final discounted  total charged to my credit card.  I finally received one after the second call.  But not discount!!!   I checked my credit card account, NO DISCOUNT!  I called the hotel...Manager not available.  Thus a one star rating which is high!!
Rating: 5
Text: Receptionist at front desk was very helpful. The room was nice and clean. Just a little bit small however it was sufficient!
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed here unexpectedly for one night  after a very long drive.  We chose this hotel after reading the reviews for the other hotels in the surrounding area.  It was a very nice experience given the price.  On the cleaner side, nice decor and very kept up lobby.  The complimentary breakfast was exceptionally good (again, given the price) and staff worked diligently to keep it stocked.  Check in and check out were easy and the staff was polite.  Most importantly, no bed bugs!!!!
