Best Western Wichita North Hotel & Suites
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel was recommended to me for a birthday party. I ended up getting a birthday package. I was excited about the pool and the arcade. When we got there, nobody knew where we were supposed to set up for our birthday party. We had to get all the equipment ourselves from the front desk for the pool and ping pong tables. We also had to request more plates and cups. Nobody ever came to ask us if we needed anything. You would think it would be part of the customer service. The pool was cold and the hot tub looked gross. The arcade was small and was not closed off to our guest. You would think if we paid for that area it would be. As soon as I set things out the other guest started to play!  Our AC did not work in our room. The girls ended up having a good time but I will look for a better option next time.
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place. As many years that we've been staying here they always have clean rooms, the most comfortable beds and pillows. The staff is always friendly and courteous. The restaurant has good food also.  We never stay anywhere else when in Wichita.
Rating: 4
Text: Great little hotel in Wichita. You can tell it's a bit older on the outside and some of the interior decoration but that gave it character. The rooms were more updated and all the general amenities were good for my staff. Staff was super friendly and the breakfast buffet was good.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I loved our stay here. We booked online traveling and the place has been great! The room was clean, comfortable and exceeded our expectations! The staff were all very sweet and helpful. The breakfast buffet was excellent- the hot food was hot and the fruit was fresh and sweet! Lots of options too! We had our dog with us and I was expecting to hear other dogs through the night. All was great! I recommend this place!! 
Rating: 5
Text: Best Western Wichita North Was a great experience. Staff at check in was quick and friendly. The hotel has an I interesting design and layout, with exposed brick walls and the rooms centered around a large lounge area. In addition to the indoor pool and jacuzzi the hotel also offered an arcade, ping pong, pool tables, shuffle board court and even a putting green! The rooms were very nice with large flat stern tvs and comfortable beds. The complimentary breakfast buffet was fantastic, with made to order eggs, a large selection of fresh fruit and much more. The servers were attentive and friendly, will stay again.
