Best Western State Fair Inn
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel has rooms that open to the outside and some that open to the inside.  We had an outside room at first and the traffic noise kept me up.  We moved to an inside room and it was much better.  The breakfast bar was pretty good. I would have liked the mattresses to be a bit softer, but otherwise the room was good.
Rating: 5
Text: We needed many rooms for out of town family to attend funeral services. The staff at the Best Western were all very kind, understanding and accommodating to our entire group. They kept reservations, check-in/check-out and all of the billing very organized. All of the rooms were clean and fresh. They accommodated us with flexible checkout so that we could attend the services without having to carry luggage around. All interactions were met with friendly staff, willing to take extra care to make sure we were comfortable and had a place to gather with family and friends. This staff and their attentiveness allowed the family to focus on our own needs and each other during a difficult time. I am very pleased with this choice and extend a personal "Thank You" to the staff.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was clean ,friendly and reasonable price but I am a large man the Toilet felt like it was 6" off the ground and the size of a life saver! other than that it was a good place! would stay again maybe ask for handicaped room
Rating: 3
Text: Called 2 hrs ahead while still on Road. Pet friendly, king size, non-smoking. No pet fees. Sr. discount. No frills. Rooms outdated but clean. Had full-fledged, complimentary buffet breakfast with coffee, fruit & juice bar. Staff very friendly. Would stay again.
Rating: 2
Text: Hotel need some serious updating.  Heating/cooling, water temperature, toilet all need work.  Cleanliness not up to par.  Hotel staff, however, was friendly. This is a pet friendly hotel but there are no rules (apparently) on keeping the animals quiet as several barked all night. The breakfast buffet and the restaurant where outstanding.
