Best Western Geneseo Inn
Rating: 5
Text: We had an excellent experience for the 2 nights we stayed here.  We have stayed here often.  The room was quiet, clean, and had updated decor.  Bed and room temp were comfortable.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Free full hot/cold breakfast was fine.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay.  Rooms are well appointed. Fully modernized and renovated. Wonderful staff.   Great breakfast. Even bottle of chllled water at the desk.   Very comfortable beds. Crisp sheets.   Top Notch operation.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and modern hotel. We love the decor. It is conviently located. We highly recommend sweet peas for dinner and/or drinks. It is located right next door. The hotel even put stepping stones up the small hill to help guests. It was a lovely evening with the kids. They felt like royalty. We will always choose the best western in geneseo. The hot tub room is amazing.
Rating: 5
Text: Great value with no pretensions. Friendly & competent staff, good beds, super clean and neat. Stayed at a series of them on recent road trip. Consistently inviting.
Rating: 1
Text: We had made reservations for two rooms.  One room was okay.  The other room smelled horribly of varnish you gagged.  The door would not lock on the room either from the inside or the outside.  Went to the desk and told the lady, she was nasty, told us to go back and lift the door and slam it.  We tried, but it would not work.  Went back to the desk again, told her it didn't work, she gave us another key card and told us to try it.  We did, and guess what it didn't lock again.  She even tried it.
She gave us the room next door which only had one bed, where the room we reserved had 2 beds for 4 people.  I asked for a partial refund, and she told me absolutely no, that the one bedroom was more expensive than the 2 bedroom even though the 2 bedroom was much bigger.
Breakfast was okay.  We went after 6:30 and it opened at 6 a.m.  The lady was still setting things up, didn't have the omelet station ready, etc.
The pool bottom was horrible.  It scratched the children's feet up.
If I ever go through this town again, I certainly won't be staying here again.
