Best Western Hospitality Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Our reservations were for three nights during the water outage.  We were pleased with our room.  Good mattress and pillows.  The breakfast each morning was great!  A good variety of breakfast choices.  The attendant was always there to replenish the food and help if there were questions.  The staff was helpful, knowledgeable and pleasant.
Rating: 3
Text: Very nice lobby, safe area (wasn’t nervous about vehicle theft), no issues with the reservation, and a beautiful spread for breakfast. 

The guy checking me in apparently didn’t like his job, he maybe said three sentences to me while talking up a storm with the other guest services employee. I would call his attitude borderline rude. 

The gal who replaced him was very kind, as well as the gal who helped me with checkout the following morning. 

The room was in need of repair. The caulking was cracked and some was missing around the bathtub (which I didn’t use because it was definitely not cleaned), and the toilet seat had not been cleaned. 

I’ll be staying at a different best western in the area next time.
Rating: 2
Text: Light blocking curtains don't close, moulding and grout in bathroom is deteriorating. The shower/tub used to be jacuzzi but the Jets are blocked off. You literally need a step stool to get in to take a shower. Mold stains on ceiling. But good location, cheap, it's what you can expect for the price.
Rating: 2
Text: Super friendly staff! Comfortable bed. Breakfast was OK. Hot breakfast - pressed egg patties and sausages were dicey.

Room was poorly decorated. Missing night stand on one side of the bed (had to use my luggage as a table). No luggage rack, had to use the Jacuzzi instead.  The Jacuzzi took up a decent amount of room space - why have one? It's not a romantic gateway to justify a massive Jacuzzi! Missing pictures on the wall! Awfully noisy heating/cooling system. Traffic noise was bad.

Have to say that the staff were fantastic! Didn't expect them to address the issues, hopefully the management/owners can.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed 5 days at the best western in Tucson. Even though there was road constuction in front; my room was quiet, clean and comfortable. The free breakfast was great and there was hot coffee 24 hours a day. The staff could not have been nicer. Gowing up my family would always look for a Best Western hotel when traveling, now I will too.
