Best Western Canal Winchester Inn - Columbus South East
Rating: 3
Text: Staff is excellent. Helpful and amazing friendliness.  But hotel far overpriced for quality and amenities. Hotel advertised as non-smoking but strong smell of smoke when we entered room as well as musty AC. A blanket sandwiched in between two sheets is unacceptable when blanket edge sticks out...should be laundered after each guest but obviously was worn and limp  - not newly cleaned.  And pillows were so hard I had to buy one just for this visit so I could sleep. Awful.  Didn't bother with breakfast. Wish it was better since it is quite convenient for us, but next visit will stay somewhere else.
Rating: 2
Text: When we arrived at 4am, the front desk person was nowhere to be found. We called from our cell phone, but no answer. We called 2 more times. Nothing. We drove around the complex thinking that maybe they were outside smoking or something. But no one was there. 25 min had passed. Once we drove back around, we saw that a man was finally coming out from the back to the front desk. Finally! He did discount $10. Sadly, the beds are hard. My husband and I love firm beds, but this feels like plywood. They're really old. So, if you don't mind waiting and a bit of discomfort, then this could be ok. I'm writing this from the bed right now and, well...my back hurts, but it's late and will have to do.  Just thought I would warn you guys. Maybe there are better beds in other rooms. If that's the case, avoid room 225 until new beds are installed.
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is conveniently located near the highway but in a very quiet area close to several restaurants.  Although the hotel is an older building, it is well-kept and clean.  The room was large and comfortable and quiet.  The breakfast was ample and all the service persons were friendly and helpful.  All in all, a good place to stay.
Rating: 4
Text: A few miles outside of the city, the location is fairly quiet. Staff were amiable and helpful. The King Suite with Whirlpool was very nice for the price. I'm not sure I would call it a suite, but the room is large and calling it such isn't entirely disingenuous. The bed was comfortable and the grounds were well maintained. My only complaint is that the balcony is not outside, but attached to the indoor pool area, so the noise from the kids playing in the pool is present in the room. The hot tub in the pool area was down for maintenance during our stay - we didn't mind, but others might. Regular checkout was 11; a late checkout of noon was granted at a simple request, with no additional charge. Overall, while it's not exceptional, I would stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel is the cleanest in the area!! It's well maintained, the staff is friendly, courteous, polite, helpful, and professional.  They are accommodating and helped where they could. 

The hot breakfast is a hit, great selection and fresh.  The breakfast staff woman is so friendly  would pay to eat breakfast there even if I wasn't staying there!!! 

The rooms are clean and so is the hotel.  Will defiantly stay there again if we are in the area!!
