Best Western Plus Fort Wayne Inn & Suites North
Rating: 3
Text: Presentation both outdoors and in was warm and receiving, with a helpful front desk reception. The pool was recently renovated but the hot tub was unbearably hot, with no option to alter the temperature. The room itself was nice enough, the shower/tub did not drain so we stood in our own shower water. The TV reception was spotty, and the bed was rather hard. The location in the city was very convenient however, right off both Lima Road and I-69.
Rating: 5
Text: Good hot breakfast (I love Waffles!), reasonable rates, clean rooms (great beds, maybe new carpet soonish), and exceptional staff made our short notice stay very pleasant. Did I mention great front desk staff? We had booked at a special rate, and they were gracious to see about extending it for us to add a second night.

1 note - I know it's not a major metropolis, but the option of (even a shared) airport shuttle would be a win for travelers.

Thanks to the team for a great stay!
Rating: 4
Text: The location of this Best Western was convenient to major roads, intersections, and attractions. The front desk staff was friendly and the check-in and check-out process was seamless. Although I had requested an email to complete to express check-out, I never received one, but the desk process want a hassle. The pool is not heated and actually quite cold. Our kids played in it anyway but it wasn't that pleasant to spend a lot of time in. The room was clean and stocked with plenty of towels and the normal toiletries for a family of 4. We all slept great as the beds and pillows were very comfortable. Breakfast left a little to be desired but was acceptable for the overall price of the accommodation. When we return to Ft. Wayne we will definitely consider the Best Western again.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a pleasing experience at this hotel with helpful staff, and a clean and comfortable room.  The king bed was very pleasant along with the pillows.  The room was warm and quiet and both my wife and I had plenty of sleep.  Give it an A.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff members were very accommodating when we needed late check-out. They also placed us away from other guests. Clean and comfortable. Very good rate. My only possible complaint is not getting a roll away crib immediately upon check in. We still got one soon after.
