Best Western J. C. Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel for the price.  Front desk was so polite and helpful! Room was good, clean, bed, pillows - great! The cleaning staff was so upbeat and smiling - simply made my day start off so positive!
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms and clean and comfortable. Breakfast is to be expected as the standard continental faire, though some of the "hot" items I had to rewarm in the microwave at 6:45am. Day staff is great but the night staff leaves something to be desired. While writing this review, the front desk clerk has grown her party large enough that it's warranted a move outside to the gazebo reserved for smoking guests. Now, my company booked this hotel for my extended stay for work, but I would consider this for next year when I travel back and make lodging recommendations.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I would definitely stay here again.  Very friendly staff.  Room was clean and comfortable.  Easy access on and off the highway.  Several restaurants within walking distance.  Typical selection of breakfast items.  Animal Planet was on the TV for breakfast.  We get tired of watching the news or the Weather channel when we eat breakfast so for us it was a great change of pace.  We go on vacation to get away from the news.  There is no elevator for the 2nd floor but that didn't bother us.
Rating: 3
Text: Good visit is you don't mind the little stuff.  No gold card freebies, no use of pool, no hot tub. If you come the last hour of breakfast they will not restock for you.  Evening check in gal was wonderful. Morning check out gal was often outside smoking. It was a clean and comfortable stay
Rating: 3
Text: Upon opening the door, I was smacked in the face with a potpourri smell that was overpowering. It was everywhere. Hallways and in our room. I could still smell it hours after being our the room. Not sure if its carpet fresh or what but they need to learn the term moderation! The walls were thin, lots of stomping from upstairs could be heard. A party of about 15 was going on in the hallway outside our room. The room itself was clean and the beds comfortable. Breakfast area was too small for the number of guests. I got to listen to an employee whining about the containers holding the hot food falling on her hand and if it fell again, she was quitting. She also complained about how behind she was on restocking the food but never actually came out of her area into the dining room to do anything during the 20 minutes I was there. The pool was clean but very small and pool towels were not stocked.
