Best Western Legacy Inn & Suites Beloit-South Beloit
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here as a group on a weekend bus trip. I worked directly with the manager, Liz, to secure our rooms at a decent group rate. She was so easy to work with and did everything she could to accommodate our group. I appreciated her professional and friendly manner. 
When our group of almost 50 people arrived the hotel staff checked us in in a timely fashion. Some of our friends from the area brought us supper and the hotel staff allowed them to use the meeting room and breakfast area to feed us. Wow! That was above and beyond. Our rooms were clean and quiet. Breakfast was great with a nice variety of options. Yes, I'd definitely stay here again and recommend it to our friends.
Rating: 4
Text: Very likely the best hotel in the Rockton/Roscoe/South Beloit area. The breakfast was actually the best one I've ever had at a hotel. The pool was kind of small, but the area itself is clean and safe. 

We had a King suite and it was comfortable and large enough for my family. My older children slept on the sofa bed and there was room still room for my infant to have her pack and play out.
Rating: 5
Text: We moved from Beloit to Rockton this summer. We chose this hotel because they were pet friendly (THANK YOU!!) We had booked this hotel for one night. Our closings did not go as originally scheduled, so after we had checked out, we called and asked if we could come back. We were graciously welcomed and at a reduced rate. They allowed us to stay on a status of "when it happens, we'll check out." They were very understanding and interested in our comfort...both physically with the room and mentally with the service they provided. They even held breakfast open past hours for our convenience. We were very pleased and thankful for their easing our frustrating circumstances. Thank you!
Rating: 5
Text: Nice clean motel, warm breakfast in the morning, and excellent service.  I was particularly impressed with how quickly the cleaning crew reported my piece of luggage I accidentally left in the room upon checkout.  I received a call from the front desk host before I even left town, so was able to pick up my luggage without a lot of extra effort. 
The pool room is nice, but the pool is quite small.  Overall a nice stay in this South Beloit motel.
Rating: 1
Text: The swimming pool is green,  the heater in the room gets hot. Never turns off air comes on about 10 minutes later. The night clerk tried the room next door. Heater dose same thing in that room to. So don't pay for a pool if you can't use it. Well its 1:am heater just went cold again time to turn it off. The maintenance man gave a thumbs up on the pool when I showed it to him, laughed and walked away. I don't usually don't do reviews but had time waiting for heat to go cold.
