Best Western Plus Mid Nebraska Inn & Suites
Rating: 1
Text: OK, I'm going to be very honest here. The hotel was good the hallways could use a really good deep cleaning, carpets cleaned or updated. The staff was nice. The rooms were very nice and comfortable. But, as I was getting ready for bed I noticed that the bathroom had hair all over the bathtub and there was a dirty towel hanging in the bathroom. This made me question the cleanliness of the whole room. I called down to the front desk, she told me there was nothing she could do at this point other than come in at midnight and clean my bathroom while I was sleeping. I was not comfortable with that so she said as soon as housekeeping showed up they could come clean it. I called down to the front desk when I woke up about 8am they said housekeeping just showed up and they would come Clean it, I waited for about 45 minutes before they showed up. Missing my daughter play volleyball that morning, the only reason I was in Kearney. As I checked out I told them what had happened and asked for the manager to call me, 2 weeks later I'm still waiting to here from her even though I've left a message to speak with her. So, make sure and check your room before getting to comfortable in it.
Rating: 3
Text: Comfortable & clean. Adequate breakfast but really didn't like the coffee. Very awkward entrance/ exit from street. It involved a sort of access road across another business' parking lot. BW Plus sign also too small to be easily seen from street.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great property!  The room was large, well appointed, the bed was extremely comfortable.  The breakfast was great with an assortment of items.  Very clean throughout!  Great property, highly recommend staying here!
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great place to stay. Good clean facility, friendly and professional staff. Full breakfast. Love the decor in the rooms. Beds are comfy with lots of pillows to snuggle in.
Rating: 5
Text: What a great and relaxing experience we had at the Kearney Best Western. Loved the happy hour, hot tub,  fitness center, and hot breakfast! The bed was also extremely comfortable. I would highly recommend this hotel!
