Best Western Holiday Manor
Rating: 3
Text: Pros: it's clean, staff is usually outgoing and pleasant, breakfast is wonderful, beds are comfortable and price is competitive. 

Cons: when you book and pay via a travel agency the motel still pulls payment from from your card and it then sits as "pending" for i don't know how long as it's been 6 days now and is still pending, haven't had a motel do this before (stay 4 out of 7 days a wk on the norm) Its just an unnecessary inconvenience, possibly not everyone has the extra funds to be held aside for days? 
Only other con for me was noise level... when you work nights it is quite difficult to sleep in a motel regardless but vacuums and staff visiting just outside your door can be avoidable... 
Regardless, as of yet this motel is the best I have found when working near this area and I will return ... it's nice to find a place that feels kinda sorta like home when your job keeps you on the road more then at home .. I travel with a service dog and 1 of the staff members even remembered her name and spoke to her... the little things do make a difference.
Rating: 4
Text: We arrived at the hotel on a Saturday afternoon.   At check in we were upgraded to a room with two queen beds as I must have clicked on the wrong option on the web site.  The young man who checked us in fixed us up quickly.  I had also forgotten my gift cards, but was able to call back after check out and they took care of that too.  This was our second stay at this Best Western hotel in a year and they were great as usual!
Rating: 5
Text: This is a very quaint motel with very friendly staff. Its not necessarily a luxurious motel but very clean and homey atmosphere and small town feeling. Great place for a family to stay. The staff is very helpful.
My family and I stay here frequently and as always, we enjoy this facility and especially the staff who are always there to help. Its like a family atmosphere. Love this place and the staff.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, friendly staff, reasonably priced. Only thing to suggest is get to the breakfast early. It's a great selection of hot and cold breakfast goodies but the dining area is very small. They need to expand the dining area and have another person or two refilling the hot food.  Otherwise, very comfortable stay. 
Rating: 5
Text: I travel a lot for my business. I stayed a lot of Best Westerns. This one is special though, this one the young lady at the front desk is always had a very nice smile and a Charming personality always ready with the suggestion of someplace to eat or something to do with what little free time that I have while I'm in town. By far what makes this Best Western stand out from all the others is the staff that they have on hand to help you with your every need.
