Best Western Topeka Inn & Suites
Rating: 3
Text: October 2016:  Very nice property.  Room was clean and in good repair.  Good lighting.  Pool was warm - nice.  Staff was friendly and professional.  Breakfast was good with nice selection of items.  Great value for the price.
October 2017:  Disappointing.  Carpet was dirty or stained and coming apart at the seams.  The sofa bed was torn in at least 3 places (not small tears either) and one arm was broken.  The shower pressure was low and the mix was such that it was quite warm on the coldest setting.  This was supposed to be an upgrade. Also had to move the microwave to a different table as there was no way to plug it in.   Sad what difference a year made.
Rating: 2
Text: The main entry is nice clean and welcoming. When we came in there weren't to many rooms available but we received a room that could accommodate our family thankfully because it was late and our kids were super tired. Room 210 was the one we were given. The room was nice and clean but the lock didn't work you could push the door open with out the key, even when the deadbolt was locked. We didn't ask for another room because we had already got the kids in bed and settled in before noticing. We pushed the chair in front of the door so if someone did try to come in they couldn't. The sheets didn't even fit the king size bed they were on. The place is nice. It has a nice lighted parking lot but it's not worth the $120 we paid. I feel like the room quality was on level with the motel 6 across the street for half the price. We expected a lot nicer of a room for that price. The staff was friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: Hotel is in a great location; easier on/off the interstate; many restaurants within three miles. Staff are friendly. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Good choices for breakfast (has a waffle machine!).
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel in topeka. Quiet area with very large and comfortable rooms. The hotel is clean and the service was very good.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice clean 2 bed queen room. Reasonable rates right off highway 75 South at Fairlawn, No sign on 75 South to say it's there. Across street from Ramada. Good choices for breakfast. 


