Best Western Lincoln Inn
Rating: 3
Text: I would have given this motel a higher rating but for the following:
-the telephones in the rooms were out of order;
-the card access did not work on the exterior doors;
-the folks across the hall let their children run wild at all hours of the night and there were a lot of f-bombs from another room in the middle of the night.  Because the phones were out of order, I couldn't contact the front desk to have them quiet our neighbors.
      That being said, the staff with whom I dealt were courteous and professional.  The free breakfast was excellent as well.  I also appreciated the fact that this is a pet friendly motel.
       I would stay there again provided the first two complaints had been remedied.
Rating: 2
Text: After we checked in we were told the fitness center was closed. When we tried to close the curtains, they fell down. We tried to call the front desk, but room phone didn't work. We called on cell phone and waited for maintenance. They ended up closing them with duck tape. They only provide 1waste basket so you can have it in the living room or bathroom but not both. The only clock is the microwave. There was only 1 thin blanket until we asked for another. The lady at the front desk that checked us in was very nice.
Rating: 5
Text: We decided to drive a bit farther than the Springfield Best Western to save about half the price. It was worth it. We liked that they recognized that we were members and gave us a gift bag on arrival and another for the road when we left. The staff was very friendly & helpful. There were a couple improvements they could make. The cleaning staff left a dirty towel behind the door and the furniture looked like it hadn't been wiped down in a while. All in all we would stay there again especially for the price. 
Rating: 5
Text: At check in, the front desk associate, Rose, was very nice and helpful. She reassigned us to a different room when we discovered an unpleasant odor in the first room. Sound travels easily through the doors as you walk down the hallway. The hotel was clean and new. The staff was friendly. I recommend this hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: This is by far the worst hotel I've ever worked at . Forcing me  to put customers in rooms with mold, bed bugs, and roaches. Not only did I not get paid for along two weeks there but the manager there is a complete flake. She lets her pill head employees stay in the rooms for free. I got trained to just re make the beds instead of putting new linens on them and pillow cases. This hotel needs shut down. I've contacted a lawyer and the BBB , I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy.
