Best Western Chester Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay the staff go beyond the normal, friendly, and helpful. The breakfast is pretty good as well. Love the outdoor pool area after a long day, it's nice to kick back and enjoy some refreshments. The grounds are well kept and beautiful, great area for a gathering in the back shelter without disturbing other guests. Nice exercise room as well love the large windows. Comfortable beds too, had a great nights sleep, we will be back when we're in the area!
Rating: 4
Text: It was a nice hotel. Breakfast was a little sparse in the morning, but sufficient for a continental free breakfast. Rooms were quite big and had fridge and microwave, which is always a plus. I would stay here again and recommend it for anyone wanting to see the Home of Popeye.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a wonderful experience at this hotel. There were 34 of us for a reunion and the staff was very accommodating. They have a nice pool area, and a shelter with picnic tables and grills out back.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a very comfortable hotel with helpful staff, clean accommodations  and well-maintained grounds. It is family friendly with an outdoor pool, picnic and barbecue ares and plenty of room to enjoy the outdoors. It is an excellent value and strongly recommended.
Rating: 1
Text: This is going to be a very detailed experience but I feel its extremely important that I share what my family and I experienced. So my family and I drove 5 1/2 hours from Chicago to visit family and booked a room at this hotel as it seemed like the best option. Its a very small town so there definitely weren't any Hiltons, which is my go to. We did all our running around and got settled in. I turn around and there is a bed bug on the wall... so at this point I'm a little annoyed. I take a picture and head down to the front desk. I get to the front desk and a guy comes (his name is bobby from maintenance)  and I show him the picture and let him know there was bed bug on the wall he looks at it and says thats not a bed bug thats "just a cockroach"... yes thats what he said and yes thats how he said it. So I say ummmmm well you know I used to work in hotels so I think I know the difference between a bed bug and a cockroach, I'm pretty sure its a bed bug. He looks me dead in my face and says you know what I'm not about to argue with you. At this point I ask him whats his managers name he proceeds to say the manager will be in here in the morning, so I ask again okay but can I have the managers name he says the manager will be here in the morning with an attitude. So I ask him so you are not going to give me the managers name? He says we are privately owned so we don't have a general manager. I say so you don't have a general manager? He then proceeds to say you know what, I am going to have to refund you your money and ask you to leave the hotel, so I say and why do I have to leave he says because you are causing a disturbance to the hotel. I say but I have done nothing to you, I have not yelled or raised my voice not even once, I have not used profane language so again why do I have to leave? So he says do you want me to change your room or not. I tell him I do not want another room I would like additional chairs we will just sleep on chairs for the night. He looks on his computer and says we don't have any other rooms with two beds just one with a king bed and a chair so I say again I never asked for my room to be changed I asked for chairs. He calls someone on the phone and tells them while I'm standing there IN HIS FACE "your gonna have to come down because I am about to go off on this lady" and then looks at me says someone will be here in a minute to help you and walked off and went in his office and left me at the desk. NOW LET ME STRESS AT THIS POINT I STILL WAS NOT RUDE TO HIM, OR DISRESPECTED HIM, OR EVEN RAISED MY VOICE IN THE SLIGHTEST, yet this was how I was being treated. Mind you its a small town so we would literally have to drive miles to look for another hotel inconveniencing us. The manager end up coming in with her husband (thats the person he called on the phone) I explained the situation to them and we ended up switching rooms. So the end result is my family and I are sleeping on chairs because we don't want to sleep on the beds and we are so tired we don't feel like driving miles and miles to go check into another hotel.  If I would have raised my voice even once he would have not hesitated to call the police to get me kicked and I probably would be in jail right now. Even though I did nothing wrong but complain about bugs in a room we had to sleep in. The lady that came in end up comping the room and she was EXTREMELY nice but lets be honest I wasn't losing sleep over a 100 dollar rooms when I've spent 400+ for rooms and our stay had already been ruined by him.  Its a customer service factor. JUST IMAGINE DRIVING FOR 5 1/2 hours running around for another 3 and coming in to deal with this.  I have pictures below for the bug and the chairs we slept in even though we were in a hotel, so yes my neck hurts as I'm typing this. Now imagine the conversation I had to have with my little sisters on why I didn't want to raise my voice back and really go off on him due to me being afraid of what would happen if the police came. Pictures below of the bug and the chairs we slept on.
