Best Western Richmond Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Don't let the word "motel" scare you off! This place rocks. Great breakfast. Clean room. Friendly service. Fair rate.
Rating: 4
Text: Reserved room through hotel planner and very reasonably priced.  Hefty tax and hotel fees added to bring room price to just over $80.  Opted for two doubles since larger beds were on second floor with no elevator.   Amazing indoor pool and hot tub makes up for the room size. Workout room is very large and well equipped.  Be aware that the handicapped accessible room only has one bed option.  Older styled door locks and doors don't auto-close.  WiFi is weak but free.  Very nice breakfast offering.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I have been to the Richmond, Kentucky Best Western a few times each year - we go to Richmond either to see our son OR as we are "passing through" on our way to Gatlinburg.
This hotel has always gone out of their way to answer our questions and take care of any concerns or requests we have!  They even offered us the use of their refrigerator when the one in our room wasn't working properly - that was nice!  The hot breakfast is very nice and has a good variety of items - pastries, waffles to make, cereal, yogurt, cheese eggs, toast, biscuits and gravy, fruit, etc.
The beds are quite comfy!!! and the indoor pool area is AWESOME with chaise lounge chairs to relax in!
Can't say enough - this will ALWAYS be our "go to" place in Richmond!!
Rating: 4
Text: I am giving this hotel 4 stars only because the first impression was not the best - we thought that the hotel was closed since there were no cars parked in the front. But upon check-in, the friendly staff even gave us some goodies! The room we had was in the back of the hotel, and upon driving around the hotel, saw all the other parked cars. The room was clean with a comfy bed and pillows. It included a coffeemaker, fridge, and microwave, which were nice to have. There was a pool, hot tub, and fitness center, but we didn't have time to use them. The hot breakfast had a great selection, from eggs, bacon, biscuits, gravy, cereal, yogurt, and even a waffle maker! It was also in a great location, close to the highway and next to restaurants and even a mall. I would definitely stay here again if I am in the area.
Rating: 1
Text: Not a good experience. ... First room the tub did not have safety stripes, had to hold on to the bar to take a shower. Husband couldn't even stand in the tub to take a shower. Did get another room ( handicaped), thinking it would be better! Why have only one FULL size bed!!!!!! Doesn't make since. No handicap toilet. They did have handicap bars but you would think that they would have a raised toilet!.... Breakfast wasn't that great either! !!! Yes, I'm complaining,  but with what they charge you would think they would have a better breakfast!  WON'T BE BACK!
