Best Western Parkside Inn
Rating: 1
Text: Bed bugs! Was laying in my bed and a bed bug crawled across my bed. Was truly a bed bug and immediately went to front desk with a picture. They gave us a room on the other side of property and comped us for the weekend. They were super nice and very concerned. I stay here quite a few times a year and have never had issues. It is Always clean and well kept. I just hope management takes care of this issue ASAP as this is a huge problem and I’m quite freaked out and would like to keep staying here in the future.
Rating: 5
Text: We checked in for soccer tournament for the weekend. We had my mom with us in which she wanted her own room. The staff made sure my mom's room was close to ours. They were very pleasant and accommodating. When we got in our room we had the king suite the room with the pull out couch the air conditioner went out the second day. I notified the front desk and they had the maintenance man come up immediately and check it. The air conditioner was replaced while we were at the soccer game and when we got back the room was cool. We could have stayed closer to the soccer field but this hotel has always gone above and beyond to accommodate us and they did just that this time as well! Keep working as a team because you all did amazing! The rooms were very clean and the breakfast area was always stocked. Thank you for all of your hard work to keep this place looking good!
Rating: 5
Text: Came in to town very late and exhausted and was greeted by smiles on friendly people. Room are spacious and very clean. The beds were firm but comfortable. Breakfast offered good options from biscuits and gravy, make your own waffles, yogurt, cereal and baked goods like bagels. If you're in the area to visit the Buffalo Trace Distillery, I would highly recommend staying at this Best Western.
Rating: 4
Text: A clean and comfortable room serviced by friendly and helpful staff.  Convenient on/off access to I-64. Convenient to many restaurants and shopping centers.  Highly recommended.
Rating: 5
Text: Stopped here spontaneously on our 16 hour drive just to sleep for the night. It was super clean and quiet. The pillows were a little flat but the beds were fairly comfortable and the room was huge. Breakfast was hot and kept full. The pool looked cool even though we didn't stay long enough to use it. This motel definitely surpassed my expectations. 
