Best Western Woodhaven Inn
Rating: 3
Text: At the arrival, the employee did not seem very thrilled to be at work.  The room was ok, but it would have been nice to have someone plug in the fridge or tell us to plug it in since we had cold items with us.  The heat light in the bathroom didn't work.  We also were not informed we had to buy breakfast along with our stay when it was already over $130 per night.  THe rooms are not worth that per night.  However, the hotel allowed our group to use their conference room to meet as a group for dinner and the restaurant was very helpful in letting us use utensils to serve our food. Just an okay experience.
Rating: 4
Text: Pool is awesome. Walls are sliding glass doors to the outside. Sauna!!! Rooms were super comfy. We had a broken fridge (didn't shut) but staff gave me tape to close it, which kept things closed but none of my ice packs froze so when I left things weren't cold in the coolers. Restaurant is awesome as well. Pool table for entertainment, karaoke on the weekends (!!!) and food specials are great! Nice location as it is close to the highway and lots of other restaurants and shopping
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is great!!!! Friendly staff,  awesome pool area, nice clean updated rooms... Keep it up We are enjoying our stay????????The maids especially need to be recognized for their hard work in keeping everything clean!!!! Oh and my son thinks this is the nicest hotel we've ever visited??
Rating: 3
Text: It was clean and comfortable but our room was next to 2 rooms of partying young people that were very load. Two calls to the front office and still got nothing done so we were up most of the night. Lady at the desk said she was calling security but we never heard them come to check or say anything. $100 for what??
Rating: 1
Text: NO ELEVATOR! Recently stayed here for a reunion there weren't many options in the area .  First and most importantly THERE IS NO ELEVATOR!!! At checkin 3 employees were talking when we walked in and none looked up for a full minute until they finished their conversation. Then she wasn't rude but wasn't the slightest bit nice when she checked us in.  The long walk and trip up the stairwell with all our stuff remember NO ELEVATOR! The hallways smelled like pot The common areas of entire hotel are extremely tired,  The one saving grace of the hotel is that the king bed was comfortable, but that is it.  The bathtub wouldn't keep water in the tub the stopper didn't work. Rooms not too dirty but not clean either.  We left a nice bottle of wine unopened in the fridge and my sister who is local was going to pick it up but when I called the next day it was gone not logged in lost and found. I spoke to the hotel manager,David Balch, to see if he would help me locate the wine and investigate to see if someone in housekeeping might have put the wine somewhere. He said, "once you check out its too late" and he wouldn't do anything else to try to find it.. then when I said can you loook in to this further he said "I already have by checking the room it's not there" then he hung up on me...the hotel manager! You would think he would be a little bit better at handling an upset guest. Oh well we won't be back the poor customer service and overall tired feel of the property are obviously due to inept management.
