Best Western Plus Coach House
Rating: 4
Text: We have stayed several times at this hotel as we cross the country, and we're always greeted as if we're old friends.
It has  a large complex, all single storey 'bungalow' style which is nice if you don't like stairs. There's an outdoor pool and good casual and fine dining very close by.
Breakfast includes hot and cold items self-served and available on the travelers schedule. Pretty good value for your money
Rating: 4
Text: We have stayed several times at this hotel as we cross the country, and we're always greeted as if we're old friends.
It has  a large complex, all single storey 'bungalow' style which is nice if you don't like stairs. There's an outdoor pool and good casual and fine dining very close by.
Breakfast includes hot and cold items self-served and available on the travelers schedule. Pretty good value for your money.
Rating: 1
Text: Don't bother making a reservation from a third party, they don't honor it!! I reserved a king size room and I walk into 2 queens. Usually I'd brush this off but I paid extra for the king size room. I go and inform them of the mistake and they said they were sold out. Um okay...I made a reservation three days ago so why did you give my room away? You'd think someone would have the common sense to look at the incoming reservations for the day and block out those rooms but apparently that's too difficult. I get no apology or anything. Just a girl looking at her screen speaking in a monotonous voice, I can understand your frustration. Do you? So I ask to speak to the manager. He's not in, of course. I'm only given a number to call. Great customer service there. I walk into my room where the carpet is moist from humidity (yeah it would be that way in the king room I reserved but it doesn't help the matter right now) and call the number. It's not the correct number. Once I find the right number the guy on the phone was like, that's not supposed to happen. Really? You don't say. Honestly I'm just really disappointed in this hotels preparation. I paid extra for a room I wasn't given. I wasn't offered anything to make this situation better. What's the point in making a reservation if this place cannot guarantee it or honor it? If they are not going to honor it, don't have your hotel on third party sites. Also fix this room humidity issue, moist carpet isn't helping your case. 

Check out- I called to ask if I could check out over the phone. The woman responded with, yup. I said great thank you. She said again, yup, and slammed the phone down. Great customer service.
Rating: 3
Text: We took into consideration that this is a single level motel built in the 60s.  The front desk people were very nice and helpful, the lobby was nice.  The room was clean, but found the layout of the bathroom and the counter awkward.  There really wasn't any place in the bathroom to put anything so it was back and forth getting dressed.  I think because of ADA the toilet had to be replaced with the newer, elongated seat causing the door to have a small piece removed to clear the toilet.  Would we stay here again?  Probably.  The price was right and it was located next to a good restaurant.  However, we did wonder why this location was deemed a Plus in the new BW rating system.
Rating: 5
Text: We both were very happy with this hotel. Very clean, dog friendly, lots of grass, good water pressure, comfy beds, good towels (not so thin you can see through).  And all one level - no stairs!   Parking was the only issue.  Our suite had a handy cap sign in front, so we didn’t have a park spot.
