Best Western Green Tree Inn
Rating: 5
Text: This is not a multi level hotel but more of a motel style with all of the rooms
on the one level with outside facing doors.  Room was comfortable and
quiet.  The a/c heating unit was quiet when it ran and the beds were 
soooooooooo comfortable (best sleep in a hotel bed ever).  Breakfast
was very good with a variety of items and a different style of eggs each
morning.  Best stay in a long time
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed in the hotel 5 days ago.  It looks very nice and clean, no smell in the room, good breakfast (although they didn't add more fruits to the basket as needed).  

I really want to like the place, but I woke up with super itchiness on my finger, and I kept itching and couldn't go back to sleep.  After I got up in the morning, I noticed half of my face got hives, my right arm from my index finger all the way to more than half of my arm (inside) has hives.  My neck to collar bone, my left upper arm, all covers with hives.  It has been 5 days, I still have all the hives got from the hotel.  

I'm not sure what are they, they could be started with bug bites, or could be caused by their detergent using for watching sheets.  This is not good!!!   I stayed in other hotels without problem. This is the worst I've got traveling.
Rating: 2
Text: $150.00 held from bank account; Incidentals? In the morning, no hot water! This is a refurbished property, not done very well. I have crossed Best Western off my list of places to stay!
Rating: 5
Text: Had a great experience here. Friendly staff, clean room, comfortable bed, nice shower and room layout. A little loud when people were moving around, but thankfully there wasn't much of that.
Rating: 5
Text: Good motel.  Between crowne plaza, Marriot, holiday inn, and Hampton.  Of all it's the best deal.  Phenomenal breakfast, seriously can't tell you when I last had a breakfast that good from a motel, and the rooms are modern and clean.  Best western has really come up lately and becoming my preferred brand.  Rewards are awesome too.
