Best Western Executive Suites - Columbus East
Rating: 4
Text: We have stayed at this hotel several times before.  Nice suites, lots of room.  Bed and pillows are very comfy.  Bathroom is lacking a fan but otherwise a larger than some bathrooms.  Clean and comfortable room.  Usually our stops are for very short duration as we are traveling thru the area so we can't take advantage of the hotel's features.  Will use this hotel again in the future.
Rating: 1
Text: Very bad experience with 3 different rooms in three days due to cigarette smell in room, broken hvac unit/ no heat, room not cleaned thoroughly. Pool not stocked with towels even after calling front desk/ had to get own towels off of housekeeping cart in hallway/ pool water temperature uncomfortably cold. Breakfast buffet out of items 2 of 3 days during our stay, no plan to restock for guests still arriving at breakfast service time. Bill inaccurate at checkout, had to show booking confirmation quote to front desk clerk to get bill adjusted. Front desk clerk dressed in "sweats" at checkout, very unprofessional. I do NOT recommend this property.
Rating: 4
Text: Hot breakfast was really good!  Bacon, potatoes, and red and green bell pepper omelet with cheese inside on first day and same on 2nd, except sausage patty instead of bacon.  Also offered was 2 kinds of yogurt (light and regular), fruit cup, OJ, apple juice, waffles with 4 different toppings, pastries and doughnuts, coffee, and oatmeal with 4 different add-ins.  Bottled water was available for free at front desk.

Front desk person was courteous all 3 times.  Room was clean and spacious.  Refrigerator and microwave both worked.  The toilet handle was very hard to push down and would continue to run until pulled back up.  Water got hot rather quickly, but cold water didn't get very cold.  AC and heater worked perfectly.  Bed was comfortable, and the cylindrical pillow to place under my legs was my favorite.

There are a number of fast food and sit down restaurants near the hotel.  

I would definitely stay again!
Rating: 5
Text: This is one of the best Best Westerns that I have stayed in. The staff is very friendly, the accommodations comfortable and the location central to many attractions. We will definitely be staying here next time we travel through the area.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed in this hotel for 6 days while flipping a condo in Canal Winchester. We needed an inexpensive place to lay our heads after a long day of hard work.  This hotel is a hidden jewel.  It is in a great location - within walking distance to a Cracker Barrel and La Fogata a Mexican food restaurant.  It is somewhat hidden behind a few restaurants.  This is by far the cleanest hotel I have ever stayed at in my life!  This hotel is a hidden jewel. It is clean, quiet, well kept and is a great place to stay if you want a quiet place to rest. The breakfast was good, nothing fancy, but kept clean with hot and cold food.  You are not able to take the food out of the eating area however.  The hotel has a nice indoor pool and a small workout room.  The front desk staff are professional and knowledgeable, while not always the friendliest, they are not rude at all.  Overall, this hotel is excellent. We will stay when we return to the area.
