Best Western Cantebury Inn & Suites
Rating: 5
Text: We booked a block of rooms for a group of about 60 people. The management were very nice and made things easy when working with them to make our group reservation. The rooms were a great price for how nice and clean they were. Some rooms have balconies overlooking the pool area, which was cool. The building has an intriguing semi-medieval theme to it.
Rating: 4
Text: We had a king suite on an end and it was very comfortable for the price.    The TV guide on the plastic card was not the same as the guide In the book and it was hard to figure out the channels.   Breakfast was pretty good.  They had a waffle maker and hot biscuits and gravy along with scrambled eggs and sausage.   The hotel and the room was clean but a but a bit dating.   Probably would stay again.    
Rating: 5
Text: Great staff at this hotel. They were very friendly to everyone that came through the door. Prices were good for my overnight stay. Room was very clean when I checked in.
Rating: 5
Text: Polite staff, nice pool area, and I like the balcony on attached to the room. Breakfast was a plus. Great location to walk to food (Perkins, McDonald's, etc.)
Rating: 2
Text: We got a double queen room right off of the pool area, we had a sliding glass door that went right into the pool room.  The hotel is very dated and expensive for the quality.  90 dollars a night for a tiny room is a bit ridiculous.  There was rust on the bathroom ceiling tiles, the carpet was soaked by the air conditioner/heater all the way to the bed, the bathroom was the size of a tiny closet and the door was 1 foot away from the bed, the smell in the hotel was awful (it even got into all of our clothing), and the room was filthy.  There was a layer of dust on everything and drink rings from the previous customers.  The only plus that I was able to witness is, they strip the beds entirely and wash all of the linens.  I experienced no issues with bugs or bed bugs.  I am highly allergic to bed bug bites so I would know if there was an issue.
