Best Western Lawrenceburg Inn
Rating: 3
Text: Staff was outstanding, very helpful, kind and friendly.Especially at check in.  

Several comments.   Surely would have appreciated clothing hooks on door in bathroom, where do you put/lay clothes when changing to another?    A lighted makeup mirror would have been wonderful.   Plus a mirror in room for decoration and use to dress//makeup..    But clean and comfortable, and that is always important.
Rating: 5
Text: We experienced friendliness from the moment we entered this hotel. The front desk staff was welcoming and helpful, especially with recommendations for places to eat dinner in the area. They gave us various options and directions to each place we expressed an interest in. 
The room was clean, comfortable, and spacious. There were also many benches scattered around the property which we made use of to enjoy the outdoors.  I'm assuming these benches are primarily for those guests who smoke, but a few are in the limited green space around the property, and it makes a nice place to just relax or read a good book. 
The breakfast offered at this hotel was very good. There were plenty of tasty options available. We did not go hungry! The breakfast staff was always busy refilling stations and, if you looked confused, would ask how they could help. 
We were very pleased with our stay at this hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: I love staying at this hotel everyone that I've had contact with has great hospitality and the customer service is exceptional. The rooms are well kept and maintained. I've enjoyed my stay and will come back!
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is very clean, breakfast is good.  Housekeeping is very friendly and helpful.  Outside is clean and easy to get to..  Parking is sufficient.
I stayed to attend meeting in Frankfort, hotel is 12 miles from the city but drive in is not hard.   Rather stay here where it is quieter, less big city and drive to where I need to go.
Rating: 5
Text: Great stay, nice room.  Breakfast was really good too.  Staff were all very pleasant.
