Best Western Saluki Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Highly recommend this Best Western.  We end up at Best Western a lot in our travels since they are generally pet friendly and in my opinion the best value for the money-a sensible choice where comfort isn’t sacrificed.  This one did not disappoint!  The front desk manager was super friendly and was able to match the lowest online advertised price.  Both dogs stayed for only $20 extra.  The attached restaurant, Manny’s, had happy hour specials that reminded me of the prices I paid as a student two decades ago,  $5.99 burgers until 10pm and $1.50 Wells until 8pm.  Breakfast was your typical hotel breakfast including eggs, sausage, biscuits and gravy as well as yogurt, fruit, cereal and waffles.  We were quite comfortable and slept well.
Rating: 2
Text: Just don't do it if you're not 21 they will be rude and not inform you until the last minute.  When you want a refund for the money they charge you they won't work with you.  And they continued to charge me after not even staying there.  The place looked nice and that's the only reason I would give it two stars.  But the customer service was poor when informing me, quite rudely, that I can't stay/check in there because of my age.  Even after everything was paid.
Rating: 4
Text: This Best Western was clean and staff was very professional and courteous. The restaurant in the hotel has really good food and the waiter was awesome. We utilized the pool which is a bit small and they should probably put a different type of tile on the floor because it became very slippery at times. Staff was good and prompt with having towels in the pool area. As far as breakfast, I think they use Egg Beaters or something for the eggs because they were not tasty at all. The hotel does not offer any turkey products with breakfast so if you don't eat pork then you won't be able to eat any meat. Overall, I had a good stay and would definitely stay there again when I'm in the area. The hotel is also in a very good location. Close to everything you need.
Rating: 4
Text: Really nice and clean.  Expected 2 queen beds but somehow ended up with a suite that had a separate room with another queen bed!  Needed extra towels but had no problem getting them.  Kids had a great time in the pool.  A laundry line in the bathroom would be nice for drying swimsuits but other than that we really enjoyed our stay.   Bar downstairs was reasonably priced also!
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly, helpful staff, clean rooms and excellent breakfast at a great price! We’ve stayed at this hotel a few times and it’s always been a great stay!
