Best Western Prairie Inn & Conference Center
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed here because it is pet friendly. It's an older facility but has been well maintained. The courtyard rooms are great if you have a pet, as they have a little patio and a sliding glass door to the outside. The room was large enough that we weren't cramped, even with a dog bed and crate. 
They have a free breakfast which was more than adequate, and had a different entree every morning. We tried the Indian restaurant and the food was good. 
I would stay here again the next time I am in town.
Rating: 3
Text: Location was decent, right off the highway. Not much around it as far as convenience marts or restaurants. Room was good size, bed was comfortable, a little outdated but I wasn't there for asthetics. The hotel was rather warm throughout the dining lounge, lobby and hallways, but the AC in the room worked great. Our only major complaint was that we were unable to check in early (11:30a.m.) to our room that was in a reserved block for the wedding we attended. We were told there was going to be a $30 check in early fee if we checked in before 1p.m., and unfortunately for us, pictures were at 2p.m. It just seemed very unlikely that there was not a single room available for us early within that entire block reserved. Just seemed like a racket to get more money out of you.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice place.  Great briskets and gravy on our first morning.  I looked forward to the next morning to get more and it wasn't the same gravy as the night before. I was sad. With more consistency will award 5 stars.  Now only 4.
Rating: 4
Text: Great, quiet location. Staff was friendly and helpful. Would recommend this Best Western to others. Was nice to be able to walk around the grounds, especially the back side of the property. First floor rooms had a little patio and chairs that looked across a pretty lawn. That was a nice touch.
Rating: 5
Text: My stay at the Best Western in Galesburg was exactly as I'd hoped. The room was comfortable and clean, the complimentary breakfast had a lot of good options, and the staff was very helpful. I would recommend staying there.
