Best Western Plus Midwest Inn & Suites
Rating: 4
Text: Not the newest Best Western Plus but room were clean, beds comfy, big flat screen TV w/HBO. Breakfast was nice selection of hot items to go along with traditional cereal and yogurt offerings. Pool was closed for maintenance but looked like it would be lots of fun!
As a Rewards member, hotel was great value !!
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and affordable, a real value. 
Judging by the giggling and laughing the pool is a big hit with the kids - it has a nice water slide. The exercise room was well kept and the equipment was in excellent condition. 
Coffee, Iced tea and ice water are available all the time in the lobby. Breakfast was excellent. 
The staff is friendly,  attentive and genuinely interested in the quality of your stay. 
I will definitely stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: 3 stars on this one. The water slide and swimming pool was super for the kids!  Vickie was really excellent behind the main desk in the evening. Things slid from 5 stars to 3 stars in the morning.  There were two guys in charge of breakfast for this hotel and it wasn't a good fit for these two guys. The scrambled eggs pan was always empty and other foods were empty as well.  I think it would be good for the upper management of this hotel to pay them a visit in the morning sometime. I believe lower management is dropping the ball in the mornings.
Rating: 5
Text: I love Best Western. This is my 2nd night in a BW while on a motorcycle trip (CA to FL). The hotel has a special program for HOG (Harley Owner Group). Discount and royal treatment!  The lady at the counter late at night was awesome. She checked me in less than 5 minutes because she saw how tired I was after 10+ hours of riding. She also upgraded my room to a suite!  This is truly an amazing treatment. 

The hotel also has an indoor slide and pool, which I didn’t get a chance to use but it looks fun!  The breakfast was simple but fulfilling. Highly recommended for anyone considering to stay in this hotel, especially for fellow riders.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean nice rooms. Affordable and a flat pet rate is nice. Beds are comfortable. I recommend this place for sure.
