Best Western Pontiac Inn
Rating: 2
Text: I sincerely do not recommend this hotel to anyone. I don't feel like we got our money's worth at all. The bed was hard and uncomfortable. I definitely did not feel as comfortable as I should have for the nights stay. The staff was. 50/50. Some were very nice and others were rude. A couple of them acted like I was putting them out for asking for a set of towels so I could shower. Our family members also had a bad experience similar to ours. I really hope that if you do decide to stay here you have e a better experience. I will not be returning.
Rating: 5
Text: We have stayed here repeatedly and for the most part we give it five stars. Very clean, beds are comfortable, great hot breakfast, nice fitness room and nice pool. I wish they would move the smoking area away from the front entrance. Smokers leave it smelly and leave their butts all over the front. I also wish they would offer packets of organic oatmeal for us fitness and non-gmo people. Front desk staff is always so friendly and helpful. This really is a great place to stay.
Rating: 3
Text: Mixed feelings about this place... Check in guy seemed super annoyed that he had to end his phone call when I walked in, was short with me, not pleasant at all. The room was nice. Clean and comfortable except the bathroom door stuck, and looked like someone had gotten into a fight with it. It's a non-smoking hotel, my room was near the end of the hall by the side door. All night long I could hear people going in and out, woke me up several times. Realized I wasn't given the wi-fi password when I tried to connect, but didn't want to disrupt another personal phone call from Mr. Front desk. The checkout lady was super nice. The breakfast area was small. 4 tables. Looks like it was an afterthought. The food was basic, but good enough to satisfy my needs. Even though it wasn't the worst experience I've ever had, I probably won't stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: Rough start to our 7 night stay. Woke up on 11-9-17 @ 4am to no hot water! I will report back on what they do. 11-10-17 They did move us to another room. They have had hot coffee ready at 4:30am every morning so far. Changed my rating from 1 star to 3 stars.
Rating: 5
Text: Outstanding Honest service.... had a great stay and very much enjoyed breakfast but our favorite service was the staff.  We left a ipad charging in the room and the cleaning crew quickly reported it to the desk who then contacted us!  Great Job and nice to know you can trust this crew!
