Best Western B. R. Guest
Rating: 4
Text: This Best Western has a friendly staff and very clean facility.  Our room king size bed was extremely comfortable! 
We were able to rest and recharge to continue on our way home 
The only improvement we would recommend is the breakfast eggs that are offered.  
The other items for breakfast were great 
Because of our experience here in our other travels we will look for Best Western hotels
Rating: 5
Text: I would give it 6 stars if I could. Incredibly friendly staff. The rooms & beds were nice, comparable to a Hampton Inn property. I own a contracting company and the company truck the guys were driving was struck by another vehicle and couldn't be driven. The young lady at the front desk couldn't have been more kind accommodating.
Rating: 5
Text: Overall clean Facility...great amenities and nice rooms for a fair price.
The staff was extremely helpful, friendly and accommodating. 
Well rounded, great breakfast options with a sweet lady in charge of keeping a dining room full of people well supplied. 
Enjoyed our stay and all the amenities to the fullest. 
Will definitely stay there again on our return visit!
Rating: 3
Text: This is a nice property, a little distant from the city, but a good value.  Currently they have some issues with service that need corrected.  Housekeeping failed on the first night of our four-night stay to do any housekeeping.  UNACCEPTABLE. We had to make our own bed, and go get our own towels for the next day at 10 p.m. that night upon return. -- Breakfast bar was not adequately replenished and many items ran out as server seemed unwilling to put more out at the morning wore on. Again -- poor customer care and service.  -- I will say, our room was overall comfortable (although a regular chair rather than a desk chair would be nice for sitting in).
Rating: 1
Text: The only good part about this hotel is that we didn't find any bed bugs. Did you know that hotel still offer smoking rooms? Well this one does and what that means for your stay is that as a non-smoker you don't be able to breathe for the stay. Only stay here if you enjoy dirty and stinky hotels
