Best Western Inn & Suites of Merrillville
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel was fine. It was nice to have meat and eggs at breakfast every morning. I had no problems with the wifi. It is near many other hotels. The staff was friendly and helpful. This hotel met my expectations for the price point. I give them three out of five stars because it wasn't quite as clean as higher priced hotels I have stayed with.
Rating: 5
Text: From first welcome, to final checkout the staff and management at this property demonstrate a level of customer service much appreciated, but not frequently enough experienced at other locations.  It is obvious from the manicured exterior, to the professional appearance and demeanor of staff, to the cleanliness of the rooms, to the presentation of the breakfast items that the aim of management and staff is complete customer satisfaction.  Located conveniently off major traffic arteries, this property is also close to shopping and restaurants and proves to be a comfortable and reasonably priced stop over.  Don't hesitate to stay there.
Rating: 5
Text: Great staff.  Clean rooms. Truck parking made easy.  Good restaurants close by.  Lets not forget pool and hot tub
Rating: 1
Text: I will never go back to this Hotel again, 
Boiler broken no hot water on Saturday couldn't go swimming
Sunday no coffee made at continental breakfast.
They wanted to send us to another hotel just to take a shower  but who want to take their clothes from one place to another. We decided to microwave  us some hot water .They did offer any compensation but they took all our money. They could have offer to buy us lunch!!! . We was they for a girls retreat  but instead it was like one of their staff member said you guys paid to be in prison and no one cared. God has away of  letting you know they is no place like home. A  Saturday with no hot water paid for in full I could have stay home were the hot water was fine.
Rating: 5
Text: I had car trouble a couple blocks away and was having it fixed nearby. The staff was so helpful the next morning, giving me and my baggage a ride to the autoshop when I needed it! 

And the accommodations were very nice too.
