Best Western Suites
Rating: 4
Text: Great overall stay. Rooms were clean and functional. Updated bathrooms and office area was a plus. Wish they had better breakfast options though. I'm not a fan of egg combos. I will definitely be back though.
Rating: 1
Text: This is a great place to stay if you like the smell of smoke and want to see what bed bugs look like in person. Thank goodness we only packed for one day because we decided to set fire to our suit case as soon as we got home (we checked out a few hours after we checked in) While I am aware bed bugs can be found in even the cleanest hotels...this hotel did not feel clean at all. If you have stayed here recently you might want to search your home, thoroughly. The staff was kind enough to refund our money- so no complaints there. Then again, I'm not sure they would have denied us a refund being we actually caught one of the bugs in a zip lock baggy and took it to the front desk as proof. Keep your eyes open!!
Rating: 4
Text: We visited this particular Best Western the final night of a very stressful trip.  We had stayed at two other Best Westerns during this trip and had very pleasant stays.  We were not disappointed with this visit either.  We stopped on the chance that there might be an opening and so happy we did!  Very clean, very comfortable, easy to find, with acceptable eating venues nearby.  If we're ever in the area again, we will definitely look to stay here again!
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed 2 nights had a great experience. Put up the do not disturb sign expecting to miss out on fresh towels for the convenience of sleeping in. Fortunately the staff left 2 fresh towels in a bag and hung them on the door. First time in many hotels stays that has happened. Great and friendly staff
Rating: 5
Text: Great family-friendly hotel.
Just one suggestion:  All hotels need to get rid of the juice machine.  The orange juice is either brown in color or watery - probably 8 out of 10 times I stay at a facility that has one.
