Best Western Plus University Inn
Rating: 1
Text: Checked in and THEN was told they key machine was broken. We were told they could let us in every time we came in or if we were going to the pool or fitness center we could prop the door open and they would keep an eye on it.  The room were were initially assigned had plastic wrap around the fire alarm, smoke detectors, and sprinklers.  We were told this was because the people the night before had smoked in the room.  This explained the odor bout they seemed more concerned about charging them than seeing to our comfort. We asked to be changed to another room and were moved next door.  Despite the issues, we settled in and were sleeping when the night clerk attempted to enter our room at 11:15. She told us that there was no record of the room change.  She also made no apology for terrifying us. We had been told by the clerk that checked us in that she would apply "most discounts possible." However, when we were checking out they said they saw no indication of any discount other than the AAA discount applied when we mad the reservation. The morning clerk seemed reluctant to wake her manage but did. According to the clerk, the manager authorized a 20% discount. We waited while this was "applied." Little did we know this was to include our AAA discount.  When the clerk told us the new total, we argued that the discount was for their errors, not an appeasement.  She then said that we were lucky to get that since we had 8 people in our 4 person room.  There were 4 of us, me, my sister, my 11 year old daughter, and my 77 year old mother! Not exactly a crazy crew.  Eventually they agreed to the 30% off including the AAA discount. Even the desk clerk checking us out said she wouldn't have stayed.  They were negligent in not telling us about the key machine at check in, negligent in not updating the room information and reluctant and unwilling to accept responsibility for their mistakes.  I do not recommend them.
Rating: 3
Text: Good in some respects.....location, comfortable bed, TV offerings for this level of hotel & excellent internet service. Unfortunately there seem to be some issues with water pressure or building maintenance so we had to explore 3 rooms before we found one with a shower that worked somewhat properly. Not exactly what one wishes to do when a bit pooped from traveling.
Rating: 4
Text: Our stay at the vest western was great! As a hotel it had all of the essentials you would look for breakfast, pool, hottub. It is not a 5 star resort but that is not what you come here looking for. Also the hotel staff is great better customer service than i have seen in a while!
Rating: 4
Text: A very nice Best Western. Was only there for a limited time but the bed and room were comfortable at a great price.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean.  Friendly staff.  Breakfast options good. Rooms clean.  Beds comfortable.
