Best Western of Wise
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel is fairly new.  Looks fair from the outside.   Very nice lobby.  There are smoking rooms offered so that smell transferred to the elevator.   Bed was comfortable and room was clean.  Pool was under renovation so was not able to use.  Breakfast was the highlight of the stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Stay at this hotel 6-8 times a year.  Nice hotel and a very friendly staff.  Good breakfast choices.  Staff is always friendly and make you feel welcome everytime.  Hotel could use an update but still a nice, clean place to stay.
Rating: 1
Text: This was the first available hotel I ran across when it was time to stop for the night,  after a long day of driving.  As soon as I walked into the lobby all I could smell was cigarette smoke.  It was overwhelming.  If I would not have been so exhausted I would have tried to find a different hotel, but I am not familiar with this are so here I stayed. My "non-smoking" room might as well have been a smoking room - it's all I could smell all night.  Though the price was reasonable for the room (right at $80 after taxes for a King bed room) I can not recommend this place to anyone who is a non-smoker - the stink of it is overpowering and I can't get past that.  I didn't think there was such a thing as a hotel that still allowed smoking in its rooms...this was a most uncomfortable stay.
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointing. wish there was a lower star.  We checked in at 11:00 PM and checked out at 12:30 AM.  The toilet had not been cleaned, and  when we turned on the heat it smelled like someone had peed in it, room smelled bad to begin with.  The sheets looked as if someone had already slept on them and there was a rubber tarp under the fitted sheet.  What was this for ????  The carpet was so dirty that after walking on it for a few minutes my white socks were black on the bottom.  I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone.  It use to be a real nice hotel but in the last few years it has really gone down.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful stay for us while traveling with two grandchildren.  Everything perfectly clean.  Sheets and towels good quality.  Breakfast couldn't have been better for us.  The indoor pool was the greatest hit, only 3-4 ft deep which was perfect for two 6 yr olds!

We don't travel this way often, so can't come back.  Wish I could find something like this in Florida!
