Best Western at O'Hare
Rating: 5
Text: Came with family. This hotel is spotless; my Mom is picky about hotels because she's critical of the way things are cleaned but she thought this was top-notch. In addition to cleanliness, the staff were amazing. They're attentive and cheerful. I can't tell you how pleasant they were to talk to and how much they actually valued my comfort and well-being. We would definitely recommend this hotel.
Rating: 3
Text: We arrived At the hotel only to stay until our early flight the next morning. The staff was very nice! The remodel looked great and the room itself looked nice, but smelled like smoke even though it is a non smoking hotel. The shower head only stayed in one position and needed to be tightened. It also made a very loud squealing noise while using the shower. That wasn’t the end of the world and we were only there to get some sleep before the flight and just before bed I saw a mouse run through the room. I did not want to switch rooms since we needed to get to sleep, so we went to bed. I wanted to let the front desk know of the issues as we were leaving in the morning but no one came to the desk while I waited. I could hear someone but they never came. Overall, I would’ve been fine with everything if we hadn’t seen the mouse.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice stay. Had all the amenities you would expect in room. Check in ladies were very nice and helpful. Parking lot is a bit small but they have a parking garage next store that is free to guests. Excellent spot if going to Allstate arena. Bar and grill very close.
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent place is you want to park you car for a week while you fly out of town. Very inexpensive. Outside parking only. There is a shuttle to take you to the airport and one to pick you up again. We paid $47 for 5 days
Rating: 4
Text: A little bit older hotel, but completely updated. Really nice rooms, comfy beds, mini fridge in most/all rooms. Even the fitness center is remodeled. Staff is great! Plus free breakfast...definitely recommended for a nice airport hotel. Not to mention, a great sports bar/restaurant next door called Shoeless Joe's, named after "Shoeless Joe Jackson" Great beer selection, amazing menu, and tons of tv's.
