Best Western Inn
Rating: 3
Text: The employees were very nice. The hotel was situated very near a lot of chain restaurants and a shopping area. Our stay was very quiet and uneventful other than our key cards not being activated. Since we were situated at the other end of the hotel from the lobby we had quite a walk to get to the front desk. This also happened at another Best Western that we stayed at in FL. Maybe the desk clerk should check the keys are activated before they hand them out. Another guest at this hotel was also having trouble with her key card as we were leaving for dinner. We advised her o return to the desk to have the keys activated, as the same thing had happened to us.
Rating: 4
Text: This Best Western was clean and safe. I pulled in at Midnight off the toll road and it was very easy to find and very easy to get back to the toll road. I had breakfast in the morning and it was good. Hot and cold foods, coffee, juice. Everyone of the staff was very helpful and friendly.
Rating: 2
Text: Door to room would not fully self close. Toilet seat would not stay up. 
TV remote was missing. 
Had several more maintenance problems to be resolved as well. I left a detailed list with the front desk. Other than replacing the missing remote, (found missing remote 2 days later under the head end of the bed, speaks to poor housekeeping), none of the issues were addressed during my stay of several days.
Rating: 4
Text: I have become a Best Western fan again.  I've been using the Wyndham groups hotels, but they are touch and go...some really nice and some very bad. So far, all of the Best Western have been very decent to very nice.
Rating: 3
Text: Does the job. It's an older building, so it looks a bit rough around the edges, but clean enough to satisfy me for two nights here with the kids. Most positive thing: The people at the front desk were friendly and helpful. Most negative thing: The hotel smells like smoke in the hallways. This alone will cause me to look elsewhere next time I am in the area. There are many hotels to choose from. Last time we were here we stayed across the road at Country Inn & Suites, and liked that a bit better. 
