Best Western Airport Inn
Rating: 5
Text: I was initially assigned a second-floor room, but traveling with a young toddler meant many trips to the car carrying her, and so the check-in lady, without hesitation accommodated my request for a 1st floor room. As a rewards member, she also presented me with 2 bottled waters and small snacks. I knew I would have a very nice stay. The made-to-order omelets were something to look forward to in the morning, and the chef did not disappoint. I felt that I got a good deal as an AAA member, too.  I will stay here again on my travels to/from Indiana.
Rating: 5
Text: This little hotel is top notch.  The entire place is immaculate; they pay very close attention to detail.
The rooms are very comfortable with a refrigerator, microwave and coffee maker and are SPOTLESS (and I am extremely picky regarding room cleanliness).
The complimentary "Continental Breakfast" was to die for!  Freshly made omelettes, bacon, warm cinnamon buns, fresh fruit, etc.
Staff was always friendly, and you can tell they take pride in their work, which is very refreshing. 
We will definitely stay here again next time we are in the area!
Rating: 4
Text: This Best Western is a convenient and clean place to stay.  It is only a few miles from the Quad City Airport and downtown Moline and not far from Davenport.  Good quality for the price and very helpful staff.
Rating: 5
Text: The street that this hotel is located on is a beautiful sight at night. All three hotels on the corner are each tastefully lit in their own colors. The rooms were clean and the rate wasn't ?bad either. Great place to hang out for a weekend. Walking distance to a decent mall, and the Denny's across the street was great too. 
Rating: 5
Text: We really enjoyed our stay.  All the staff were friendly and welcoming.  Rooms was clean and a nice size.  We enjoyed the breakfast including the omlet station.  
We were impressed that the staff took the time to call us after we left a few items in our room.  Definately will stay again when in town.
