Best Western Shepherdsville
Rating: 5
Text: Great experience under difficult circumstances (we evacuated Florida during hurricane Irma) 
It was a much needed friend at the front desk, Chris.  He's a wonderful man working to support his 3 kids as a single dad.
Anything we asked for we got from him!
There aren't words to describe how grateful we are!
So a special hello goes to you, Chris!  You are a real man!! With love from Dan and Marissa!
Rating: 4
Text: Great personnel but rooms are a bit musty and beds not that comfortable. Pool area is nice and location off highway is a plus. Also, a lot of food choices in area and shopping.  If they made the beds more comfortable, cleaned the outside of the parking lot area and upgraded the amenities in the rooms, it would immediately get 4 1/2 - 5 stars. In the end, the employees do a great job and try their best with what they have. The effort of a very cordial staff makes this hotel better
Rating: 4
Text: The bed was very comfortable. The A/C worked great. The styling was a little dated. The breakfast was not worth the trip down the hall. I guess next time I'll just have the cereal. It's not the Ritz but we didn't spend much time in the room except to sleep so we were perfectly content with our stay.
Rating: 4
Text: After a 9 hour car ride, I was a little upset to see the outside of the hotel.  The view from the road is of the back of the hotel, and truthfully is very plain and had me a little worried.  Once we walked into the lobby, I was very relieved.  It is clean, simply decorated.  The front desk clerk, Chris, was so helpful and friendly.  Once we walked into our room, I was VERY HAPPY.  I have stayed in many hotels, and this was by far the cleanest room I have stayed in in a very long time.  The beds and pillows were very comfortable.  We were extremely happy with our stay.
Rating: 5
Text: From the moment we arrived we were greeted and given excellent customer service.  Chris (at the front desk) was extremely kind and welcoming.  And as a bonus, this has to be the cleanest and prettiest 'Best Western' I have ever seen.
