Best Western On the River
Rating: 4
Text: This is a great little hotel on the main street of Hannibal.  Close to everything you would want to see.  The rooms smell a little musty because of the indoor pool, but it's not bad and everything is well maintained.  Beds are comfy, staff is amazing, rooms are clean and comfortable.  Breakfast was good - scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, biscuits & gravy, yogurt, make-your-own waffles, pastries/toast, cereal & juices.  I'm kind of picky about the places I stay, but I would definitely choose to stay here again if I were in the area.
Rating: 4
Text: Location is great, on the edge of downtown where most of the attractions are. Rooms are pretty good, clean, but not super sound proof. Our neighbor's door rattled our room a lot whenever they closed it, and you can hear people in the lobby/pool. Also some rooms don't have an exterior window, instead they have a window looking into the lobby/pool area. Third floor has it's own parking area and entrance, which is nice. The pool and hot tub are in the lobby, an unusual choice, makes the lobby very humid (at least in November) but it works, and they have to keep it clean since it's so visible.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed on 8/4/17 Spur of the moment trip to see Hannibal for the first time with our family. I Called and reserved a 2 king bed room on the way (staff member was very helpful on that call).  The hotel was easy to get to and I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in the lobby to get checked in! Beautiful hotel, VERY clean, loved the character of the hotel, and the staff member had just came in on his shift that checked me in was extremely polite and helpful with instructions to find our room. The parking lot was 100% clean and our room was awesome! Modern updates in the room, hot water, plenty of towels, etc, not a speck of dirt and QUIET! We had a river view when we opened the curtains the next morning! There were no complaints from our children, also, with the hot breakfast that was served in our building behind the original motel. The staff kept it stocked continuously while we were there. I will DEFINITELY be recommending this place to anyone and everyone staying in Hannibal! The female and male staff member willingly helped us with a booklet of Hannibal when we checked out the next morning and pointed out specific sights to see while we toured. Thank you for being so helpful and providing a CLEAN, quiet, and beautiful place to stay! I even took pictures of the main lobby when i checked out! The pool also appeared to be well kept, and clean even though we didn't have time to use it. 10 ?!
Rating: 5
Text: Very convenient, our room was quiet, clean, and easily accessible.  It was quite a busy place., but we didn't feel rushed, or forgotten by any of the staff that we interacted with. A quick walk to the downtown area of Hannibal, and the river. There is a great coffee/ice cream/gift shop on the main street. The breakfast was hot and tasty, with more than enough food for everyone, even though there was an entire bus load of guests all headed to breakfast at the same time . Checking in and out was quick, painless and friendly, we would definitely stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: An OK hotel. Friendly staff and central location. It is a little dated and the strange pool inside layout means very little natural light in the central hotel area. The room I had was on the top floor at the rear of the building so no window to the outside. It was quiet during my stay, but I brought the average age of the guests down by a few years! The breakfast is VERY basic and plastic plates and cutlery are in use. I was staying on business and would use this hotel again. Basic and dated, but serves it's purpose.
