Best Western Joliet Inn & Suites
Rating: 4
Text: The toilet handle didn't flush the toilet. I had to remove the tank lid and reattach the poorly fitting clip that lifted the...flusher? The soap dispenser in the shower didn't want to dispense the soap, but I got that figured out too. The bed was nice. The pillows were adequate. The room was spacious. The breakfast was surprisingly really good. I would stay there again.
Rating: 5
Text: We have never been disappointed with our stay at the Joliet Best Western. The entire staff goes out of its way to make guests feel comfortable during their stay. We have stayed at this facility on many occasions and feel most welcome.
The grounds always look pristine while the interior is always very fresh looking. Our room has never been disappointing.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place, Newly renovated with new carpet, furniture, bathroom fixtures..  everything is brand new.  Nice quite place near i80.  Really awesome pool with retractable roof.  Hot tub is permanently closed.  All in all great place to stay, probably cheapest around.
Rating: 4
Text: Location was fine, located next to several restaurants. Room was clean and front desk service was good. One negative is the complimentary breakfast room. The room is extremely small and there isn't much room to move around.
Rating: 3
Text: We came to swim in the pool and stay over night. We got the hot tub suite. The room was big and had all the usual amenities. There was some damaged drywall around the steps leading into the hot tub. We also found some hair in the hot tub which meant my wife would not step foot into it. I addressed this with the hotel staff and they offered to come clean out the hair which would not have made any difference to my wife, the damage was done... We also found someone else's hair in the bed. The pool was your average hotel pool quality and size. The hot tub in the pool area was out of order. Our kids had fun in the pool which was the main reason for our visit. I would stay here again but would not pay the extra money for the hot tub suite.
