Best Western Winchester Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: The Winchester KY Best Western exceeded my expectations.   The staff was very accommodating no matter what I asked of them.  I never felt as if they were too busy to speak with me.  If I had anything to complain about it would be the hill entering and exiting the property.  Breakfast had a wide variety of food including organic and gluten free which I did not expect in a small town.  It was an all around wonderful experience.
Rating: 5
Text: I had a great experience at this hotel. I was in charge of booking a block of 18 rooms for a business event, and each staff member at this hotel went above and beyond to make sure that everything was perfect for us. All 18 guests enjoyed their stay, and each staff member was always friendly, smiling, and incredibly accommodating. 

The rooms were clean and had everything that we needed. There was a large variety of choices at breakfast, and the beds were very comfortable.

We will definitely return. Keep up the fantastic work!
Rating: 5
Text: Gluten free choices at breakfast! Organic choices at breakfast! This was the most impressive breakfast I've encountered. The whole huge offering of choices was so neat and clean.  Everything else was very satisfactory too! Highly recommend!
Rating: 5
Text: This was a great hotel for a quick stay. The hotel owner/manager, Gina, was extremely friendly. The room was clean and comfortable, no frills. Great breakfast with hot and cold items, coffee, juice, etc. I would definitely stay here again if I'm in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: This was a wonderful place to stay. The reviews were excellent and the price was reasonable. 
The check-in girl was not just friendly and helpful but was very kind and seemed to care about what she was doing and if I was happy.
The room was well made up and very clean. I found nothing to complain about - plenty of pillows, blankets, nice soap dispenser in the shower, adequate towels for our one night stay.
The breakfast was awesome. I couldn't believe the variety of foods from traditional omelettes, and breakfast drinks to fruits (bananas, apples, oranges plus organic blueberries, dates, watermelon, cantalope, honey dew etc.) lots of varieties of hot cereals, cold cereals, lots of different kinds of breads, plus energy bars, spreads of all kinds, not just butter but also cream cheese and jellies.  A very nice beginning to our day.
