Best Western Chicago Southland
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms are clean. The staff is helpful and friendly. Many employees seem to genuinely care about the guests. The breakfast is much better than most hotels and the rates are reasonable. If I am in this area again, I will definitely stay at this hotel. The only thing I don't care for is the location. It is on a service road along side the expressway and there is nothing around it. It just seems like an odd spot for a hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: Dear Manager of Best Western Southland ,

I am sadly not impressed with this hotel. I have 3 complaints and these are major that need to get fixed as soon as possible. First The girl with the lip piercing and marijuana bag your housekeeper , serviced me nicely in my face , not knowing I understood Spanish BUT cause I am a Caucasian woman thought I didnt. Told one of your other housekeepers , the one with the BLACK long hair , skinny. That I was an "ugly" etc. And that I expected her to do S*** for me. That is most disrespectful and i expected better from these housekeepers. I would like you to handle this with her first and foremost. Second of all Sara my front desk assistant also thought I didn't understand and decided to talk about me to the other woman with the lip piercing . I dont like these under trained children working at this company . You need to get either A mature adults or B qualified and respectful workers. And finally my bedsheets were all dirty and not changed properly . There's was garbage shoved behind the MINI fridge. You need to hire a better housekeeping supervisor or fix it. Lastly you guys don't drain the pool all the way nor clean the hot tub fully . The breakfast made was chunky waffle mix that you guys made was not mixed well and not cleaned out. The bathroom was leaking.  The Jacuzzi was broken.  Thank you . I hope you learn from this review. And improve .
Rating: 2
Text: Room was in poor condition mechanically. Broken slide lock, loose toilet seat, plugins were loose and didn't work on bedside lamp. Cleanliness was also an issue. Hairpin on floor, ice bucket not cleaned, bed cover looked dirty. Windowsill was also very dirty. One day a member of the cleaning staff left her spray bottle behind. Food ran out 30 minutes before breakfast time was over. The one bright spot was front desk staff were very friendly. Check in and out went smoothly. We were also offered a discount on our stay for the trouble which was appreciated.
Rating: 4
Text: The BW Chicago Southland is a nice, clean place to stay.  I stay here strictly for work purposes only.  I'd like to see a tv in the fitness room and have it open 24 hrs as I am up early and the facility is not open.  Good breakfast, clean and comfortable rooms, and a nice place to stay.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel has improved drastically. Comfortable rooms, microwave and refridgerator, breakfast, the staff, and the hotel was amazing.
