Best Western Plus West I-64
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great place to stay. The service was fantastic and the rooms impeccable. I had stayed there because of a concert in Louisville, so being right across the river from there is great. And the night desk woman is a friendly professional young lady.
Rating: 5
Text: Very good value for money. Great bed. Good AC. Good cable tv. Good breakfast. 12 min to downtown Louisville.  Nice bathroom. Best shower I'm last 10 hotels.  Will definitely return.
Rating: 2
Text: Not my favorite Best Western.

Staff:  Not impressed with the staff.  Every time I left and returned there was always one of them smoking at the front entrance.  I asked for a late check out the night before my departure and was given until noon which was great.  That morning I checked with the guy at the front desk, he confirmed noon check out.  I arrived back at my room 11am, beds were stripped, towels on the floor, my lunch was thrown away.  Obviously the late check out wasn't relayed to housekeeping.  So much for my late check out.

Location:  Great location for doing business in Louisville.  Short drive with little traffic.  

Parking:  It took me a day to figure out the entrance/exits at this location.  Their parking lot is 1-way direction.

Room:  Good size.  Couldn't figure out where all the flies were coming from.  I was also surprised there weren't any curtains to block out the morning light.  The curtains they have are see through at night.

Breakfast:  They had a good variety of hot and cold breakfast items.  I was able to get what I needed for the mooning.  The subway attached to the hotel is nice for a quick lunch.
Rating: 5
Text: We spent 2 nights here after getting married the room was very clean the front desk was extremely nice both morning and night. 5 star service in my opinion without spending all that money. Keep up the good work.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean rooms. Fresh sheets and towels . Pet friendly. Decent rates. They have a Subway in the lobby and a waffle House right next door. Lacasters cafe is so within walking distance
