Best Western Plus Kansas City Airport-KCI East
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed 2 night here. Its right by the airport and highway, but didn't really here any traffic or airplanes while I was here. Nice breakfast and area to eat. I didn't use the pool, but I did look at it and they have a handicap lift to get into it, which I think is awesome. Staff that I interacted with was polite and courteous. The room was very nice as well.
Rating: 2
Text: Check in was good.  Upon entering the room I noticed there was a2 inch gap under the door, allowing someone in the hall to look under the door and see my naked self.  There was a dead roach under the bathroom sink,  and I killed two more.  The toilet had what looked like blood splattered inn the left side,  which led mine to worry about the cleanliness of the rest of the room.  There was what looked like semen stains on the bed skirt.  The bed covers were clean however,  and no bedbugs under the mattress.  The bed was also comfortable.  The fitness room was decent but could be improved with a couple kettle bells to enhance the cable and pulley weight machines.  On check out,  there was not a employee there so I had to just leave my room key on the counter.  The shuttle to the airport was punctual but it was actually groom another hotel,  LaQuinta.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice place, efficient, friendly staff. Rooms are nice. Had an enjoyable stay, and breakfast is good. Place is clean, and room service does a great job. Good places to eat nearby, and they will shuttle you upon request to mall area.
Rating: 3
Text: The property and room were fantastic. One of the best jacuzzis that we've had. The staff on the other hand were not impressive!! Not friendly, didn't seem to care if we were there or not! Disappointing. I'm not used to that kind of service at Best Western.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here 1 Tuesday night. Liked it. Breakfast was included: cereals, waffle batter to make yourself, fruits, yogurt, sausages, biscuits with gravy, eggs, bagels... very nice. Our regular room was very spacious! I went to gym and swimming pool in the morning, nobody there. Very clean .
