Best Western Plus Mishawaka Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice staff and updated rooms. Good suggestions on rewards card. Pool open late and very close to a wide variety of dinner choices. Seems to be a running theme with the Best Western Hotels is the thermostat and the AC unit was not the cleanest thing spitting out air. Overall it's a nice hotel with a nice king bed.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel staff were friendly, and quite helpful. The beds were a nice balance between firm and soft, and there was a good selection of pillows. Thankfully, the A/C was running in continuous mode, so I didn't have to fight it to set it up. Breakfast was adequate, with waffles, eggs and sausage, and a dish of the day (today featured biscuits and gravy). There was also a selection of breads, pastries, and fruit. The hotel also featured a small, shallow swimming pool and a nicely sized hot tub. There was one disappointment. The second floor air conditioner unit is right next to the smoking area, so the vapors were pushed into the hotel. It was not pleasant, but the smell did not penetrate into the room. Overall, I was happy with my stay, and for the rate I would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 2
Text: I chose this hotel for an overnight stay because it was pet friendly. I have never had to stay at a hotel with pets before and don't know if it is normal to designate certain rooms for guest with pets, but the room was pretty gross. The stench of carpet deodorizer was almost unbearable. The bathroom was not cleaned to my standards with a previous guest's soap being left in the shower. Also the shower drain did not drain fast enough. The customer service was good and had I complained during my stay I am sure they would have addressed it but I was simply too exhausted to move rooms.
Rating: 4
Text: Really nice and fresh looking hotel.  The desk staff were friendly and helpful.  Very clean room, bathroom more updated then other Best Westerns I have been at.  Great location. Would definitely stay here again!
Rating: 5
Text: To all the wonderful staff here...  Thank you so much!  The wedding cake was a success.  
Everything was absolutely wonderful. The staff,  the room,  the breakfast, the hotel was so wonderful. Couldn't have asked for more.  Anyone searching for a place to stay, this hotel is a must.  The staff was just so amazing.  I can't thank you enough. Never go wrong with Best Western, Special  thanks to Connie Harmon & Tori Langford!! You made it possible . 
