Best Western Benton Harbor-St. Joseph
Rating: 4
Text: Overall we had a very nice experience.  Indoor pools are smaller than they appear on the website, but thankfully they weren't crowded when we were there.  Beds and pillows were quite comfortable.  The eggs at breakfast were a little rubbery, but the staff was helpful and kind and the variety at breakfast was nice.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice updated rooms with modern design.  Beds are new and very comfortable.  
I'm no longer a fan of the "free breakfast" situation at Best Westerns.  They are always an uncomfortable mad house.  There was an actual line going out to the lobby.  I would rather pay less to just have the "continental breakfast" or to receive a voucher/coupon for breakfast at a local business.   You basically have to work to get your breakfast and fight a crowd desperate to get their money's worth.
Rating: 5
Text: I enjoyed my stay. The rooms were very nice and things for our wedding party were handled well. The pool area was pleasant and the breakfast had a good variety.
Rating: 1
Text: Outside of hotel looked clean,  room was not. Trash still on the floor,  hair all over the shower and a spot on the sheets.  Nothing was done about it,  staff seemed bothered by my complaint.  Hotel excuse was that they were very understaffed.  I had to track down someone for a towel at the pool, was told they didn't have any dry- that the dryer was not working properly.  
Upon check out,  I exited the door by our room and slipped in vomit.  An employee had gotten sick,  she walked through the entire lower level to find a coworker to help. When existing, I  watched as she cleaned up the vomit by herself - clothing still covered in her vomit.  Management did nothing about me falling in someone else's vomit but respond with "o, sorry. "  we stay with best western frequently,  this location was VERY DISAPPOINTING!
Rating: 2
Text: Had  two rooms with grandkids.   The rooms were across the hall which was good.  But one room had smoke odor and there was not any option left to move everyone.    The 3 year old in the smoky room had an asthma attack at 2am and had to go to Emergency room.   This facility needs to enforce their no smoking policy.  If a room has been smoked in it needs to be deep cleaned and not offered to anyone until cleaning completed.   On the plus side very nice staff,  good location to Silver Beach, and nice indoor pool.   Room décor was fresh and bed comfortable.  Microwave and refrigerator in the room is a plus.
