Best Western Plus Seville Plaza Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: Comfortable room with a nice bathroom, large closet area, armchair with footrest, and a small fridge.  Check-in process was easy.  Love the location in downtown KC - easy walking distance from the art museums, parks, many great restaurants, and even a theater.  However, I did get kicked out of the downstairs eating area by staff at 11:00 pm because they said they had to close it so people didn't make a mess before breakfast.  I'd prefer a hotel that allowed guests to actually use the common areas.  I was sitting quietly, not making a mess.
Rating: 4
Text: We enjoyed are stay here a month ago.  Staff was very friendly and helpful.  Location of the place is pretty good as well.  The breakfast the offer is pretty good lots of options, but get there early. The room we had wasn't too bad, the biggest problem we had is the toilet very little water pressure to it.  I was just happy that didn't carry over to the shower!
Rating: 5
Text: Outstanding stay.  We were more than comfortable in our rooms.  The staff went out of their way to provide every service that we needed.  Breakfast was way above average, as were the breakfast hostesses.  
Very much liked the Friday shuttle that took our group to the Plaza on a very crowded, hot evening and picked us up after dinner.
Small hotel on the edge of the Plaza.  The smallness was delightful..
Rating: 4
Text: Clean, efficient motel, with a helpful staff. We had a room with a king-size bed which was comfortable and a flat screen TV and refrigerator which both worked perfectly. We stayed four nights while at a conference at the Crown Center. Breakfast, which included eggs, sausage, and waffles, was available early enough for us to eat and get to the conference on time. The room was always cleaned and the bed made up by the time we returned in the evening. This motel is an easy ten minute bus ride from the Crown Center, and much less expensive than the hotel rooms available there. A day pass for the bus is three dollars and can be purchased on the bus from rhe driver. Parking is limited in the parking lot in front of the motel, but there is a second parking lot around the block behind the motel. We would stay at this motel again and can recommend it to anyone else traveling to Kansas City.
Rating: 5
Text: The Best Western Plus Seville Plaza Hotel is a very well maintained, clean and comfortable hotel with a staff second to none.  We stayed at this hotel because our father was in the nearby St. Luke's Hospital.
I have never stayed at a hotel where the guests were treated like family.
They went out of their way to make sure we were comfortable and had everything we needed.
Thanks so much to them for all they did for us!
