Best Western Kendallville Inn
Rating: 2
Text: Nice place, clean rooms. Not much regard for personal property, though. A coworkers car was hit in the parking lot, and there was no one available to review footage from one of the many cameras around the building. And to make it better, the maintenance man, told her that maybe she should park further from the building. Very rude. Won't stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: I can't say enough good about the hotel & staff.  I was there for 4 days with 18 others on a golf outing & they could not have made a better stay.  Amy at front desk is phenomenal,  courteous,  & excellent at her job.  Sure hope we get to come back!
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is a surprising gem in a rural area. The rooms were really big with an extra little seating area. My husband went to a bluegrass festival and I set up a little sewing area and worked on my quilts.. It worked great. Hotel was very clean. Breakfast was the usual but clean and well stocked. The only improvement could be stronger coffee. A very nice weekend.We would stay again if we came back to the bluegrass festival next year.
Rating: 5
Text: This was our 2nd stay here and I enjoyed it more than the first visit.  Amy and Miranda are always friendly and helpful, making sure everyone is happy and enjoying their stay.  I met a couple of the other front desk girls this visit and they were just as friendly.  The cleaning staff is great, I enjoyed talking to Neena, she remembered me from my previous stay and welcomed me back. Everyone was friendly and helpful.  The pool always looks amazing and the hot tub was great.  I can tell they take care of both of them.  I will be back to this hotel anytime I'm in the area.
Rating: 1
Text: 2nd Edit: 

When rooms were originally booked with this hotel almost none of the reservations were linked to our party. I called all the people I knew were staying and had them re confirm they were affiliated with us. 
I assumed then that all of this was worked out. I was wrong about this as well. We were told if we could have 15 or more guests stay our room would be free. The manager told us we didn't meet this threshold. I went back through and surveyed my guests. I had 16 rooms meaning our room should have been free. We were charged for this room. 

Currently trying to prove this in an attempt to have this charge reversed. 

This hotel is a nightmare. 

Edit:

The manager that commented below did NOT talk to me or to anyone in my party! They're claiming to have contacted the guest who WALKED IN ON OTHERS SLEEPING but they have NOT contacted this guest. 

Horrendous experience. 
My husband and I recently got married at Sylvan Cellars (100% would recommend this venue) 
We decided to have our wedding guests stay at this hotel. We had issues from the start. Persons didn't get included in the group, some had multiple reservations under their name, etc. I was under the impression that blocking off rooms meant we would be in close proximity. We had guests all over the hotel. 
One of my guests was given a key to a room that was occupied. She walked in to a hotel room at 1 AM which already had persons sleeping. The front desk gave her a key to a second room which was not cleaned from the night before. Finally said guest received a room which had definitely been smoked in. By this point we were just thankful she had a place to lay her head. 
No one seems to have authority to fix any situation. We have called multiple times to inquire about a refund for this guests room. Each time I am assured someone will get back with me. This has been ongoing for 6 weeks! 

As far as the hotel quality it's low but clean.
