Best Western Pioneer Inn & Suites
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were great. Very clean and spacious. Felt like home. Front desk was very helpful even when we got in at 2 AM. 
Continental breakfast needs some help. Same gentleman there both mornings. He was very nice but extremely busy. 
The breakfast area was clean and was well presented. The food on the other hand needs improvement. Potatoes were cold and scrambled eggs were runny. It seemed too generic for Iowa.
Rating: 1
Text: STAY AWAY! You're better off staying in your car. The first rooms bath wouldn't drain, leaving ankle deep water. Neither did the sink. Which would push up hair.  The second rooms fridge didn't work but was replaced. Then I started to find ants and other bugs crawling everywhere. On the bed, bathroom. In the halls. I told the front desk and I got a nice tiny ant hotel....behind the phone next to my bed. Oh, make sure you don't keep valuables in your room. I've returned to find my door unlatched and waiting for anyone to pass by and steal my belongings...twice. I'd recommend sleeping in the parking lot of the Kum and Go next door over this hotel. As the staff at that establishment knows more than this place.
Rating: 2
Text: Staff was nice & friendly. But the rooms are outdated & dirty! As habit,  I always check beds for bedbugs. We didn't see any but there were some other bugs & maybe fleas on the arm chair. We obviously moved away from our things but it was still gross. I couldn't sleep we'll BC I kept thinking of the bugs.
Rating: 3
Text: Our room was clean with comfy king-size beds and fluffy pillow. Decent shower. Breakfast buffet was just okay nothing special. I had scrambled eggs in a toasted muffin. Coffee was not great. I did some laps in the pool--deepest part was 5 feet--around 9:30 pm. We stayed at the BW during a very busy weekend. The front desk was super busy with phone calls, registered guests and drop-ins. They were turning people away left and right. Kimber was awesome and friendly. She quickly reassigned our room when I reported that the first one had a broken toilet. We got a good night's sleep. There's no  atmosphere here. It'd right off the highway.
Rating: 1
Text: Rated 1-star because 0-stars was not an option.  My son recently stayed here as part of a school athletic trip.  During his stay, housekeeping stole $250 from his room.  Multiple others in his group also reported items missing from their rooms (including at least one additional person reporting stolen money).  Management was going to attempt their own investigation without calling the police.  I had to demand police involvement on behalf of my minor son.  Best Western management has made no attempt at follow-up even though I left my contact information. DO NOT STAY AT THIS MOTEL!
