Best Western Plus Butterfield Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Great staff, clean rooms, hot breakfast!  We were given a first floor room, very large, and LOVED it.  My husband was having trouble walking after driving all day, so they gave us a handicapped room without us asking for it.  We APPRECIATED the room AND the staff.  EXCELLENT experience!  We would stay there again!!
Rating: 4
Text: My favorite place to stay is Best Western throughout the Midwest. Clean and friendly where you can bring entire family. Enjoy their hot breakfast or take a swim and if you want to work out, well they have a fitness room with equipment. I highly recommend!
Rating: 2
Text: The lady at the front desk was very rude and told me not to ask for anything and to stop ringing the bell and interrupting her from the break room off her phone. As a platinum member and valued customer i expected more. There wasn't even a microwavein our $199 a night room and while talking about the hot tub it was closed down 30 minutes Early as every other comfort in has a 24/7 indoor pool and spa. The rooms were very blane with baby poop colored walls and a bathroom as small as a closet. No safe was in the room or offered for our valuables. I will not be coming back to this location again ever and will stay at the best western across the street which offers not only cheaper rates but a friendlier atmosphere and better service.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms were clean. The door locks do not function properly. I don't kow if this is because of an installation problem or age of the locks themselves. They lock, but don't always want to unlock. Free breakfast and you are greeted be a friendly and helpful staff. I seem to have an issue with my allergies during my visit. I don't know if this was caused by fliters needing to be changes or just bad luck on my part. The meeting room we used could hold about 50 people.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean and spacious. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good. Nice variety of food.
