Best Western Route 66 Rail Haven
Rating: 5
Text: The quality smaller motels are unfortunately fading on us. Rail Haven is the notable exception to that trend.  It is a family run operation functioning on a busy section of Route 66 as it has for years; since Rte 66 was two lanes of nearly nothing half in the middle of nowhere.
So Rail Haven is still there. Still providing guest lodging with individually accessed rooms in a cottage type setting.
Room lighting and the provision of receptacles are excellent.
Cleanliness and level of maintenance are excellent.
Quality of beds is excellent.
Staff is warmly welcoming, courteous, and knowledgeable if surrounding area.
The pavilion is a great touch to the amenities.
The breakfast stands on its own merits and has both inside and outside seating.

I've stayed here twice in the last year, will continue to stay here, and will recommend it to others without hesitation.
Rating: 5
Text: Such a neat place to stay! Stayed here while traveling from Texas to Missouri. The beds and pillows were nice and comfortable. The breakfast was very nice especially the biscuits and gravy. The staff was always very nice and delivered excellent customer service every time we spoke with someone. The property is clean and well kept. Please keep in mind this is an older property that has a lot of history and not a new property. The rooms are smaller and the bathrooms are period correct, not today's modern style. I'm not saying they are not nice or do not work, they are just more 1950's 1960's then today. This place is very fun and very retro and I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Springfield!
Rating: 5
Text: Haven't been here since the remodel and, oh my gosh, it was so nice! The rooms were top notch and super clean, the staff was very helpful and kind, and breakfast was great too. For the price, I was over the moon with the wonderful service and quality of the room we received. Can't wait to stay here again the next time I visit.
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms are well maintained and very clean. Housekeeping was courteous and offered extra towels for guests. The location is just a few miles from downtown Springfield, which is a nice spot with eateries and clubs. The ambience at the motel was also great.
Rating: 5
Text: Great, kitschy hotel with a long history in Springfield. Rooms are bungalow-like and cozy. They do have a few accessible rooms as well. Like all BWs,  complimentary breakfast. Summer also offers a large patio for socializing.
