Best Western Plus Leamington Hotel & Conference Centre
Rating: 5
Text: Best Western Plus Leamington was the perfect venue for my October wedding! They have a gorgeous backyard with several choices for an outdoor ceremony to take place--we chose the bridge overlooking the marsh which is led up to by a winding stone path for the aisle. All our guest were able to stay on site and enjoy the wonderful amenities provided. The monarch room transformed beautifully for our reception and the staff were incredible at helping us decorate and accommodating all our requests. All my guest were thrilled that everything was on site and blown away by the hotel itself.
Rating: 5
Text: We held our daughters wedding at Best Western Plus in Leamington .
They catered everything from the rehearsal dinner the wedding ceremony, reception and a breakfast the next morning.
Many of our guests stayed over night.
Everything turned out beautifully
The weather was perfect, the venue was absolutely beautiful and perfect for our guests.
The staff were very attentive and accommodating during the planning stages and were there for us all throughout the evening.
A beautifully renovated facility that we were unaware of until recently.

Only negative was the fact that the air conditioning units were not working in some of the rooms, however, who would expect that we would need air conditioning in October in Leamington.
Rating: 4
Text: I haven't stayed here, but we've had birthday parties here. The facilities are excellent with a large meeting room, large play equipment, pool with 2 small waterslides pool table, table tennis and a small arcade. Food is good. Staff is very friendly for the most part (would have given 5 stars if it hadn't been for the lady booking our most recent birthday party who had a bit of a grumpy fit at one point. Maybe just having a bad day). The lobby area is nice and wide open and the whole place had been renovated very nicely.
Rating: 1
Text: We paid so much money only for the water slides to not be on, buckets on the play floor because of leaks in the ceiling, there seemed to be just one cleaning lady and while she was pleasant by 6 pm rooms should be done being serviced not me chasing someone down for bedding. Also things didn't get refilled like toilet paper, some of the machines didn't work and there wasn't many to choose from, etc etc etc.  we paid almost $900 Canadian for worse service then we would have gotten at a cheap motel. And the side doors don't work and aren't secure so anyone can get in and out without a key card! I had to go to get toilet paper from the front desk, ask to have garbage taken out and such and always felt like I was chasing people down or finding a new game machine not working or vending machine sold out.  Plus the soda we did get was so old and flat from the front, the Vanilla Coke. Not a good stay at all. The only saving grace was how pleasant the staffs attitude was, but it wasn't enough for us to want to be around again. So much money for so little. Add in a not working bathtub, barely working shower and all the water stains. I'd say skip it and pay for a cheaper hotel up the street.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms and atrium area are very nice and it was great to have that area for the kids. Pool area was not that great and we weren't told anywhere online or at check-in that the slides didn't operate during the week at all. Some of the rock tiles in the pool area were growing algae and it looked like the whole floor needed a good cleaning. My daughter also got stung by a wasp in the pool area. Rooms were nice and beds were comfy. Also disappointed by the fact there was no breakfast included. Staff was wonderful and friendly.
