Best Western Naperville Inn
Rating: 5
Text: I shopped hotels in the Naperville area for price and value for a 2 night stay. Cleanliness was my top priority, and this property did not disappoint. After reading reviews, I selected the Best Western. The rooms were spacious and newly remodeled, and everything felt fresh about the property. The bed was comfortable, the pillows were good, and the TV was a larger screen. It was a combination of interior/exterior corridor, and we had an exterior pet friendly room which had the vinyl "wood plank" floor (clean!) covering. The staff was very accommodating and allowed us use of the breakfast area for carrying in dinner and visiting (we had 5 rooms with family). Everyone in my group commented about how nice the rooms were, and how clean everything was. I cannot think of one negative experience with our visit. It was that good. I would definitely stay here again, and would  recommend to others as well.
Rating: 4
Text: Hard to bet the price for the quality you get at this location. So easy on-off the Tollway and close to all the places we want to go. Recent updates to lobby, breakfast area and all rooms is really great.
Rating: 5
Text: It was a nice and clean hotel and I would stay again. I was happy they had all the things you need if you where at home, a coffee machine, microwave, a frig. etc. I would recommend it to everyone. The last hotel I stayed was a dump Motel 6 this one was 100% better and I don't come to Illinois much but I will stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful experience.  Very clean and comfortable room with good breakfast, fast internet and fully equipped fitness room.  We called ahead to ask for help with our allergies and asthma related to scented products and the Staff went above and beyond to prepare our room with minimal scented cleaning products and unscented sheets and towels.  Other hotels can learn a thing or two from this outfit. Thank you.
Rating: 3
Text: The room and hotel itself are not horrible but there are better options in the area as far as Best Western's go.  My room had a pass through door to the adjoining room next to it, every night around 6,   would start off with loud conversations, like the walls are paper-thin, the smell of marijuana all night long, followed by loud sex to the wee hours of the morning.  Once I checked out of the room and checked into a different room that room had a heater that barely worked and no carpeting just linoleum that felt very cold and unwelcoming
