Best Cozy House Inn & Suites
Rating: 1
Text: When we checked in the man at desk didn't smile or greet us in any way. Was rather curt. Then when we got in our room it was plain but efficient for a one night stay. But had a odor in the room. The pool was a horrible experience. We had 2 children with us. Who of course wanted to swim. The pool had so many bugs WE had to skim the water before the kids would get in. The pool had dirt and slime on bottom. We got in and right back out. The hot tub didn't work either. Sorry probably wouldn't stay again. Although it was convenient being so close to the tanger mall I will look around for other accommodations next time.
Rating: 1
Text: DONT STAY HERE!!!  The guy at the desk, Sri, was very put out and unfriendly when checking in.  The hotel had a musty smell and the room was worse.  Pulled the hide-a-bed out and found a dead beetle.  He must have been eating the Doritos that also fell out. 

Went to the front desk to get additional blankets because we weren't going to sleep under the covers. No one came to the desk so I found the storage closet and found 3 on my own. We were only able to use 2 as one blanket also had dead beetles in it.
Rating: 1
Text: The rooms were not very clean, customer service was bad, there was no one behind the desk most of time. The prices he quoted us over the phone were different than when we got to hotel.  Ofcourse the prices were more.  I will never stay there again.
Rating: 2
Text: This USED to be the place we recommended to all our family & friends to stay at—we even stayed there when interviewing. But, under the new management, we will be telling folks not to stay there. The man at the desk was rude and very mean to our family & he refused to accommodate how we wanted to pay for the room. The room was not ready when they arrived, with five little ones, at 3:45, despite advertising a 3 pm check in. They ended up having to wait until 4:30 to be allowed into their less than mediocre room. Very disappointed.
Rating: 3
Text: Maybe it was just an off weekend for them.

If you reserve a suite, just know that's a room with a sofa, not two separate rooms.  There's no elevator so ask for main floor, but it's not guaranteed.

We got back to the room late afternoon to find that our room has not been made up but the desk clerk did bring us two fresh towels.  

The bed was nice.
