Best Western Wauseon
Rating: 5
Text: We were traveling to town for business. We booked this hotel based on price and customer review. We were not disappointed!  We came to town earlier than expected. I called to see if we might be able to check in early and they were more than happy to accommodate us.  The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable.  We did not try the breakfast, but I was glad to see that it was provided. We will definitely stay here the next time we are in the area!
Rating: 1
Text: I visited while on a business trip, the room was perfectly fine, the service was very nice as well and the front desk lady was very pleasant. However, I left my wallet in the room and when I came back for it I was missing cash and had smaller bills that I didn't have before. Because there is no footage, nothing could be done and so I paid more than double what that room is worth in the end. Not a bad place if you are very careful, but leave nothing to chance if you stay here.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean and quiet. Not fancy but that wasn't expected. Everything you need for a night on the road with a nice diner just across the street. Decent breakfast in the morning and I'm on my way again.
Rating: 1
Text: It became evident this year that the motel is under new management/owners. I have been staying at the Best Western Del-Mar for years. We were immediately refused the use of our Commercial charge card to which the motel has signed a contract and refusal is in violation of that contract. We have used that method of payment for years. I became acquainted with the operations manager we reviewed the contract the first time we ever used the card on this event and it is clear about the use of this card especially when involving business use, I have a motorcycle shop. Shelly is vary efficient caring as well as quite concerned with the appearance of the motel rooms and amenities. It was immediately apparent this year that the manager I have come to know was no longer totally in charge of the care and service employees. The caring and efficient cleaning and maid service was no longer there. Only 1 out of every 3 service personnel spoke clear English. The room we were put in was not the room that I reserved 11 or 10 months in advance, been in that same room for years on that weekend. The Manager I've known for years had told me that we would be able to switch rooms on Saturday but that was denied. The room phone did not work from the check in day and what seemed to be the head man of maintenance really had no idea what he was doing with fixing it. The female that appeared to be in charge of the front was a little less than pleasant the whole stay. She was there when I asked for our usual corporate rate and appeared to became quite irritated at me for even requesting it.  The room we were put in was filled with spiders, fly s, mosquitoes, some kind of little black bugs. The shower walls every morning was covered with spiders and mosquitoes and had to wash them down the drain. The shower was leaking between the walls and the carpet at the entrance to the bathroom stayed soaking wet the width of the door 2 to 3 feet out the entire time. We had to lay a folded bath towel over it to keep from soaking your socks when ever you went to the bathroom. They don't even use Best Western brand accessory's shampoo,  coffee,etc. The breakfast is not what it used to be either. This was the worst stay I have ever had there and not at all worth the money charged, the condition of this motel is going down hill FAST.  In good faith I have made my reservations there one more year. I will be keeping an eye on the sign threw out the year, we like BW and hope to see it brought back up to quality standards.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was nice.  Staff kind and very attentive.  Quality for price was excellent.  Breakfast amenity awesome.  Call button to office on phone did not work.
