Bloomington-Normal Marriott Hotel & Conference Center
Rating: 1
Text: Following over 10 hours of travel, I arrived at this hotel at 2:30 am expecting my late arrival reservation to be ready and available. I waited at the front desk for almost 1.5 hours for the attendant to return from break. On-site security had no ability to contact the only on-site Marriott staff?!  No other hotel staff could be tracked by Marriott corporate customer service. I have now spent over a week and countless hours on the phone, and Marriott has still not generated a fair response. Being an issue revolving around an approx. $125 discrepancy, it blows my mind that Marriott did not just fully comp the room.  Instead the organization has now invested more than that through management salaries dancing around accountability for the issue, effectively lost my future business, and are also going to have this review floating around out there. Too many large corporations in America have lost sight of simple approaches to excellent customer service.... it really does come at a small cost Marriott.

10/02/17 @ 5:07pm - No Jen, the issue is still pending.  That is correct however; I have been in contact with numerous staff and mgt personnel, to no avail. The offer was to comp ONLY the first night (which should be a given) as for all practical purposes I did not have my head on a pillow that evening. However, even that has still not happened......
Rating: 3
Text: Room and location were great. Service was nice and rooms were very clean. Beautiful lobby. Only complaint was TV was missing some popular channels and I had to leave for a bar to watch a playoff sports game. I was surprised they didn't have it at the bar either.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed here while on a business trip. The room was very nice and clean. To my surprise, there was a microwave and a mini fridge in the room. This hotel has all of the amenities of a hotel in Vegas. The hotel staff was super accommodating. I felt comfortable enough to fall asleep easily which is very rare for me when sleeping away from home. There are plenty places to eat nearby that is in walking distance and each place I ate the food was really good. I highly recommend this hotel if you have to stay in the area.
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms are nice and the TV had Netflix. However the front desk lady was not very competent. She could not find our reservation until I gave her the confirmation email.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed for a professional conference. The rooms were nice and modern and the staff was exceptional and friendly. Watch out though, that train outside blows its horn pretty regularly.
