Bluegrass Extended Stay
Rating: 2
Text: I thought the rate was $89/night only to find out that because I cancelled the first night the rate jumped to $109/night. The room was not worth the price we had to pay. It was small. The bathroom door did not close all the way. The front desk attendant was not very friendly. Friends of ours had to go to a different hotel because the room triggered their asthma and the attendent gave them a hard time when they asked to be moved to a different room. The sheets were scratchy.

We liked that we could arrange for late check out last minute. The hotel was close to our venue and within walking distance of many amenities which we liked. The beds were comfy and clean although full sized so a little small. We had a quiet stay/quiet neighbors.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms are all smoking rooms so the smell was quite pungent upon entering. We purchased fabric and air febreeze to make it bearable. The price and location are great for the race track or UK event. A/C in room was moderate at best. Never got as cold as I would have liked. Staff was friendly and good
Rating: 3
Text: Location is ideal with several restaurants, grocery, and retail shopping within walking distance/short drive. Relatively inexpensive room prices. The constant police patrols through the parking lot creates safe feelings for some, while creating paranoia for the others. A few of the other guests must be extremely friendly because they have a whole lot people visiting them but none of them seem to stay very long. Some don't even have to get out of their car because the the guests come to them. One must be a musician but no one ever buys his CD because they always hand it back. Another must sell buttons or coins because I've found many decorative button bags that his friends drop. I'd definitely stay here again and suggest it to others. My last night staying I finally found the diabetic lady that kept dropping her insulin pins in the parking lot taking a nap in her car.
Rating: 4
Text: we had a nice, pretty pleasant stay here and it was very affordable. would stay again. make sure to bring your own toothpaste because the vending machine charges $2 cash for the tiniest little crest thing
Rating: 1
Text: They will take you money, don't swip card..... 14 dollars to vacuum. They told me oh well their is a sign that says 250 min...  #not 14 Don't be a fool go to sparkle customer service is a lot better. 
