Bluemont Hotel
Rating: 1
Text: Room #1 Booked a double queen for one night. Was given a single King for three people. 
Room #2 Booked a double queen accessible as I am on crutches. Given the correct room. On the second day we were told we had to leave the accessible room because they needed it for someone else - evidently my need didn't matter. I had to move rooms. That evening I asked if I could at least have a shower stool. The desk told me they would bring one up. After almost two hours I called the desk and they said they didn't have one. They could have called and told me. The next day, after checking out I found a charge for approximately $250 that was a "mistake". I only authorized a $50 hold on my card. When I talked to the manager, she really didn't care about my problems and said the bank would remove the hold.
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean and modern atmosphere. The bar is a nice place but there were very few people there. Rooftop live music and cash bar was a nice thing to have on a cool night. The room was huge with a TV viewing are with couch and chair. My room overlooked Aggieville. Staff was very friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: My room was huge! Great location, good bar downstairs and they often have live music upstairs on the roof. Great place to stay for Manhattan visits
Rating: 5
Text: I attended a retirement party that was held in one of the meeting areas on the fifth floor. It's a very nice hotel and this was my first time going into the hotel. Very modern decor. I did not go in any rooms so I can't speak on them although if the rest of the hotel is any indication of how nice the rooms are, I would expect them to be equally nice. The meeting area where the event was held was large and open with a great view of the city. There was a removable dance floor that I found to be very neat. There was bar service with a good selection of liquors. The was beer also but I didn't have any. Bathrooms were close by and were clean. Hotel staff was friendly.
Rating: 4
Text: There was a lot of confusion with booking, and it seemed like different staff kept giving us different answers. The hotel itself is nice, great location, and the breakfast was great.
