Blue Valley
Rating: 1
Text: Emergency Contact for after hours issues is a JOKE! NO call backs and service just shows up. A flippin' JOKE! Emergency contact for after hours should NOT be handled via a 3rd party center, and rather should be handled by a qualified maintenance staff member or property manager with the ability to make decisions about repairs that require immediate attention.

Worse place to rent from. I'd rate 0 stars if possible. Having one office for 3 communities, is an overload for the staff.

Office staff can be rude and disrespectful and does not provide precise information when requested. Office staff is inconsistent and the turnover rate is incredibly high.

Maintenance does not fully resolve work order requests and often just does a "band-aid" job. Maintenance has no power to purchase items in order to properly repair items that become broken or are worn due to normal wear and tear. Work order requests are often lost.

Pest control services are not provided, though it is never discussed except once in a blue moon in the occasional newsletter. Invoicing for rent (both home and site) is never early enough for you to plan, and in fact are lucky if it is received prior to the 1st of the month when your rent is due. They are quick to hand out eviction notices and such in a very timely fashion, however not their invoicing.

Can not pay rent online. Can not submit work order requests online.
Rating: 5
Text: Well kept, with appropriate speed bumps, and friendly residence.
Rating: 2
Text: Damn speed bumps.  Way to many
Rating: 1
Text: I have lived here for about a year and a half. It isnt the most beautiful trailer park, but it is nice and affordable. I keep my home very clean and my yard isn't cluttered with things. Recently I have had alot of problems with the new ladies in the office. They are rude and very demeaning. I went to see about moving to a double wide (I'm on month to month right now) and was told one will be ready at this time, I asked if I needed to do anything and was told no, they would call when it was done.  I go in there few days later to see what's up and they had rented it, said well if you would have put a deposit down it would have been yours. Well I asked if I needed to and was told no. So to me, they rented it out from under me. As I was told this then found out I was lied to. Then I get a notice on my door to store my kayaks some where they arnt seen. Told to store them under my home. Problem with that is few months back my sewage was backed up and they had to drain it all under my home! So there is human waste under there! They then told me to get a storage area on the other property to store them at 30$ a month. A storage unit which gets broken into and vandalized alot. No thank you. The rule says, "All items, including children's toys and play items, lawn furniture, bbq grills, and the like, must be stored in a neat and orderly manner." I feel like my kayaks (that are outdoor items) fit in the and like part of that. Also they are neatly set up along my porch. I do not see the issue and have no where else to store them. I strongly feel that these people working here are picking. I thought this was a decent place to live until these recent events. 

 THEY ARE A SHADY BUSINESS. EVEN PEOPLE THAT HAVE WORKED HERE WILL TELL YOU NOT TO MOVE HERE!
Rating: 3
Text: Very reasonable rent.
