Blue Door Cottages
Rating: 5
Text: The staff,  Brent,  was very kind and if we needed anything he was quick to get it to us.  The cottages were very nice and clean and they supplied all kitchen ware.  
We never made it in the pool, but kids from other cottages were constantly in it.  
The fire pits are very nice and it was a nice way to meet other visitors. 

Over all amazing experience and we will be back!!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: We had a thoroughly enjoyable time.  The pool was perfect for our grandson, age 5.  Our cabin had 2 nice size bedrooms but we only had 2 adults so space was a none issue.  The cottage was well maintained and reasonably clean.  We plan on returning next year.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice little cottages not too far from Indiana Beach. Only complaint about studio cottage is very limited counter space in kitchen & bath.
Pool is nice but small, grounds are cared for & clean. 
Boat docks & pier are a bit sketchy stairs actually boarder on being dangerous, docks are missing cleats or the cleats are loose, boards missing & screws sticking out randomly. But a free place to tie up your boat is a free place to tie up your boat. 
Gentleman at the front desk on check-in was brash, straight forward maybe, not rude but not very welcoming either. 
Overall would stay again but would probably upgrade to 1 bedroom. 
Rating: 5
Text: Our large family has vacationed at the Blue Door Cottages since 2009.  We have always found it to be exceptionally clean, comfortable and well maintained with charming Ikea furnished cottages.  

In the summer of 2016, we had our first bad experience because of the manager at that time.  Since then he has been replaced by a new manager, Brett.  Brett made our stay very comfortable and had a very pleasant friendly attitude. He was so kind and provided fresh bakery donuts on Sunday morning.  

I also see on their website that they have been nominated as one of the 5 best waterfront destinations in the greater Chicago area.  We are looking forward to our 10th visit there next year.  And it looks like a brand new restaurant that is currently under construction across the road will be open by then - looking forward to trying that next year!
Rating: 1
Text: Very small compared to the advertised amount of people that could be inside one cabin. We left early due to being so uncomfortable. The fact that you could sleep 5 inside is no good when there's no place to sit and eat or just relax- there's plenty of space outside, but if it's raining out then you're s.o.l. Very limited access to the lake due to construction, which was the MAIN reason I was treating my husband to this father's day getaway. There was no forewarning of the construction so there was no way of knowing. Mold. One air conditioner unit. Not for a couple away with children... there will be no "play" lol... If we were going camping- it would be the perfect spot to sleep outside. Maybe a few other things, but I hope you get the picture.

There were in the process of building.
