Blue Heron Campground
Rating: 3
Text: The camp sites were nice with flowers and lots of trees and grass. The showers/ bathrooms could use some work. Easy location to get to off the highway and staff is friendly. There is a train nearby so if you are a light sleeper you might have to think twice about this place. Overall it's a nice site and I would probably stay again if I'm near this area. 
Rating: 4
Text: We were desperately looking for a place to pull over for the night.  Everywhere we called was full or did not answer their phone.  The owner of the Blue Heron was so nice and told us to come on ahead he'd be there till 9:30 pm.  But ey also have a "self service " on your honor option.  We pulled up, the check-in had seen better days but then when we crossed the bridge into the actual campground it was so beautiful!  Surrounded on 3 sides by the Platte River, huge trees, flower beds in every single campsite!  Nature trails for our dog Milly who absolutely loved it.  So if you love nature, this is a charming rustic spot.  Not fancy but everything, even though old, was SPOTLESS.  We would absolutely come back...they also had cute camping cabins, if you don't have an RV.
We also actually saw two blue herons as we were walking!!! So exciting!
Rating: 5
Text: We called late Saturday afternoon and were  told to come on in despite a late night arrival. Campsite packet was left at the office. We requested a spot close to the bathroom and we're accommodated. Beautiful grounds and spacious, pull-through slips. Clean bathroom. Polite, helpful staff. Reasonably priced compared to others we've experienced. Would stay again and recommend. 
Rating: 4
Text: This campground met all of my expectations, clean bathrooms, nice sized campsites, and friendly staff. The playground was a nice feature. I didn't use all of the amenities, but they looked nice. The only drawback was the noise from the interstate, but we chose this campground because of its proximity to the interstate.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to get gas I love having the option for whatever blend of fuel I want.  Extremely friendly staff and clean restrooms.
