Boulders Inn & Suites Manning
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed in a king Suite in Manning, Iowa for my friend's wedding. The staff were really amazing, even when a few of us decided to have drinks in the lobby for a few hours. The room is super comfortable. The bed is spacious and perfect. Loved it.
Rating: 5
Text: Had a really great stay while.visiting for a friend's wedding. Nice rooms, comfortable bed. The gas fireplace is a great end of the day gathering place.
Rating: 5
Text: With my daughter's wedding being held next door at the Hausbarn property, this Inn was a God-send.  The rooms were quiet, the air conditioning was AWESOME (which for me was a "plus!") and the beds and pillows were wonderful to sink into after a long day.  Good variety of items to choose from for breakfast.  Highly recommend!
Rating: 2
Text: Place was nice and clean and check in was smooth. However, that evening our party wanted to sit by the fire pit but the staff did not know how to light it so we were unable to enjoy that. The next morning when we went down for breakfast around 8:30 am, there was not any food in the steamer or crockpot. While we were sitting waiting for the ONE employee to try to restock, two other employees went out the door to smoke! The one employee working in the kitchen appeared to be working the best she could. We finally get some breakfast after sharing with others with what is brought out. When the two employees come back in after smoking, the blonde proceeds to make her a plate of food while patrons are still eating and trying to get breakfast. Someone needed to be overseeing the employees. With a full hotel, you would think they would have breakfast readily available to refill what was needed, not 9 sausage patties, 9 egg patties, or 2 cups of gravy at a time!
Rating: 2
Text: Hotel was very clean rooms are very nice however on our last day Sunday went down to eat @ 8:30 and all the food was gone nothing more was being made had to ask them to make more coffee was empty and juice was all gone. Breakfast is from 6 till 10 one young lady was trying to get stuff out about 15 people waiting two girls behind front desk didn't even bother to try to help or seem to care they walked past everyone to the patio to have a smoke breake then when they was done the blond lady decided since food was being brought out she needed to eat and stepped in front of all the guest to make herself a plate. Them two lady's need to be gone other than that was a clean place to stay I would get the employees under control.
