Boulders Inn & Suites
Rating: 4
Text: The room was spacious. My sister and I felt very comfortable there. Our room had two queen beds and there was a separate area that was like a small living room, with a couch and coffee table. 
 The entire place was clean, neat and tidy. Cookies at the  desk  for guests were warm and yummy. 
This is a small thing, maybe, but the body wash they have in the rooms smelled soooo good plus it didn't dry out my skin like so many others do. 
 The desk clerks were very friendly and very helpful. 
The only annoying thing was that there was no elevator to the second floor. Not one that didn't work, just none there. It made it very difficult for us to get our luggage up there.
Rating: 1
Text: Absolutely a horrible experience, driving across country, get there at midnight beat tired from driving 10 hours straight, and the BLONDE girl with the horrible disgusting lip piercings talks to me and my girl all friendly, about what we are doing way out there, I tell her I got a deal on a car I've always wanted so I flew out to drive it back (I guess that's unheard of in inbred iowa/automatically makes me a f****** drug dealer) anyways, she sends us to our room, 10 minutes later I look out the window and there is 2 cops there, at first I think ehh can't be here for me I haven't done anything, then, shift change, the blonde pos that called them walks out of the hotel to her car and looks directly in our rooms window, at that point I start thinking "did this gross nosey ladies call the cops on me and my girlfriend" mind you we are both clean cut younger people, that look about the farthest from a drug smuggler you can get. Anyways those 2 cop cars leave, I think that's the end of that, WELL NO one of the same cops and a sheriff show up with a drug sniffing k9!!!!!!! At that point I wanted to run outside and cause a huge scene, I spent 150 dollars to sleep from 1am till checkout at 11am! And didn't even sleep because I was nervous about something I didn't do!!!! OH, what do you know, k9 doesn't hit on anything, derrr dee duuurrrr, anyways, if you're driving across country, don't stop at this horrible excuse of a hotel, people are judgmental as****** TO THE BLONDE LADY THAT THOUGHT SHE WAS GUNNA BE SOME KIND OF HERO, f*** yourself and mind your own damn buisness, trash
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel has extremely comfortable beds and the staff is always helpful and friendly. It is easy to get to on the west side of Atlantic just off highway 6. The rooms are well insulated but I could still hear some road noise at times. I do an annual week long event in Atlantic in the Spring and always request that I stay at Boulders. I would recommend it to anyone needing a comfortable place to stay for any length of time.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, quiet rooms and very comfy beds! Excellent hotel staff whom provided great customer service. Breakfast was delicious and there was a different hot breakfast item each of the two mornings that we stayed.
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place, staff is always very friendly and the place is well kept. Beds are super comfortable, there isn't a pool so it doesn't wreak of chlorine like the other hotel here in Atlantic. If swimming is what you like it's very close to the city pool, if its out of season they offer day passes to the local ymca which has a pool and a hot tub. Free wifi and a great breakfast. Boulders is always my first choice!!!
