Breckinridge Inn
Rating: 1
Text: So outside and entry very nice. Lady behind desk was nice. Hotel was old but being renovated. Beds very hard. Only gave us 3 towels sets when there were 4 of us so had to ask for more. One night didn't have any clean. Are you kidding me.Every morning we left early when we returned our key never worked so back to front desk for a new one. On second night my daughter was swimming and life guard was useless not paying any attention on cell phone and playing grab ass with two boys that came in from outside. My oldest was going to make some coffee and when she pulled coffee pot away from wall there was a hypodermic needle taped to the wall wrapped in saran wrap.I was beyond pissed at this time since I also have a 6 yr old. So down to the desk I go and all I got was a sorry.Breakfast was nothing to write home about not waffles or pancakes. Bread was stale/hard.very disappointed will never go back.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms are nice for 10 years ago. Facilities are in need of a serious upgrade in infrastructure. Electrical system cannot handle more than 1 plug In item. Modern electrical needs.... Phone charger, laptop, anything else.... If you need more than 1 outlet, you'd best bring an extension cord.
Rating: 4
Text: We stay here every year during the NAILE.  It's an older but well built hotel. Nice breakfast area.  Nice area in general.  I'd recommend it to my friends.
Rating: 4
Text: I had plans with friends for a girls' day out and this was stop 4 of the day. We had started our day with lunch followed by shopping and a stop to get out hair done. After that we decided to go get drinks since we rarely get a chance for an entire day to just hang out and do "girl stuff". I had heard good things and the bar at the Breckinridge Inn and it was nearby (which meant minimal fighting rush hour traffic) so we decided to stop by. I drive past on a daily basis but have never been in so I wasn't sure what to expect but we enjoyed ourselves. The bartender was friendly an the drinks were well balanced with the right proportions of each ingredient in the cocktail. The only issue we had was figuring out which entrance to go in to find the bar but that was easily remedied and we enjoyed ourselves once inside.
Rating: 4
Text: Multi purpose, family and pet friendly facility.  Full of southern charm and ambience the inn wraps around the luxurious courtyard and outdoor pool. Adjacent to the outdoor pool is a year round indoor pool with male and female locker rooms and a fitness center. There is at least one sauna in the men's locker room. Meeting and conference rooms are available in this independently owned establishment. There is a lounge area with live entertain most nights of the week. The rooms and amenities are admittedly not luxurious, but spacious and adequate. There is a continental breakfast provided, and although I haven't used it personally there is shuttle service available. We have stayed here previously and will definitely be staying here in the future. Unless you're looking for ultimate opulence, I would recommend checking out this affordable alternative. 
