Briarwood Inn of Sparta
Rating: 3
Text: It's a good hotel. Beds are comfy and the staff is attentive. The continent breakfast is pretty basic,cereal, some fruit, a make your own waffle stand, that was nice. For the price it felt a little lacking in style and some amenities, but overall it was a decent place to stay. If you're in Sparta and don't want to pay for the overpriced Holiday Inn this is a nice option. You also support a family owned and operated business so that's a bonus!
Rating: 5
Text: Management photos are very representative of property, and accommodations are quality. If anything,  things look nicer in person. I visited during high volume eclipse time and still I was happy to find they accommodated a couple of requests that sold me on their excellent service. Fridge was pretty roomy,  wi fi worked good and I needed it. All TV channels listed on page in room. Bed very comfortable, really appreciated the nice room, recliner, and pool area way more beautiful and fun than current photo. Very good on site hosts.
Rating: 2
Text: Our room was EXTREMELY HOT! We checked in after 10pm the end of July, obviously this is a typically hot time of year in Southern Illinois. The air should have been on all day but was completely off when we walked in. Although the staff was nice, their answer to the dilemma was a box fan to help cool .the room, which didn't happen until after 2am! They eventually offered a different room but who wants to move in the wee hours of the night? We were given $20 back. Staff is friendly, however, the rooms need much attention. Paint literally was peeling off the wall in the shower and our room smelled like a smoking parlor, which was bewildering considering the fact that Illinois prohibits smoking in most public places including hotels.  Won't be staying there in the future.  
Rating: 4
Text: Much nicer than I was expecting. Rooms very similar to national budget chains. Staff was very friendly. Pool was nice. Room could use a bit of repairs, but minor quibble.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice inn. Nice and clean! Very friendly staff. All around a wonderful experience all together
