Bridgepointe Inn & Suites
Rating: 1
Text: ***BEWARE***
THEY HAVE A LOVELY $50 CASH SCAM!
YOU MUST PAY THIS DEPOSIT TO STAY BUT UNFORTUNATELY, WHEN ITS CHECK OUT TIME, YOU WILL NOT BE REIMBURSED!  I DID NOTHING TO WARRANT THIS THEFT!  HELL, I EVEN STRAIGHTENED OUT THE ROOM, PICKED UP MY GARBAGE AND MADE IT NICE & TIDY.  THEY CLAIMED THEY HAD NO RECORD OF MY DEPOSIT.  I TRIED CALLING NUMEROUS TIMES & E MAILED FOR MY REFUND BUT WAS IGNORED!  MAKE SURE YOU GET A RECEIPT FOR YOUR DEPOSIT!!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointed with this hotel. Back in July I stayed here and one reason we choose this hotel was for the pool. We called the day before and they said they are working on it and it should be open the next day. We took our chances and unfortunately it was closed. We also booked reservations for this weekend 3 months later and we called to see if the pool is open and they gave the same excuse. Also our floor had a very strong weed smell. The rooms were not the cleanest but could have been worse. Because of this lie I would not recommend this hotel because who knows what else they have lied about.
Rating: 4
Text: We had a suite and it was much smaller and crowded than other suites we have stayed in.

The hotel was clean but the guy on the desk when we arrived was clueless.  First question we asked was breakfast hours and the reply was "I think 6 til 9 OR maybe it is 8 til 10.  I don't know but if you come for 8 it will be on."

Wifi on the 3rd floor was non-existent because it did not go that far so we did without until having breakfast in the morning at 8:00.  By the way I looked around and found the breakfast hours posted in a corner.

Oh .. We also asked about shopping and the reply was "I think there is a Walmart a couple exits over but not sure what direction."

Overall the room was nice and clean and breakfast was minimal but what was expected.  We do not pay $100 or more for rooms so we do not expect a full hot buffet.

Anybody who complains about a breakfast should stay at a place that charges $100plus.
Rating: 1
Text: The price may have been affordable, but I gladly would have paid more for a better experience. The entire hallway smelled like marijuana, the woman at the service desk took forever to help us (half the time it was unlikely to see her behind the counter at all), the blanket on our beds were disgusting, covered in cigarette burns, red lipstick, women's hair, a bit of blood, and who knows what else, and there was old food under the beds. Also, the plants outside are all dead, and replaced with fake flowers in pots. Very obviously fake flowers. Needless to say, the picture online made it look way, way better than it really was, and I would not be planning to ever go back ever again. I'd rather sleep in my car first.
Rating: 1
Text: Upon checking in the place looked very run down. No upkeep outside. Trash all in the parking lot. The lobby was was dirty. Floors, doors, windows.  When the girl at the counter charged my card, she handed me a the receipt and said "here's your proof that we only charged you once for your room; we get a lot of complaints about double charging. Also we keep your CC on file in case you burn down the room." The hallway carpet was a joke, stains everywhere. Just like the towels in the room, or the comforter. The shower had a hole in it from a cigarette burn (in a non smoking room) that was sloppily patched.  I didn't even use it because of this. The pool was closed, by the state for noncompliance. Pool/hot tub was listed on site when booking; despite being closed over a month ago. Breakfast came early, because the fire alarm for the whole building was set off at 7:42am, it was donuts, bread, yogurt, and sausage gravy. No juice or coffee was available.
