Brookside Manor
Rating: 4
Text: We've been here since March and are relatively happy. Our house is brand new, so there were several issues at first. Clogged drain, appliances not working, etc., but maintenance fixed everything very quickly. They even loaned us heaters when the furnace went out. As of right now, everything is great! They are LGBT friendly, so that's a plus. Our neighbors are quiet. Packages have been left on our porch and not stolen. We have the option to buy the house, but probably won't. Crime in the area seems to be getting worst. The only other complaints are the small driveway for our 4 bedroom place, the sidewalk runs next to the steps rather than in front of them, high rent and we had to deal with a rude office lady a couple times. But, the sales manager and regional manager are great! We split the rent and utilities amongst ourselves, so it's not bad in our case. They are also very strict on the grass being mowed. Weeds were bad, but we sprayed weed killer. Sprayed for ants. Sometimes, it's about working around things. 

BTW, I wish people would stop calling it a trailer park. It's modular homes, brought in on trucks and put together. It's a modular home community! Lol 
Rating: 1
Text: The community overall and the trailers are nice. The problem lies in the management. If you have any maintenance issues, plan on waiting for a very long time to get the problem fixed. The front office will only hire cheap contractors.....meaning the work is usually not up to par and again you are forced to wait long periods of time because they will only use cheap contractors and keep the same ones very busy. They continue to add homes and can not even handle the current maintenance demands.

My trailer was built in 2014 and I have had several issues that the front office took their sweet time on

2 months for a garbage disposal......2 separate occasions

Both showers have been replaced due to shoddy quality fixtures.
 
I am still currently waiting on them to even come and take a look at my dishwasher. I made the request for it well over 3 weeks ago now.

Sun homes clearly cares more about money as apposed to quality work within a reasonable time frame.
Rating: 4
Text: I have lived here for 4 years and have had no problems with them. Of course we follow the rules such as  keeping our yard mowed (some let their yards go), following the parking rules and other park rules. When the lease is signed it states what is and is not expected. Yes it even says there is a charge for the company to mow the yard. I did a walk through before I moved in and pointed out what was in need of repair and the manager and myself took pictures. So I guess if you follow the rules and pay your rent on time then it you would not have a negative rating.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice place to live close to grocery stores and retail shops.
Rating: 5
Text: It's clean his comfortable people in the office are nice
