Budget Host Inn Columbia
Rating: 5
Text: Seems to me only Jennifer and Casey have work ethics.  Stayed during the eclipse and I would not have stayed if it wasn't for the hard work from these 2 alone.  The tall man with curly hair is creepy and insisted he was assigned my room.  I just wanted to say thank you ladies and that I will be back.  The rooms are decently priced, very clean, I had plenty of towels, and these ladies went above and beyond to help me.  I'm sorry to the families of these two, they were definitely still going strong like energizer bunnies at 830 when I made it back.  Thanks again, rock stars!
Rating: 2
Text: I placed a reservation through Priceline a week prior to our stay. Upon arrival they could not find my reservation which I had an email confirmation for from Priceline. After about 30 minutes they decided just to put us up in a room that they hurried to get together. They said that Priceline was the one causing the problem with the reservation but I have the feeling that because we showed up late at night they decided to give away our room before we got there. Whether it was them or Priceline causing the issues, I ended up not getting the type of room I paid for with extra hassle attached. Overall I was disappointed with our room and the situation. However the staff was helpful to seemingly do what they could and in a friendly manner. If you plan to stay here I suggest not booking through a third party and notifying staff if you plan to arrive much later than check in. Good luck and may the odds be ever in your favor.
Rating: 3
Text: Room was great. Beds were soft and well made and room got nice and cold about 4 hours after we turned on the AC unit. Pool was well taken care of. BUT, the wifi did not work, there weren't enough towels, and the free breakfast was so pathetic we had to go to McDonald's.
Rating: 5
Text: This place has the best customer service and friendly employers. They made my stay wonderful peaceful and relaxing.  Thank you.
Rating: 5
Text: They are very thoughtful people. My stay was very peaceful and relaxing, I was treated with allot of respect and care.? God Bless
