Budget Lodging
Rating: 5
Text: Pricey but so nice! I stayed here without shopping around. It cost me about $100, I think..I never checked the amount. I was dead tired. I picked the first room they offered. Others nay be cheaper. Staff was beyond please and nice. The rooms were awesome! I never felt so comfortable at a hotel or Inn. The area is beutifilul to look at and food is close by. I walked to McDonald's and back. There are vending machines, ice and a laundry room!!!..plenty of parking! The showers were nice and roomy with a tub where I soaked in hot water for awhile..all in all, a great experience! I would come back again for sure! I saw plenty if people with dogs, o this place is dog friendly.. Plenty of ashtrays outside to smoke...This place wasn't my first choice, I wanted a days inn or something, but I don't regret it. Great experience!
Rating: 5
Text: I've stayed in hundreds of hotels. This is a very nice, clean, comfortable and modern hotel. Nice rooms with big comfortable beds. Great shower. Very, very pleased. Would recommend to anyone.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed at Budget Lodging while attending a dog show at Purina Farms. The location was a little further away than where we'd stayed last year, but it was still very convenient to the event. The motel room was very clean and well maintained. There was good areas to walk our dogs. Popcorn was available in the evenings. Breakfast was average. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely return.
Rating: 3
Text: The pictures and descriptions of the hotel that I found online make it look less nice than it is. My family stayed in the cabin behind the main building and it was very spacious and nice. Some of the living room area furniture was in need of some repair, it looked like the chairs had matched the couch but had the outer upholstery removed, kind of sketchy. I called to ask about rates here on two different days and spoke with two different staff who were both rude, and ultimately ended up staying somewhere further away from the event I was attending and paying more for better service.
Rating: 1
Text: I had the worst experience with this hotel. I got married in September near this hotel so we really had no choice in our hotels. Granted I will give one star because their honeymoon suite was very nice and gave us plenty of room to get ready. However, from the very beginning of dealing with the hotel to the very end was a nightmare. No one on the staff is on the same place. When I first call to block rooms off they told me they would only do 20 even though I told them we have a lot of family members needing a room, so I said ok, but please call me if they start to fill up so I can block off more rooms. I called a couple months later to ask a question and was informed that I was about to loose the cottage because I didn't put a deposit down. I was never informed of even needing to put a deposit down so glad I called before I lost it. Closer to the wedding I get a call from my now mother n law telling me that her and her husband couldn't get the group rate discount because he needed a handicap room and they didn't have one of those block off. Should of still given him that discount. Its not his fault he needed a special room. Closer to the wedding I had to called again because I hear there was dog show in that weekend and they were full on rooms. I called because they were supposed to call me   if they were filling up. Never received that phone call. They said because guests were not booking the rooms I block they didn't feel a need to. Course they were not calling because they did not receive their invitations yet with the info! They offered me the conference room for guests. Why in the world would I make them all sleep in one big room? I had to call another hotel to block rooms off for them. Not fair to those guests that wanted to spend time with us and not to mention all the invitations with the wrong hotel information. Lastly, the week before the wedding I called and gave them a list of all the groomsmen/bridesmaids and their guests bc they were all staying in the cottage and wanted them all to pay the same amount for the whole weekend. They were charging everyone different then to come out while on my honeymoon they try to say we still owe over $200 which would been well over the total due for the hotel . Even while being there I had to explain several times to the front desk what they should be charging. The whole experience was huge mess and they even threw a way a couple very special items from past love ones. I will never return to this hotel.
