Budget Inn Motel
Rating: 1
Text: My worst hotel experience ever and I never write reviews but this place was awful! There were no light bulbs in two out of the three light fixtures in the room and when we called to ask the front desk they asked if we would come and get the bulbs !!! Only a half a roll of toilet paper for four people(we ran out) the room had a terrible stench  and is in desperate need of maintenance and the guy who came with the light bulbs told us he speaks no English when we tried to express our concerns !!!! The towels looked dirty and no coffee or ice machine !!!! Do not go here !!! Take the time to find a better hotel it will be worth it! Stayed June 15th 2017
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms are very spacious and comfortable with a refrigerator and microwave. A big bathroom prep station with a hair blower and a large counter top. The beds have brand new comfort top mattresses that enable you to sleep like being home. It's very quiet and right off the highway. There is a good restaurant, gas station, and grocery store all within a mile from the hotel. The staff was very polite and accommodating to all our request. They even went above and beyond helping us fix our car by giving us a ride to the parts store. The prices and value to stay at this hotel can't be beat, the staff are awesome, and the convenience can't be beat. You can only win staying here. And no there are no bugs to be seen in the rooms. If your looking for a spacious room that's very reasonably priced and a great location, stay here.
Rating: 5
Text: This place was amazing. The owners r sweet, it has comfey beds & cold ac, with flat screen, microwave & fridge. Not to mention a 1pm checkout. The area is beautiful. If u come here u need to have a meal at Barn & Grill Restaurant. Home cooking done right! Love my stay.....
Rating: 4
Text: Good basic motel for a very reasonable price. Clean rooms, helpful staff, good cable selection, free WiFi, comfortable beds. Will definitely stay here again!
Rating: 5
Text: Clean room and it was cheap! I have now stayed here twice. It is not fancy but everything works great. The wifi is good, there is a dollar general right down the road as well as many dining establishments. I had a nice quiet stay last time and this time so far so good. If you are looking for cheap lodging that is decent, this is it. The lady at the front desk is very pleasant. I had a reservation and they had everything all ready to go when I arrived, they were on the ball.
