Buffalo Goodnite Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Good price for what you get.   Clean room.   Only drawback was T.V. did not have a clear screen (static lines).
Rating: 1
Text: The room had COCKROACHES!! Me and my to kids arrived at are room and the wifi and the cable didn't work. I called the front desk to ask for help with are problem she said there would be someone there to look. No one ever came. This is when my daughter noticed a cockroach by the fridge. We all voted to leave so I went to the front desk to ask for a full refund explaining about the wifi and cable. But the lady didn't want to refund. The lady kept saying the internet worked fine. I had already threw the keys on her desk and kept saying I have my kids we are going somewhere else. She gave me half of my money back and we left. I wouldn't suggest going here
Rating: 1
Text: Bed Bugs!!! I have videos where I'm showing the owners the bugs!!  I was in Room 22. Please don't stay here!!! I went to the E.R. and he said I have bites. The doctor prescribed me and my husband steriods and anti-itch cream. I threw all my clothes away so I wouldn't take the bugs to my home. This has cost us thousands of dollars. We travel for my husband's job so our whole wardrobe is gone, not to mention doctor bills and medicine!!! They should get NO stars but I had to give them one to post this!!!
Rating: 1
Text: Nasty place. The guy who ran it kicked us out for having a guest visit and wouldnt refund the 2 nights we had paid for.
Rating: 2
Text: The staff where pleasant, and the room was nice UNTIL we noticed that the beds are hard, one of the towels was torn, and all the plugs where all 2 prong instead of 3 prong, so my wife couldn't plug in her laptop. Also, the shower head looks like something left over from the early 90's. Definitely worth $17 less than we paid ($47 per night with tax). Would not recommend unless you're on a budget, like us. Would also recommend management update outlets, beds, and showers. Also, the suite says pet friendly, and the front door says NO PETS ALLOWED.
