Burge Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: good hotel for tornado chasers to stay. it's near where nebraska is eating colorado
Rating: 1
Text: If you like old run down places to stay, then this the place for you. That plus an old B###h that berates you from the get-go and always has her hand out for more money. Some say this is an old 
historic hotel but it is really just old without much history. You would be far better off staying
 at one of the other two hotels in town. My wife and I swore "Never Again".
Rating: 1
Text: No room service, ran out of tp and wasnt able to get more because of no front desk person, bed were the most uncomfortable ive ever layed on they were so hard i almost slept in my car instead,  Not recomended
Rating: 3
Text: People don't know what to expect when they see this hotel from the outside.  One guess is old and dilapidated.  Another is historic, hence expensive.  Many turn away without finding out.  My first impression was somewhere in between.

The hotel is certainly old, and it has had a lot of restorative and upgrade work done, and is still in the process of being updated.  My room was understandably small (old design practices) but comfortable and clean, and in many ways "cute."  Modern people may scoff because it doesn't look like the stereotypical modern hotel room, which is due to this being an ongoing labor of love by the owners.

The rate was inexpensive, and likely significantly less than the new hotels in town.  But mainly, the beds were comfortable and the air conditioner worked very well.  They fit two queen beds into the room and still had decent space in between.  The hot water took a minute to run through the pipes to my room, but once there it was plenty hot enough.  And yes, the room and bathroom (shower, no bath) are small, but good enough.    And if you have any experience with house repair like I do, you can really appreciate the work that has been done to make it as nice as it is.

The Burge Hotel is very interesting, too.  Along with the old rotary-dial payphone and classic 7-Up machine in the lobby, they have some photos that show some stages of its history.  If I correctly remember the information given me by one of the owners, it was apparently originally built in 1887 by the railroad for its employees to stay at, and was referred to as The Sawyer House.  Around 1900 it was bought by a gentleman with the last name Sears, and was turned into a true hotel, called The Sears Hotel, and was expanded to have a few more rooms.  Around 1920 it was bought again and renamed the Burge Hotel, and expanded again.  One final expansion in 1940 brings it to the hotel you see today.

Frankly, I think I would have missed-out if I had stayed at the "modern" hotel instead.

Rating: 5
Text: Es muy agradable 
