Burlington Inn
Rating: 4
Text: It's a bit rundown from the outside, and nothing fancy inside. It's located right off of I-70 and a half to a third of the price of nearby hotels. It is within walking distance of popular fast food joints, including a small restaurant inside the main office. Free breakfast and wifi are included. We only needed a bed for the night during our travels and this was an inexpensive option. The room was clean and offered HBO.
Rating: 5
Text: My family stopped in here to use their common area. The man behind the counter was extremely nice and gracious too us. Highly recommend, thank you.
Rating: 3
Text: The first room they gave us the lights, by the beds, didn't work.  They switched us to the room next door and all was good.  Clean rooms and nice beds but you don't have many amenities. No hair dryer, no iron or ironing board. They did however provide the sample shampoo and soap. Breakfast is cereal, fruit, waffle maker and muffins. No yogurt or eggs.
Rating: 5
Text: Driving across the U.S from California.
I've stayed in Vegas, California and Cruise line hotels/ motels and never have I received such great customer service matched with an affordable price and cleanliness.
Upon walking into the medium sized chilled room layed a giant, thick and soft Eastern king bed. It was the most comfortable bed I've slept in at a hotel/motel. The sheets were clean and super soft. 
Love's gas station and McDonald's among others neighboring. 
-Pleasant and friendly wake up call. 
-Shower/bath, no blow dryer.
-T.v./fridge/microwave/clothes hanging area/cooling and heating element. 
-Free fruit/waffles/muffins for breakfast. 
*Will definitely recommend!*
Rating: 3
Text: Broken English speaking service, scary looking from the outside and no protein options for breakfast. The room was clean and looked recently updated with hard floors.Water was hot. Funny thing we set off the smoke alarm when we turned on the heat but it must have been the first time since before summer that it was turned on. But the price was under $70 so you get what you pay for.
