Burr Oak Lodge & Conference Center
Rating: 2
Text: Welcome brochure:  "Our entire staff is dedicated to one purpose, and that is making your stay as relaxing and refreshing as possible. We want to exceed, not just meet, your expectations."

Reality: Maintenance was banging around in the storage room next to our room, at midnight. It stopped after 15 minutes so I didn't complain, but when it occurred again on the second night I called the front desk. I asked that she have them stop moving furniture into the storage room, since it was 1220 in the morning and I needed to get some rest. Her response was "I'll mention it to them." No apology was offered, and certainly no meeting or exceeding expectations philosophy was in evidence! It went on for another 15 minutes, and I was about to go out and have the front desk wake up THEIR manager, but it stopped. I don't recommend this establishment, but if you DO go, stay away from room 219!
Rating: 4
Text: A beautiful setting for a quick getaway. The lodge is right on the lake and the view is awesome. The restaurant has very competently-made smoked pork and beef brisket. Coupled with the view it makes for a nice meal. The suite we had was clean and comfortable and plenty roomy for parents and a few kids. Dinged one star for the service being a tad slow at times, but it isn't a huge worry. 
Rating: 5
Text: We loooove Burr Oak Lodge! We take our grandsons there right before school starts, during Christmas break and spring break.  They love it and won't even consider going any where else.  There is swimming...indoors and at the beach), hiking, a fireplace in the huge inviting lobby and loft areas where they also have games and books, etc.  The dining room is beautiful and the food delicious.  You will not be disappointed!
Rating: 5
Text: Had a wonderful time at the Lodge even if it was because we were evacuated due to Irma. The staff at the front desk were polite and really went out of their way to accommodate us, especially Beth and Brandy. The Cardinal Room was wonderful. The waitresses were great and the food, scrumptious! I can't wait to go back for Christmas with my family now!
Rating: 4
Text: This location frequently for school functions in the local area. I really enjoyed the food and the drinks were great! The view is absolutely amazing, the ability to look at the lake is the icing on the cake. The service is pretty great as well. The only issue is the price but your paying for what your getting.
