C & H Motel El Dorado Springs
Rating: 1
Text: The only thing this place is good for...
Is not to get hooked up with a room here but if you need a hook up on DRUGS!!! If your into that. Which by the looks of this place, they hook up ever kid in town... Heave the reviews, they are spot on.. I knew something was wrong here when this owner son's friend came up to me to bum a cigarette and said he was 21 and he was waiting on his 16-year-old girlfriend to get out the football game. 
Rating: 1
Text: I typically try to avoid writing negative reviews, so it takes quite the experience for me to hit this point. We come to El Dorado annually for business. We prefer to stay locally, and this is a good central location. We have stayed here in the past, and never really looked forward to it, but the price is low enough to justify a couple of days. We booked a room for one night, and arrived fairly late, with three kids under 7. We walked into the room to discover no A/C (it is late July, in MO...) and the fridge wasn't working very well. So, after receiving a rude comment about it being so late, from a woman in the office, the nice/apologetic manager named Tyler, came and gave us a room key to another room. We moved our kids into the new room, and got settled in. Within 15 minutes, we discovered separate cock roaches crawling on the wall nearest to the beds, the microwave and the TV. We immediately got our stuff and left... at 4:00am. I understand that the price is low here, even the A/C wasn't a huge issue, but the lowest expectation of bug maintenance should be handled in a place where families are coming to stay while away from their homes. Disappointed would be an understatement.

Update: We waited until morning to return to the office, to avoid inconveniencing the aforementioned woman above. After speaking with Tyler this morning, we obviously went in to request a refund due to being forced to re-locate our children for the third time, to a hotel in Nevada, 20 minutes away. We also asked that C&H eat at last some of the cost of the hotel we were forced to re-locate to. Prior to even making this request, the woman from the office began speaking over us, and displaying the most unprofessional behavior I have ever encountered. She was pacing back and forth from the office, and then proceeding to scream at Tyler from the back room. Tyler maintained his professionalism, even while being screamed at. Although we did not come to an agreement, I stand by Tyler's professionalism, but highly suggest that people avoid this motel unless they want to be screamed, cussed, and talked down to by said woman. This woman went as far as saying "so, what? That's life" about us having to move our kids multiple times at 3-4:00am. I believe management will reply that they told us the room was "under mainentence" which is true, but we did not check-in expecting to have a room under maintenance, so that holds no relevance. This was also the excuse for the cockroaches, but anyone will the slightly common sense would know that a bug infestation does not stay contained to one room. They may also say that we came in with unrealistic expectations and maybe even contributed to the heated conversation between the woman and ourselves. However, being business owners ourselves, who work directly/in-person with hundreds of customers per day, we know that customer service trumps all. Customers are the reason for business, and we were treated terribly from the second that uncontrollable woman walked into the office.
Rating: 1
Text: I spent 40 to 50$ doing my laundry at the public laundry facility, they closed at 10 pm and i was sitting on the bench waiting for my ride when the management came out and was completely rude to me and said i was loitering. I told her my ride was on its way and she ended up throwing my freshly washed clothes all over the parking lot and all over the freshly cut grass. She called the cops too. My ride came within 10 min. and i left. It was completely horrible.
Rating: 4
Text: very nice clean space and comfortable, the people have great hospitality and accommodate you when you need something. they have free wifi and cable so i cant really ask for much more than what they provide. if ever in the area again i know where to stay and definitely for the cheapest price within the two towns surrounding.
Rating: 2
Text: Not bad for Eldo and the  price is  decent
