Cambria hotel & suites Noblesville Indianapolis
Rating: 5
Text: So, I found myself back in the Indy area. Based on my past experience at the Cambria, I decided to stay there again! I am so glad I did! This may be the most perfect hotel choice in the area. It's in a great location with tons of restaurants and shopping all around...yet, it sits back away from it all so that you aren't surrounded by traffic and noise.

The rooms are almost spa-like. One of the most serene hotel rooms I have ever stayed in.

The front desk staff is exceptionally personable and helpful. I had forgotten my phone charger and they loaned me one for a few hours. It seems like I was being impressed at every turn...this place is remarkable!
Rating: 5
Text: I had a really great stay here at Cambria. I stayed one night. The room was very big, a comfortable king bed, the bathroom was good, big glass shower with no tub. I'm glad I had a car, I think you definitely need a car in Indianapolis, the hotel isn't too close to downtown Indianapolis. There's a mall right next door in case you need anything there, we caught a movie at the theater three minutes away. Overall, great stay, I'd totally stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful hotel. Staff is friendly, efficient, & thoughtful. L (check in) gave a little 'gift' at check in when I mentioned this was a birthday weekend. 20 min later she brought up a surprise birthday dessert & nice birthday card.
Room was comfy, well equipped, super clean.
Restaurant dinner was great with friendly, attentive servive. Whole weekend was great.
Rating: 5
Text: The room is beautiful. It was clean. Organized. All staff are friendly. The food is wonderful. Easy to get to. There are other restaurants close by. Has a pool. The shower was modern and up to date.
Rating: 4
Text: Great place to stay after the concert at the Kliphs. Great friendly staff. Rooms are very nice 5 stars there. Nice property well keep. Food is good and good price to. Drink prices not bad for a hotel with a bar in it.
