Camelot Inn
Rating: 3
Text: The motel is undergoing remodeling in many areas. Our room was not yet remodeled so I can only comment on it. Our room was spacious and mostly clean. The heater gave off an odor that suggested it had not been cleaned in awhile. The room seemed like it was meant for two beds but had one king bed so the outlets were not close on one side of the bed. The mattress was so stiff it was very difficult to sleep in. Overall good experience though. The owners are new owners and very nice.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is basically a dump.  It appears as though someone started putting some real effort into refurbishing the place but someone else did a very poor job finishing it. The bathroom door on the inside had obviously been badly damaged and poorly painted over with the painted bleeding over onto the trim.  The room was clean enough but I was very nervous.  They leave the doors going outside wide open, anyone could come in off the street.  We slept with protection within arms reach.  From the front it doesn't look that bad but when you go around back to get to your room it is a junk yard.  Literally.  Mattresses and box springs strewn about.  Pillows resting on top of an old barrel.  Hope those aren't going to be used in a room!  Various junk items everywhere.  The "pool" is filled with dirt, it appears they started putting in a garden then left it.  It is now over grown with weeds.  The lounge was closed.  I will never stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: This quiet motel right off of I-70 is so Homey! The rooms are clean and decorated nicely. For the price you pay, it's a steal. The owners are wonderful and very sweet and helpful. I would recommend The Camelot Inn to anyone passing through Higginsville or surrounding areas that are in need of a good night's rest and some free coffee in the morning
Rating: 5
Text: I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the Camelot is. The customer service was amazing. The family that owns and runs the motel and restaurant was very sweet. I would definitely recommend the beef brisket. They are in the process of renovating the motel. I would absolutely stay here again
Rating: 4
Text: Nice people polite helpful, clean rooms and beds
