Camp Sack-In
Rating: 4
Text: Very quiet cute campground. Lots of trees all throughout campsites. We had a very hard time moving our 31ft pull behind around and finding a site to back into. By the time you would get half way backed into a site my truck was too close to a tree and the angles weren't right. But they were very helpful and friendly moving us around until we were comfortable and parked. Great swimming area. Very shaded. We will go back now we know what site we want!! 
Rating: 4
Text: Owners are great! Camping spot was close to the pond & was great.  The thing that botheredwas the people in golf carts.  I felt like I was at the 500 race. Some would go so fast that it stirred up the dust which didn't help trying to camp.  They had a jam session on Sat night & a band on Sun night.  We are non smokers and I couldn't believe all the smokers that were there especially with little kids running around.  We left early Sat night & stayed until the 50/50 draw on Sun night & then left.  Band had to take a half hour smoke break. 
Over all we had a good time just won't go to any entrainment if we come back.  Really sad that smokers don't have any respect for the non smokers. Really sad when you are outside & the smoke still bothers you!
Rating: 5
Text: First time here. Beautiful campground. Huge sites and all wooded. Hosts were wonderful. They interacted with everyone and made us feel welcome. Campers were friendly and considerate. Awesome fireworks show for the 4th of July weekend  that lasted almost an hour. Will definitely be back.
Rating: 1
Text: Was a OK camp ground till see how owner is. His staff is helpful. But as far as that will not be back there or any other one of his camp grounds and know the same goes for couple more people.... Hope owner gets treated the way he treats most of his workers.
Rating: 1
Text: Keep driving. The owner is friendly but the sites near the entrance are primitive at best. The bathrooms/out houses aren't usable. Thank goodness we were just passing through.
