Camp Hauberg
Rating: 5
Text: I recently stayed at this historic camp ground and had a wonderful experience. As I drove along the road, I was surprised to see my first wild beaver! We stayed in the lodge that is available to rent. It was beautiful, clean and comfy. I'm not sure when it was originally built but the walls and ceiling are covered with knotty pine. It has a real wood burning fireplace, a kitchenette, shower and it looks to sleep at least seven people. On Sunday the campground offers a delicious breakfast buffet. 
I hope to have our family reunion here next year. There's room for those of us who enjoy tents and spots for those who have campers. And those who could sleep in the lodge. The lodges living room is large enough for the kids to put their sleeping bags on the floor. 
As I was leaving and drove along the mighty Mississippi (literally 5' from) I imagined how many pioneers and native Americans traveled through these waters? 

Rating: 4
Text: Nice location on the Mississippi River. Green grass, easy access, only 30 amp power & no dump at our site. Quiet.
Rating: 1
Text: Right off the get go a random lady in a golf cart loudly and rudely told me the speed limit was 5mph. I understand...but why the attitude? I have no idea who she was or why she needed to be so hugely belligerent. 
The lady at the office was pleasant and apologized for the random woman's behavior. Apparently she often is reminded of her aggressive behavior being too much.
The primitive camping lots were nicely gro ok med except that many of the freshly cut down trees were sawed off at a diagonal and I thought that would be dangerous to children or campers strolling out at night to take a leak.
Another complaint in had was that in my 5 minute stroll from my tent to the shower building 3 different campers had approached me and asked me if they could help me. In most events this would be alright...but considering the campground was quite small and self explanatory...I felt that they were being obtrusive and judgemental in their tone of voice and attitude towards me. All three questioned me in the fact that I WAS a camper there...a paying customer...and all were very creepy and I couldn't help but feel unwelcomed and watched. Like I was a black man in a klu klux Klang bowling event.

The showers were a bit dirty. Urine had been causing the stalls to rust.
There was decent water pressure though.

There were signs throughout the camp that were obviously written by someone with poor grammer. And again I felt the tone of voice that had a belittling attitude...very odd.

I would not recommend this campground.
Rating: 5
Text: I have traveled 2 hours to come back to my favorite camp place. The river is right there for boating, fishing and many other things do. The management is very friendly and helped and very clean enjoy my stay every time I visit.
Rating: 1
Text: Mostly Trailer park trash , nothing but eyesores everywhere you look . Not worth my time
