Candlewood Suites Kalamazoo
Rating: 5
Text: Everything about this place is great! Kitchenette was great and was pre-stocked with free microwave popcorn. Super comfortable arm chair in our room. Ample parking and convenient location right off the highway. My only complaints are that the shower pressure wasn't very strong and there are no pizza places that deliver to the hotel (despite a placard in the room that says they do).
Rating: 5
Text: The beds were really comfy and service was good. The room we stayed in had a full size fridge, dishwasher, microwave, and mini stove. It really gives you a home like vibe.
Rating: 2
Text: The rooms are nice but the beds are only okay - definitely not the most comfortable hotel bed I've slept on. The water pressure in the shower is unacceptable, the spray barely trickles out of the hotel's "water saving" shower heads.  My shower time has been doubled due to the lack of water pressure and its easier to wash my hair under the running tub faucet. Having free laundry is very convenient but there are 2.5 washers (one is a stacked w/d) and 3.5 dryers (again stacked w/d) - doesn't make very much sense to me. Housekeepers are loud while cleaning the rooms - doors slamming and heavy stomping in overhead rooms. I travel across the U.S. A LOT, from NY to Miami to Michigan and all stops along the way.  I have stayed in hotels, motels, and inns - this is the FIRST property I have ever stayed in that doesn't have a window in the room that can open.  The option for fresh air is not available.  I travel with a cat who lives to sit in an open window, the fact these windows don't open AT ALL is very inconvenient.  Also, I just paid $1.25 for a can of Coke in the hotel market - horrendous markup, and I've stayed in NY. This property is acceptable for a quick stay but I am not impressed with the long term.
Rating: 5
Text: Not only was the room beautiful, but it was so much more than my boyfriend and I expected! The service was so nice, comfortable with their guest and extremely funny! The breakfast area was small but very nice quality! Pet friendly, and very clean. 
Rating: 3
Text: Clean and up to date. Friendly and helpful staff. Kitchenette room spacious. No pool or breakfast thou, cost is a little high given that.
