Candlewood Suites Kansas City Speedway
Rating: 1
Text: Not impressed. There were unfortunate issues when we went to check in, but were resolved. Just not a good situation to have to deal with after spending 6 hrs. on the road. The Carpet in our room was dirty and felt slimy. Rain came through window leaving carpeting wet. Bathroom showed some cleaning, but floor boards behind door were dirty and looked like it had not been cleaned in awhile. One ‘decorative’ pillow on bed was totally opened on one end with shredded foam coming out of it. Front desk personnel for the most part were considerate. The place needs some new carpets or at least clean them.
Rating: 5
Text: I spent 3 months here a couple of years ago. Great people, wonderful accommodations. The location is good, in North KC and the personal atmosphere is warm. A year later I bought something on ebay and inadvertently sent it to a default address,... the Candlewood from the previous year. The staff held it for me. Really good people and I'd highly recommend it. I've traveled a lot and this is top of the list for extended stays.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff here is amazing.  We arrived extremely late on a Friday night in bad weather.   There was a mix up in my pre-order of a rollaway bed.   Instead of just leaving us to figure it out on our own they switched us to a room that would accommodate us comfortably.  Since this was a multi-generation family vacation I truly appreciated the time and effort they took to make us comfortable for the weekend.
Rating: 4
Text: George at the front desk was very friendly, helpful, and expedient in getting us checked in/out. The room was exactly what you expect if you've stayed in a Candlewood - clean, but not fancy. We were in a one bedroom queen suite, and the bed seemed more like a full than a queen, but was comfortable and we got a good rest. However, we were awakened in the morning by housekeeping knocking on our door, well before check out time, because they wanted to clean our room.
Rating: 5
Text: Candlewood was a nice cozy hotel. The room was clean and well kept. It was a point four mile walk to the legends and if you didnt want to walk that far there was a bar right by the hotel.
