Candlewood Suites Aurora-Naperville
Rating: 4
Text: I enjoyed my stay here! Very friendly staff and warm, inviting environment. Spacious room was perfect for traveling with a baby. Lost one star because of outdated electronics and features.
Rating: 5
Text: I loved it! My stay was well worth it. Two thumbs up. Candlewood is a comfortable place. Then to top it all off, it was in such a convenient location.
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms were nice, but they only clean the rooms if you are staying one week which is very inconvenient! The customer service behind the desk wasn’t very good. The lady that checked us in was very snotty but the lady that checked us out was alright. The lady checking us out was nice but didn’t understand I had already paid for two rooms and tried charging me twice. We had a few people staying a day extra and I was told they could get a receipt when they check out but when they went to check out the lady wouldn’t give them one and told them they had my email and would send it over. I checked my email two hours later and hadn’t received anything. I called them and they said they didn’t have my email. The desk is very unorganized and the employees don’t seem to know what they are doing, but one lady was nice atleast. Isn’t a terrible hotel but they could use some improvement on customer service (cleaning rooms and at the desk).
Rating: 4
Text: Front desk people were actually helpful. Bed was comfy and the heater wasn't loud at all and kept the room at a comfortable temperature. These little suites are well stocked with a full-size fridge, dishwasher, 2-burner stove, microwave, flat screen TV, and DVD player. There are enough plates and such for 2 people to eat at the same time. Water volume and pressure in the shower was a bit off, but still adequate. I would highly recommend this hotel if you're going to be staying for more than 1-2 nights. There is no included breakfast, but most of the items sold in the little store area are $1-3 (a hot pocket is $2, for example)...similar to truck stop prices and pretty decent selection.
Rating: 1
Text: Studio "Suite" was a disaster.  Single Queen bed was so close to wall only one person could enter the bed without moving it.  "Green" heating system blew cold air half the time.  Alarm clock did not work or even the radio function.  Housekeeping was terrible;. Heavy dirt on top of refrigerator, someone else's trash in bathroom waste basket.  Bed was not comfortable at all.  All in all, one of the worst hotel stays I have had in years.  I am done with IHG Hotels.
