Candlewood Suites South Bend Airport
Rating: 3
Text: The employees are helpful and friendly. Rooms are supplied with 2 of each dinnerware a microwave and a stovetop along with a full size fridge, which works well for long stays. The rooms are clean, but the room I stayed in showed wear on the recliner and the bed appeared to be broken on one side, which makes sleeping slightly uncomfortable. Half of the power outlets in the room did not work and the AC/heater is plugged into an extension cord run along the wall from one of the other outlets across the room. Overall, I understand the recliner and possibly the bed, but power outlets without power and running a large appliance from an extension cord tells me that management doesn't really care enough to fix the outstanding issues or doesn't want to spend money on their investment. I'd stay elsewhere unless you need a cheap place to stay for a long period of time.
Rating: 2
Text: I have stayed at  Candlewood Suites in another town before and was impressed with the overall cleanliness and service. This particular location had problems from the get go though. Our room smelled of cigar smoke, just aweful. Then it took us a few trips up and down the the elevator to finally get a odor free room. We went out for dinner and came back ready for a night of relaxing to some TV before bed, NOT happening, remote did not work!!  Another trip to front desk and was given another remote and instructions on programming it to work with our TV and spent the next 30 minutes doing that. Called it a night and got up early for flight only to be greeted by an inoperable coffee machine, one last and final trip to front desk and after some reloading and adjustments , that instant coffee was ready. Not impressed and will not be coming back.
Rating: 4
Text: Great room, clean and comfortable. Friendly staff. I'll stay here again. Definitely great if you're traveling for business. Kitchens stocked with most dishes and utensils. Helps out if you're on a budget.
Rating: 4
Text: Had an issue with the hair dryer, hotel was not terribly helpful but did find a way to accommodate us. Room was not as clean as I would have liked. But the staff was friendly and check in was efficient.
Rating: 3
Text: I've stayed at a number of Candlewood Suites and this location is not one of my favorites.  Apparently it is very popular,  but not as well kept as other CS properties.  That said, I'd like to compliment Jon at the front desk. We had trouble with our room and he truly bent over backwards to help us out.  That was the sort of service that I expect at an Intercontinental and not a CS.  Jon, five stars! 
