Candlewood Suites Cape Girardeau
Rating: 5
Text: Our room was clean and prefect accommodations for what we needed. Small stove and counter space was perfect also. The lady at the desk was friendly and answered all of out questions.
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed here once before but never again. Rooms was in desperate need of upgrading. Chair cover was worn down to the foam on the arm rests and back. Bed was old as it was sunken on one side. Hallways are musty and carpeting needs cleaning. If you're planning on staying for more than one night then your room is only cleaned once per week. Want a cheap place then this is the place for you. If you want a nice place stay at the Drury. As an IHG member this was the worst.
Rating: 2
Text: I have stayed in several candlewood suites and this was by far the most horrible experience. The room was miserably hot when we arrived, 72° but we figured it would cool off soon. We arrived late at night and we're extremely tired. The room NEVER cooled off and instead was 78° when we left. 
There were also no extra blankets/sheets for the pull out bed when they are usually kept in the closet. 
We did complain to the front desk but were told the thermostat is activated by motion detection. Therefore when you sleep, the room gets miserably hot. And when we asked for extra bedding, we received 2 sheets, no blankets. 
The night before we stayed at the candlewood on Fort Leonard Wood with absolutely no problems and in the same type of room.  However our room was $50 cheaper, newer, cleaner, and included an AMAZING breakfast! 
My family and I will never stay at this location again. 
I will say the manager offered us 5k points towards our IHG rewards (the equivalent of 1/2 a nights stay) after my husband spoke with her which is why I'm leaving 2 stars rather than 1. 
Needless to say we are very disappointed. This was not the experience we are used to at IHG hotels.
Rating: 5
Text: I love Candlewood! They make long term stay with my animals so much easier. 
Rating: 5
Text: We were bumped from our reservation at the last minute by FEMA, and I have to say that the response from the general manager Cindy Mogdlin was superb. She did everything in her power to make things right, and it all worked out beautifully in the end. We were able to enjoy the Candlewood's hospitality, despite FEMA issues, and we are very grateful. The property itself is very modern, clean, and thoughtful. The employees are well trained, polite, and helpful.
