Candlelight Manor Bed andBreakfast
Rating: 5
Text: What a beautiful house! The owner is very accommodating and friendly.  The neighborhood is quiet. I slept well all three nights. Breakfast was delightful with low carb options at my request.  If you are in Burlington,  this is the place to stay.
Rating: 4
Text: The house is beautiful and for sale but I have never stayed there so, I can't say how it is for a bed and breakfast.  It is across from a questionable park.
Rating: 1
Text: I traveled from Tennessee to Iowa to visit my brother since he had gotten a construction job at the fertilizer plant there. Upon my arrival, we called every motel and hotel in Burlington and they were all booked. Eventually, I came across the Candlelight Manor and decided to give her a call. I simply asked if there were any rooms available and she rudely told me there were. I shook it off and we arrived at the manor 20 minutes later. When she came to the front door, she looked at us with disgust and asked who the room was for. I told her it was for my boyfriend and I; however, she informed me since I was not yet 21, I wasn't legally responsible. If I am paying for a room to stay in, why should it matter if I was "legally responsible"? I am a responsible 20 year old and if she could've let go of that disgusting look on her face, maybe, just maybe she couldve tried to understand that. Furthermore, BEFORE she denied my boyfriend and I a room, we asked to see a room and she RUDELY stated "I don't do show and tells."  If you really want people to stay in your manor, maybe you should let them see the inside before you take their money. For all we could've known, it could've been infested with termites. I don't recommend this place to ANYONE. It completely ruined my impression of my first, and probably last stay in Iowa. 
Rating: 5
Text: My cousin and I stayed here in fall of 2011. The reservations were easy to make by calling. She took a check when we arrived. Since we had to leave very early in the morning, breakfast fixings were left out for us, along with fresh fruit and muffins. It was an elegant, wonderful house (the photos online don't do it justice) and the stay couldn't have been better. I will be booking again in the future!
