Capital Plaza Hotel
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was nicer than we expected. The lobby was stylishly decorated and modern. The free breakfast was great, much better than the standard "Continental" breakfast you get at other places.

We didn't like the spring mattresses. The bed was too bouncy and was only a full size. After a while I ended up moving to the other full size bed, because every time my wife moved it would wake me up.
Rating: 3
Text: Only hotel in downtown Frankfort.  The bar inside is very cozy with excellent outgoing type of service. Drinks are poured well. The food is tasty and reasonably priced. The breakfast buffet is free for guests and is ample with eggs, hash browns, sausage gravy, pancakes, fruit, donuts etc.  The suite is very large. Need more non smoking rooms. Rooms are clean with some updating needed.  Parking is free with room.
Rating: 3
Text: Hotel was beautiful. City was quaint and cultured. Hotel was in perfect walking place to explore the little shops and restaurants. Pools kind of a joke but there is much more to do in the area. Hotel has a bar which is great. Had a communication issue with the staff is my biggest complaint.
Rating: 4
Text: I have to come to Frankfort now and then for work, the hotel is in a convenient location, has parking and good food. The rooms can use some updates, however, they are big and comfortable. 
I have visited the pool as well, is not for doing laps but good for relaxing after a long day. 
Breakfast is good, and the service is friendly, people really care about you.

Overall is a good place. If you are looking for a very fancy place. This might not be your first choice, but has a nice restaurant with a good variety.
Rating: 4
Text: We enjoyed our two night stay. Hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. Rob and Brandi...cafe/lounge staff....were very helpful and contrubuted to making our stay enjoyable. Rooms are clean...beds comfortable. Loved the wall fountain in the lobby. One drawback.....breakfast left something to be desired. Good quality food...just very little variety/options.  Will plan to visit again.
