Caplinger Woods
Rating: 1
Text: Unorganized. They didn't have our reservation after we paid a month ago. Thankfully we had a receipt.
No restaurant. No ice cream shop. Playground had one swing attached to a small climbing structure but the playground had piles of horse manure. The pool was open one day out of the our three day stay. Our cabin was filthy with two foam mats, three air mattresses and these air mattresses couldn't fit in the bunk beds. The website states the cabins have a microwave. Our cabin did not. 
Members of our group were intimidated by a manager with two armed men which one of them looked not old enought to be armed legally in the state of Missouri. 
The only positive thing I have to say is that Brook and John were the only two nice employees there. 
I do not recommend this place and glad I will never go back.
Rating: 1
Text: Air mattresses because people stole the mattresses? That's your excuse? What a joke. If people steal them then charge the credit card for them and get some more. That's not an excuse to ruin the next people's stay. And management must just be a joke.
Rating: 1
Text: The owners are rude and nasty.  The facilities are not kept clean and most of the amenities they claim to have are either closed or not even there.  Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else!
Rating: 5
Text: The staff/owners of this location are some of the nicest people Ive met and they were very hospitable during pur entire stay. The grounds are beautiful and they are very well taken care of. There is a bathroom and showerhouse which is VERY important and it was cleaned very frequently and I dont have a single complaint! 5 out of 5 woudlld reccomend and we will be coming back soon!
Rating: 1
Text: This place had nothing that it advertised on the website.  I would give it zero stars if that were an option. No restaurant,  no game room, no ice cream shop, saw one horse if you wanted to go horseback riding alone I guess, the petting zoo was nothing more than a couple goats and a mini horse that looked unhealthy in a fence, the bathrooms were constantly out of toilet paper, the pool was green 3 of the 4 days we were there, the playground was a wood structure with a slide and one swing and horse manure all over, the cabin was nothing more than some wooden bunk beds built into the wall with two twin air mattresses and 2 very thin foam peices for the other 2 mattresses, there was no microwave and it was dirty. No broom to sweep the cabin out. Best thing about the cabin was the air conditioner.  The rest of the grounds were a muddy mess, no grass. We had to search for a picnic table and fire ring because they said they'd bring us one and didnt. The tubes were not commercial grade and 2 of the 5 we got deflated before we were 45 mins into our 6 hour trip down the river.  And those were the only tubes they had left according to the hired help. Once we got off the river there literally was no where to go but up a very steep bank through the woods to get to our ride. The owner is the rudest person I have ever met and literally lied to us multiple times to try and get us to be upset with other campers.  If you go here, go at your own risk because the new owner is unreasonable and a nasty human being.  My family will never step foot there again. Lord help you if you do.
