Carlton Lodge
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is wonderful. Staff is so friendly and willing to help with anything you need! Very accommodating!! I have zero complaints. The pool is so nice. The rooms are very reasonably priced, they even have a little snack shop with drinks, candy, and other snacks and everything!! The beds are comfortable, rooms are clean!!! I would give this place a 10 out of 5 stars!
Rating: 5
Text: If you want to plan a family gathering or party, this is the place to go!!!  They are so friendly and gracious.   I used their meeting room to host a 50th anniversary party and it was wonderful!!!  I was able to use their coolers and kitchen area to prep food and do some dishes.   Thank you so much for your assistance.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay! Clean rooms, nice pool area. Friendly staff. Fast internet. Stayed here about a month for work. Definitely will return if I'm in the area.
Rating: 1
Text: Sadly I write with some angst.  
We were warmly greeted, went to our room but after putting our (entry) card in the slot, the door wouldn’t open.  We’ve traveled our country but have never encountered a door that you need to lift the handle up in order to enter. 
Please do remember this oddity in case of a fire!!!!   

As darkness was upon us, I went to the large window to pull the drapes.  What passed for drapes i.e. (privacy from the parking lot)  were sheer drapes framed by denser drapes that didn’t close, therefor, if you prefer to rise early, this is the place for you.  Also, if it’s cold either turn up the heat that leaves you dry skinned and dry mouthed or bring warm  clothing as there isn’t an extra blanket to be found. 
This is my first take on Carleton Lodge, my second take is forthcoming - aka - tomorrow.

Oh my!  I went for a swim in the pool which seemed just fine.  The water was tepid but that was to be expected, and after a 25 min. aerobic workout, I was just fine.  Trouble the next day as I awoke with severe pain when I urinated.  Not sure if it was bacteria in the pool, but I had a UTI.  I noticed water didn't seem to be flowing into the pool.  Do they clean the pool in November??  Just say'ng, be careful.
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms were ok. When we arrived there was food & a half filled bottle of soda under the bed. There was also a blood stain on the blanket and when I told housekeeping, they were rude about it. The pool was dirty, but that is probably because it is half inside/half outside. The breakfast was great.
