Causeway Bay Lansing Hotel & Convention Center
Rating: 1
Text: Please do not host any events here. The staff is mediocre and rude. We had to ask the front desk for help and they were very reluctant. The venue was for our wedding and it is wasn't even cleaned beforehand. The tablecloths were dirty, stained from coffee and oil. We had 30+ tables with stained tablecloths. The floor was filled with crumbs and debris from another event. No one swept it. Instead I was handed a broom and the staff left. We attempted to hide stains with our table runners but alas it didn't work. I was stuck doing everything for my wedding when we were informed that their staff would be on hand. Please do not host anything here! After our wedding we stayed at the hotel suite for the night, next morning we hear a knock and before we could get up the house keeping lady already busted herself halfway through the door. Luckily I had the lock up. Check out was at noon she was there at 10:30! Uhh Hello, let us sleep! After making the manager aware of our horrible experience, they said they would refund us $200 out of the &2100 we paid for the venue. We checked out of the hotel September 4, we were just made aware today via email on September 14, that we owed a balance for our stay. Interesting. 10 days later they let us know we never paid for our suite. So they decide to take it from our refund which leaves us $32. Makes no sense, I don't understand how this place runs.
Rating: 3
Text: Despite the reviews I read this is a decent hotel. Not five star nor for star. However if you just want a clean room with some space it's an efficient place to stay. The continental breakfast was a plus. There was more than ample parking. Although that's likely because there were hardly any guest at this hotel. I saw the bar open Tuesday night Thursday night. On each night I didn't see more than two people inside. Drones don't have the best Decor in the world but are far from outdated. It was a better room than I expected for the cost. I will definitely stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel was very clean and quiet. All the decorations and decor were appropriate and classy. Only complaint was that the conference room was very cold. I didn't see any staff members or guests during my 8 hour stay there.
Rating: 5
Text: I was very happy with my stay. Very clean had no problems they were pet friendly and  handicap accessible.. I would definitely return!!
Rating: 5
Text: Very  clean  and  stuff  are  very curious. Room  is  sufficient for  two  very  large  people  or  even  family  with  two  children
Continental  breakfast  is adequate  for  all  day  of   or  at least  half  of day's  oof energy. 
Staff  will  go  out of  there  way  to accommodate  your  nneed. It start with  when 1st arrive till  you check  out.  I was  pleasantly  surprised  and  I will  of  course  stay there.  They  will  get  my  recommendation.
