Cedar Rapids Marriott
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great place to have large events.  I’ve never hosted one here myself, but I have been to many.  The staff keeps the place orderly even when there is a high volume of people around.  Areas are spacious enough so it doesn’t feel crowded.  We have only stayed in the rooms once in recent memory and they were nice and it gave us a chance to use the pool in the winter time.
Rating: 3
Text: This was a very nice Marriott years ago. It has become very dated and is in need for maintenance. A sign clearly was broken and repaired with a big crack going though it. Room service trays did it get picked up until next day. No towels in workout room in morning.  Couch in room had big rip. 

On a good note the bed was good and bathroom was clean.
Rating: 1
Text: Just arrived and already want to leave. Front desk staff was less than inviting or complimentary to the Marriott reputation. When they informed me my room was a two double bed room I asked, " What happened to my king bed? I called last week to make sure it would be a king." The response was "Sorry, we are pretty booked up." Again I let them know I had called ahead last week and was told it would be a king. It fell again on deaf ears. I am 6'3 1/2" 225lbs..not a double bed guy. And what Marriott doesn't have a mini fridge in it?? Not impressed, nor will I be staying here again.
Rating: 5
Text: As a co-owner of Absolute Music, I am happy to give a 5 star review to the Cedar Rapids Marriott. They do a fantastic job. We love DJing events here!
Rating: 3
Text: Nice place but a little dated. 
Very cool building that is large & open with a lot to look at. 
Main Lobby & public space is awesome!
They have TONS of meeting space for all your needs. 
Place does need a little updating though. 
Main entrance doors were broke & looked like they had been for a while. 
Rooms are in need of a brand update (coming soon) but they are very spacious & well-maintained. 
Overall, everything is very clean & presentable.
