Chalet On the Lake
Rating: 2
Text: Have had family reunions here for over a decade renting up to six chalets over a four-day weekend.  We were "very disappointed" this year (8/2017) upon arrival to find the lake's water level had consumed the beach, yet we were never informed by the office.  One of the main reasons we travel here (from IL & central MI) is to be able to walk to the beach.  Also "very disappointed" when one of our family members was charged $100 for checking out 30 minutes late ($50 for every 15 min passed check out time of 10am).  Every Hilton and Marriott will extend check out time for an hour ... why so unreasonable at Chalet on the Lake!  I should have asked for a three-hour credit since the renters (or maybe owners) kept us awake with loud talking and music until 2AM.  Time to find another location for next year's family reunion!

I must say that the ladies in the office have always been very nice over the phone and in person.
Rating: 4
Text: Better than it used to be. The private beach is shrinking. No more full wifi coverage. The front desk staff is unbearable. Although my family has been coming here for 32 years so it is a great spot for family. Two nice pools and good sunset views.
Rating: 3
Text: Was not real impressed with one of the chalets  #67 we rented. Many issues from broken picnic tables to AC not working good. Other chalet #68 was better. Bring your own toilet paper, paper towels and trash bags. The lake is gorgeous but not alot of beach area. I have been at nicer resorts for much less of an expense with much more accommodations. Check in and check out time is a joke. We paid for a day to wait to get in one chalet (different owners) when I was told there would be a 10 am check in. Poor management in many ways and very disappointed in resort.
Rating: 2
Text: We have been coming here for more than 20 years. The 4:30pm check in time (that they keep on pushing back) is ridiculous. You lose a day by the time you get there, wait to check in and then unpack. There is no more beach yet they still advertise it. The Wifi never works and they never seem to care that it's an issue. Finally they charge you $50 every 15 minutes if you check out late.

It's evident that this place revolves around the owners and management. Customer satisfaction is not at all a priority. I think there are a lot better places to go in the area for the money.
Rating: 5
Text: I have been going to Chalet On the Lake since I was a kid with my family. Now I take my family there. It's a great vacation spot. It's clean, 2 pools, and on the lake. Highly recommended.
