Charleston Capitol Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is being renovated to become a Wyndham grand. They are currently doing remodel work. The lobby had a leak in ceiling with buckets in floor, a turn off at first. The staff are super friendly and made me feel a little at ease. The elevator and hallways are clean. My room is also very clean. I believe I'm in a room that hasn't been remodeled yet because of the walls. But it smells great and feels clean. I would stay here again for sure and recommend to friends. Great price for a great nights stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice, clean, spacious rooms with 2 queen size beds (doubles were advertised). Friendly helpful staff. Since they were renovating, they offered and I accepted to see my room beforehand, and it was fine. They even allowed me to choose which side of the hotel I wanted to be on per the view outside! Very good service!
Rating: 2
Text: No breakfast offered as advertised due to kitchen renovation.No effort was made to reimburse or compensate for this shortcoming. The knobs on the heater / ac unit were falling off and when running released a strong moldy odor. Noticed a live bed bug stuck on its back on one of the tables. Would not recommend.
Rating: 1
Text: Prices were not the same as quoted online. A continental breakfast is included as well as ADVERTISED but was not told that they no longer serve breakfast at the moment due to reconstruction until AFTER my card was swiped for over 40.00 more than i was quoted.

The toilets were stopped up, the phone did not work so i had to call the front desk from my cell to tell them any of this and on top of everything the hotel room door would not even close properly.

Bright side... decent shower pressure. Next time ill take my chances at a Motel 6.
Rating: 4
Text: The Capital Hotel is really the best if both worlds: great location, very competitively priced. It doesn't offer breakfast, but the staff are not just welcoming, they are genuinely friendly. The rooms are straight-forward and clean, the beds are soft and warm. Oh, and a great little Thai place just opened across the parking lot. #Bonus
