Charleston Marriott Town Center
Rating: 1
Text: We made reservations weeks in advance. We were told when we arrived, after driving all day long, that an event held there would be loud until midnight. Little did we know that at 12:22 a.m. our hotel room would still be thumping from the music being played. And this was five floors down. Poor people on the floors closer to the madness! Had we known how horrible this would be we would have canceled and kept on driving. I think it is the height of audacity by management to think that this "event" is worthy of keeping hundreds of paying guest captive to this excruciating noise. I hope the cause was worthy, because guests, who had no knowledge prior and no participation in the event paid dearly. Yikes!
Rating: 3
Text: This property is in a very good location, had nice amenities, and an incredibly polite staff. The free parking for using mobile check is a great touch as well. They also have one of the best club sandwiches I've ever had, although it may have been the free wine in the concierge lounge (no liquor or beer available there, unfortunately). All that being said, the location is showing it's age. It's time for an update, but please keep the charm and staff.
Rating: 5
Text: We stay here often. The staff is so friendly. We especially enjoy seeing Brian in the concierge lounge. The staff for the restaurant are also do kind and helpful. They have even gone to find my daughter a cinnamon raisin bagel when there were none on the bar after hearing her ask me if they had them. They are in a good location for walking to a lot of local shops and restaurants too.
Rating: 3
Text: The reason I was given for a lack of hot grab and go sandwiches at the coffee bar was that, the buffet was going. Fun fact, the buffet runs all week. I won't get started on the evening service... 
The rooms are fine, some of the food is decent, and bless their hearts, I want to believe they are trying but it's hard to tell. 
Warning to staff, this event will likely be back in the future. You should probably try harder. 
Rating: 4
Text: Cleans rooms and excellent staff. Some parts of the hotel need work i.e. conference area men's room. They are under physical construction right now.
