Chateau Avalon
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here one night for our 9 year anniversary. Since it was a slow night they upgraded us to a bigger room for free. The man that checked me in was so helpful and nice!  The woman working the night shift was nice as well. We had such a great night and I love the jacuzzi tub in the room!  The room was clean and looked nice. The only thing I wish the room had was a refrigerator, I knew ahead of time that they didn’t have one so it’s not a huge deal.  We just had to bring in a cooler for our drinks. That’s my only negative. Other than that we had an amazing time and will be back!
Rating: 4
Text: The Chateau Avalon is definitely a unique place to stay, with it's themed rooms and location that is close to Legends attractions but somewhat secluded. We just stayed one night in the Mayan themed room. The spa tub was very nice and the bed was comfortable with nice linens. The in-room breakfast had several nice choices. In general, the lodgings could use some updating. Our room needed a coat of paint in the bathroom area and the themed lighting required an extension cord running across the floor. The tree branches suspended from the ceiling needed to be dusted. Staff at check in were not very friendly, but staff in the morning (different people) were much more pleasant. Outside, the landscaping needs to be cleaned up, and it's unfortunate that the fountain only runs at night.
Rating: 2
Text: The room we stayed in was TINY! There was barely enough room between the corner bed post and the window ledge to squeeze through. And I am not a large person, a large person could not have gotten through. I would recommend spending your money on a much better hotel room somewhere else. The coffee was pretty good for hotel coffee. What you get for the dollars you spend, Chateau Avalon is a very bad deal.
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely AMAZING and UNIQUE. This MAGNIFICENT Hotel has a PERSONALITY of its own. The STAFF is EXCEPTIONAL and each one of them DESERVE a RAISE, because their CUSTOMER SERVICE is REMARKABLE and OUTSTANDING. They make each Customer feel like they are VIP.
Rating: 5
Text: We had an amazing stay. If you are a guest looking at the cosmetics of the place with a microscope, you may be in the wrong place (judging on negative reviews). But if you want a fun romantic night away this is great. We came here for our wedding night and were impressed. Romance package was nice and strawberries were delicious. Breakfast was very good, nice and hot and fresh food. Didn't visit the bar this time as our time was consumed but definitely will next time. Hemingway room was awesome!
