Cherry Valley Lodge
Rating: 1
Text: We’re going into winter months and there are only sheets on the beds... No blankets in the rooms. I called and was told to come to front desk which is on the exact opposite side of the hotel. This is a big place. Was about to go to bed but oh well.
Rating: 2
Text: This place makes me so sad. It was once lovely and you can still see a lot of the structure put in place at its height. It has good bones, but is just not taken care of anymore. The furniture is falling apart. The whole hotel needs a deep cleaning and a skilled repair man (who can maybe figure out why the pipes scream whenever someone flushes a toilet). Still, the botanical garden is nice to sit in early in the morning, and despite it being close to the highway it is peaceful. It is also handy if you are having an event at Bryn Du Mansion. If? someone put some money and effort into this place it could be great. I didn't have time to try out the attached water park, but it looks exciting.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice resort, rooms were L shaped with double queen beds and spacious, the pool and work out room looked good also but I didn't have time to try either, the duck pond area was great place to hang with your friends.... Will definitely stay here again
Only con ...would be it could use some minor updates on the appearance
Rating: 1
Text: Bad experience. When we got there the room was very hot they didn't turn the AC on for us before we got there after a few hours in the room we were noticing a heavy animal urine smell they are pet friendly that's fine but they need to clean those rooms better we got another room. The key card locks bad I had to continue to go to the front desk to get my key to work. No ice machines were working I actually had to go to the store to buy bags of ice for my cooler. My daughter almost fell off the balcony because it was dry rot and falling apart. After walking around in the center of the resort beautiful scenery however lot of paint chipping off could not sit at the benches cuz they were not cleaned such a beautiful place but run down.
Rating: 5
Text: Very short but pleasant stay. Unfortunately I was plagued with a migraine and spent all my stay in bed. Many thanks to their employee, Wendy for getting me much needed crackers and sprite ???The room was very clean minus the pistachio shells scattered on floor and under bed and dark ring in the tub. Room is small but has everything you need. Layout is perfect for families traveling with 1 or two small children or teens. We look forward to coming back  with our family and getting to enjoy the beauty of the place and all the amenities it offers ? I would definitely recommend this lodge !!!
