Chestnut Charm Bed & Breakfast
Rating: 5
Text: Several days ago we stayed at Chestnut Charm Bed and was pleasantly surprised!  Our room was clean, beautifully decorated, and filled with history. The owner went out of her way to make us feel welcomed, asking questions about what additional things we might need at night, where to eat for dinner and what dietary restrictions we might have for breakfast. After a great night's sleep,we were treated to a delicious breakfast of eggs, bacon and baked apple topped with oatmeal and cinnamon. As we packed up the car, we accidentally locked the keys in the car. Barbara went into action, calling everyone she could and with time and determination was able to solve the issue and get us on our way. This was unexpected and memorable.
Thanks Barbara, we'll be back.
Rating: 4
Text: House with lots of old fashioned character. Comfy bed and clean bathroom. Breakfast was a great experience with locally sourced and grown food, very yummy. The hostess was very thoughtful and attentive.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a Girls Reunion weekend and stayed with Barbara. The accomadations were amazing. The hot tubs were a highlight. 
The quaiintness and privacy of the Carriage house really allowed us to make the most of the weekend. 
We looked forward to Barbaras breakfasts, and she was an amazing hostess..... I was so excited about her special treats she made .....
Very special memories made. Thanks for the hospitality
Rating: 2
Text: The place was romantic and the Jacuzzi was a nice touch, but it seems like they don't clean too often because on the bathroom towels there were 2 huge spiders and on the trashcan another spider as well, also the sheets of the bed had yellow stains, gross!! Also there was dust everywhere even the Jacuzzi was so dirty, if you are going to rent the rooms at least make sure they are clean and free of bugs!
Rating: 5
Text: EXCELLENT !!!

We went back to visit Chestnut Charm, for our third year...it just keeps getting better! We stayed in one of the Carriage House suites, the room was beautiful! The gourmet breakfast the next morning was delicious, with fresh ingredients and fresh home made muffins. Barbara is a welcoming hostess, it always feels like going "home" when we stay with her! We would recommend this highly!

The Carriage House is very secluded and private. All of the rooms at Chestnut Charm are very nicely decorated!
