Chicago Marriott Midway
Rating: 5
Text: This place is always great. Try the crispy chicken with avocado and jalapeno vinigerate. My son likes the white chicken chili soup. They sit you down in a booth. It is comfortable. They have pillows on the side my son loves it. He is special needs and we feel welcome there. Just a great restaurant for family dining. I highly recommend for those who live in the area.
Rating: 3
Text: It was ok. It was a nice hotel. Looked pretty on the inside and out. But that was about it. There wasn't a free picnic and the staff where there to just do there job. It was a regular night stay but I had better experiences at other hotel change. If in a pinch this hotel does fine.
Rating: 1
Text: I was assigned to room 103 and this room has ZERO sound insulation. This room is located the of hallway and by the side entrance/exit door. Whenever someone exits/ enters the building through the side door, my girlfriend and I could hear the door slamming sound TWICE. ( double door) We were too exhausted to report this at middle of the night and early in the morning. But definitely don't recommend anyone to stay at this room or even the hotel. The hotel seemed understaffed at the time and we never got a chance to share our worst experience with them.
Rating: 2
Text: When booking the package we were told the wifi, parking, and breakfast were included. They were not, and they were not cheap either. Felt like a rip-off. Other than that the rooms were very clean. Bathroom was very large, all around fairly peaceful. Room service was very polite and did a fantastic job. Staff in general was great. But not a fan of being screwed over for everything we were promised.
Rating: 4
Text: Went to a wedding there and it was lovely. The food was delicious. I had salmon and asparagus for dinner. I was concerned when ordering it, because you never know if it will come back dry or overcooked. This was perfectly cooked and the wait staff was excellent! Very much enjoyed myself. The only reason I didn't give it a 5 was because the 1st 2 toilet stalls were stuffed and icky.
