Chicago Marriott Naperville
Rating: 2
Text: We got a block at the Marriott for our guests when I got married. Up to the day of the event they did a great job communicating and helping us out. The rooms were all nice, modern, and comfortable. Unfortunately, overall execution suffered. Our main contact was nowhere to be seen, the manager working was unaware of plans we had set up. Of the shuttles we had planned for the reception, I believe only one arrived leaving many guests stranded. Worst of all were the bride and groom, the last ones left in the rain at the reception venue. Apparently they had just sent the drivers home. They also hadn't moved our bags to our new suite at we were told they would be, but the night manager was quick to help to get them moved. We received no real communication back from Marriott in response, I feel like this was not typical considering how great their service normally is.
Rating: 2
Text: I was a guest at the Marriott in Naperville for a week recently. Check in went well despite key code problems and the hotel has been recently remodeled and shows nicely. Sadly, my last impression was the morning of departure. I pulled back the bed sheets and noticed what either looked like chunky peanut butter or human feces on the fitted sheet. I assure you I don't eat peanut butter, especially in bed and it definitely wasn't anything to do with me in the other department either. I spent a week in that room. Who knows if my sheets were changed or not in that time period but even if they had changed them, did they change them with dirty sheets? I have thought about this every day since I left. It took an otherwise good/excellent experience down to a questionable poor/terrible experience. I addressed the issue through their online questionnaire only to receive a note that basically said "sounds like you had an otherwise good experience, it won't happen again. See you next time". Frankly. there is a lot of choice of hotels near this Marriott. All of them are centrally located with food closer. I do have three more trips to the same area and will not be back. I have Marriott rewards but who cares. I have been a dedicated Hilton Honors person and will opt for the Embassy Suites or other brand at this point. I hope I can convince the educational group I was staying with to rethink the Marriott and go with a different brand. One who might think that sleeping in other peoples sheets is horrid. Part of me wishes I had taken a photo or said something to the front desk. I was in a rush to leave and holding a photo on my phone of such a thing is not my idea of fun.
Rating: 5
Text: I've stayed here a few times on business. Nice hotel, with good customer service. They have a great bar/lounge space and some nice outdoor seating options when it's warm. The pool and workout facility are in good shape and clean. There are some great food options within walking distance and even more within a three mile radius.
Rating: 3
Text: Was nice but they don't give you a microwave you have to go to the level floor to use it. TV didn't work the second day we were there. Roomkeeping and people at front desk were nice though
Rating: 5
Text: Nice hotel that isn't far from food. About a 40 minute drive from O'Hare airport. Staff was attentive and polite. Room was in great condition.
