Chillicothe Inn
Rating: 1
Text: Please I beg of you, read this.

My family and I stayed here because we had just moved to town and were looking for a house. When we got here we called and asked if they allowed service dogs (even though technically you can't turn down a service dog) and they said yes, so we decided this would be the best choice cause it was cheap, only when we got here they said they didn't and that they would kick us out if they even thought the dog had been in the room so we just left her in the car with food and water with the windows cracked. The next morning we woke up to them calling saying they were gonna search the room cause they had been told that we had brought the dog in. When they got to our room they kicked us out of our room and searched the room, then we decided to move to a slightly bigger room to fit my family and paid for a different room. We had paid extra so that the dog could come in cause it was getting cold only for them to say we still couldn't bring her in. That next morning, my sister had clogged the toilet, they came in and plunged it after kicking us out again, a little later the day manager came by and asked us what we did to the toilet or what we put in it and we told him that my sister used to much toilet paper and clogged it and he gave us a look as if to say we were lying. The morning after that we left to go to the park cause they said we couldnt't be in the room when they cleaned it, we didn't want to fight so we just left. When we left they were only a few rooms away from ours, when we came back two hours later they still hadn't done the room so we decided to eat lunch and put my one year old brother down for a nap. Right after we put him down and he went to sleep tge show up and kick us out again, tye day manager shook my brothers play-pen to wake him up, it took all I had not to slap him. As we were outside we kept looking in to see what they were doing and we see the day manager searching the room. I mean he was lifting up the mattresses to see if we hid anything in between and everything. When they finally let us back in we say that a whole bunch of our things had been moved, our cokes had been poured out (mine onto the floor), my sisters PSvita had been moved and my purse was sitting wide open next to the bed, when we had walked out of the room I had it on the desk, closed. Lucky me I only had ¢24 in my wallet. So I guess you could say that our stay here sucked. I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.
Rating: 4
Text: Not luxurious certainly, but for needing a cheap clean room, it was quite nice especially for the price.
Rating: 2
Text: Good place to stay if you're a prostitute or heroin addict. 
Rating: 3
Text: Great value had all the basics like tv and a warm shower the breakfast was sub par but good
Rating: 1
Text: Its was dirty, and smelled bad
