Christopher Inn & Suites
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I had occasion to visit Chillicothe this past week and we stayed at the Christopher Inn. I thought that my photos and review might be of interest to those looking for a nice motel to stay at. I've submitted my photographs.  

I found the room to be comfy and clean. The beds are comfortable and well cared for. The room I stayed in had a desk with  plenty of available receptacles via a power strip mounted to the leg of the desk. The room contained a coffee pot, a microwave, and a TV. I believe there was an iron and an ironing board inside the closet as well. 

Breakfast was a little less enjoyable than I'd  have liked, but considering the cost of the room and what all was available for breakfast, I feel that it was fairly good. The entire experience was absolutely great!  Al Colombo
Rating: 1
Text: Worst customer service. We booked online. The amenities listed said non-smoking. Upon arrival, we were given a smoking room without notice. The host, Tanya, blamed the online reservation system. We showed her our email confirmed that did not say we booked a smoking room. The host proceeded to tell us that we should have known to call and ask whether our room was smoking or non. This option is not listed on the website. She could not and would not accommodate us. The pool that was featured was out of service. 
We traveled from out of town and had no where else to go because everywhere else was booked.
The bed was filled with someone's hair. 
The shower was filthy. 
We were beyond disgusted.
We were bated and switched.
Rating: 5
Text: Always clean. Friendly staff. Indoor pool with hot tub is great for year round.
Rating: 1
Text: Came in late last so we could get up and have breakfast and head out. Got there at 8:30. No gravy. No eggs. No sausage. Among many other things. The staff stood in the kitchen chatting it up while everyone sat out in the dining room waiting. When we brought it to the attention of the front desk, they were very rude and said...well it wasn't brought to our attention...placing the blame back on us? Last I knew it's not my job to do your job? We eventually had to go out and have breakfast elsewhere. $130.00. Thanks.
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms as nice as the branded chain hotels but better rates.  Personnel were welcoming and pleasant.   Indoor pool and hot tub. It was recommended to me by the front desk person at the more expensive chain hotel, if I am in the area again I will go directly to Christopher Inn. 
