Circle S Ranch & Country Inn
Rating: 1
Text: Staff was unhelpful and barn was hot. Lodge was hot. Plates were left out all day with food on them at lodge. Drinks were hot. Water never refilled. One person busting tables. And didnt busy much of them. Bar tender rude. No severs. Ran out of food. Small speaker at ceremony site. Walk down to ceremony was steep on lose grave path. Stairs for bride were STEEP AND NARROW. bench's at site had no backs on them. No water at ceremony site on hot day. No Accommodation's from staff for the elderly to ceremony site. Parking was very minimal. Staff invisible at wedding. Breakfast from wedding day was reheated and severed following morning. Stairs at lodge were steep, with three story lodge. 1/2 mile walk to ceremony site from lodge.  But thank god my sisters in laws wedding was still beautiful and had fun.
Rating: 1
Text: UNRELIABLE, UNDEPENDABLE! 
Booked this place well ahead of time for a couple of nights since I had a conference and presentation at University of Kansas. I was sent all the confirmations, approved the proposal on their event planner and a welcome letter too, by their DIRECTOR of events; Diane Little, only to find out, just the day before, that the room was no longer available. Knowing that I was travelling with my 8+ months pregnant wife, they still gave it away after everything was confirmed. And all they had to say was "sorry".
I have traveled to many countries for conferences etc, but have never come across such unreliable, undependable staff. Wouldn't tick off the "star" if this lets me post without giving it a star.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed at the Circle S Ranch for my brother's wedding. The rooms were beautiful and cozy. The staff was kind and helpful. I can't wait to come back!
Rating: 1
Text: Ruined my 34th anniversary weekend. I book a room 12 days ahead and was notified 2 days before I was to arrive that they had double booked the room and no other rooms were available. Good luck ensuring you have a room.
Rating: 4
Text: Loved our family reunion here with about 30 family members plus a lunch for 50 extended family. It was difficult getting phone calls/emails returned when making arrangements but everything worked out terrific except for the beds.  Missing sheets on some beds and one "bed" that was really a double sized window seat with barely a thin foam pad. Not a bed!!  
