Clarion Inn & Suites
Rating: 4
Text: My room was very clean and comfortable. I was looking to stay at a different hotel, but decided to stay here because it was only for one night and it was the cheapest in comparison to the other hotels I was considering.  The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because the workout room is very tight, and the only 2 treadmills that were in the room didn't work.  But again, for a cheap, clean and comfortable place to stay a tight exercise room really isn't a big deal. Unless you are anything like me and still like to get a quick workout in when staying at a hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: 10/08/2017......We were having A good family time in Evansville Indiana and then checked into the hotel around 4pm. It appeared unclean and had a funny chemical smell. The gentleman working the counter went out of his way to flirt with my wife, basically eye f****** her as well, very uncomfortable situation. Nothing is sacred anymore and this young man knew nothing about personal boundaries or respect  The walls are super thin and I could hear everything above and beside us. There were weird smudge marks on the head boards and bathroom. It appeared that the room had been given a quick half a** wipe down. Never again.
Rating: 4
Text: Staff are friendly and knowledgeable. Outdoor pool with a privacy fence. The hotel is bright and colorful. Many restraunts are within a few blocks. Breakfast was awesome and I will definitely stay here again when I am in town next. Only complaint is that there is guest laundry but the hotel doesn't sell detergent, so be sure to bring some with you.
Rating: 5
Text: We attended a Christian Assembly in Evansville, IN. Room was clean, good size. 2 TV, separate living room from bedroom. Shower separate from sink area. Free good breakfast.Staff was great.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel appears clean. My room was ready for very early check in which was nice. Standard TV service in the rooms. Decent continental breakfast. There is a pool though I didn't make use of it. My room was attractive but the public portions of the hotel were very garishly colored in a 1970s pallette.
