Clarion Hotel Highlander Conference Center
Rating: 5
Text: We had such a good experience a couple months ago at the Clarion Highlander conference center I came back with another band I tour manage and once again we had a great stay. Massive parking lot allowed up to park bus and trailer with ease. Fast and courteous staff adjusted room preferences per my clients smoking request; they were also impressed with the largest indoor pool they’ve ever seen in a hotel. Stay was quiet and peaceful; complimentary breakfast exceeded quality of other hotel chains. There is a amazing restaurant in there as well; also plenty of conference room and business resources as well if that’s your thing. This is my favorite spot to stay at in a great location when traveling through Iowa. Be sure to check out the Spam museum!
Rating: 5
Text: Very pleasant visit.  Short notice stop as we cross the country.  Reasonable rates.  Comfortable, clean and nicely furnished rooms.  Sufficient breakfast to get us back on the road with no need to delay our start.  Staff was extremely nice and helpful.
Rating: 5
Text: Right off of 80, this is a classic hotel that is well maintained. The staff was extremely friendly and advised recommendations for local food and attractions. Hotel features many different ballrooms and an Olympic sized indoor swimming pool and spa, cool hotel bar and great breakfast that rivals even home cooking. A lot of business rooms set up with fax machines and copiers. Also an impressive selection of fine teas. Highlander - there can be only one!
Rating: 1
Text: The hotel is reasonably decent, in terms of furnishings and cleanliness. HOWEVER, a couple of dozen rooms face a harshly and brightly lit indoor pool, giving you no view of the outside (that is, you have no idea whether it's day or night, sunny or raining, when you draw back your curtains). And you won't be drawing back your curtains at all, unless you want to share your private space with everyone who's at the pool. Further, the lights to the pool switch on at 6 am and turn off at 11 pm. 
They don't tell you that you've got such a room when you check in, nor ask you if you would be happy with such a room. 
I was tempted to ask to change rooms after the first night (Friday), but figured that I would just ride with it, since I was only staying one more night. I should have demanded a switch .... the pool hours 6am-11pm are 7 days/week. What that meant for me is that I was awakened at 6:15 am on SUNDAY MORNING by kids jumping around and yelling in the pool. And the hotel could do nothing about it, since they open the pool at 6am on Sunday. Needless to say, it was be most unpleasant and unrestful stay that I've ever had, anywhere. 
To top it off, when I checked out, the desk clerk didn't even bother to ask whether I had a good stay (something else that normally happens at every hotel I've ever stayed at). 
Won't be going back there, obviously.
If you do go, don't let them give you a room facing the pool, if you have any desire to sleep.
Rating: 5
Text: On behalf of our client Beth Bombara, we at Ignite Hospitality Services would like to give a huge shout out to our friends on the staff and management team here for being so friendly and accommodating while staying here! The room was awesome, and the free breakfast was a perfect way to wake up! Very convenient to the highway as well for an easy transition back on the road after a great night's sleep!
