Clarion Inn Dayton Airport
Rating: 4
Text: Much improved since 2 years ago.  Clean and neat.  Room was large and clean. Bath was clean.  Staff was quick and helpful.  No waiting like last time.  Overall, a good value for your money.  I recommend  it.
Rating: 2
Text: We rode a bicycle to this hotel in 90 degree heat, so were ready to relax upon arrival. 
1. Room had a guaranteed check in time of 3, but was not ready when we arrived at 4:05. (We were given 1 bottle of water to share during our wait.)
2. Room was ready at 5:15, but we were told a maintenance man had a small item to repair. He walked to room with us to work on the tub.
3. While repair was being completed, a desk clerk entered the room and began yelling at the repairman. When told we were in the room (the layout doesn't let you see the entire room from the door area), he came around the corner to say "I was just checking on him."
4. After the repair was completed, my husband jumped in the shower. After he finished, he realized there were no clean towels in the room (one used on the back of the bathroom door). I called for clean towels.  Eventually, he dried using his dirty shirt and the single washcloth in the room. 45 minutes later, towels arrived.
5. As we left for dinner, the desk clerk asked if we "ever got our towels". (To me this indicates she knew it was not a timely delivery!). When I told her it took 45 minutes and he had already showered before realizing there were none in the room, she told me - "we knocked, but he must have already been in the shower."  I was in the room the entire time and they only came to the door once.
The desk clerk told us we would get extra points for our wait, but we were charged the full point value for our stay and did not receive any others.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was very accommodating and all the staff were very nice. The rooms were clean the bed comfortable the pillows awesome. Humpty's the restaurant serves very good food.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice bar and pool area.  Comfortable bed and pillows.  Only complaint would be the comforter on the bed. Too slippery and cumbersome. Was told they are getting  new ones.  Great complimentary breakfast. 
Rating: 5
Text: I was stranded in OH for 4 days while storm Irma went over Florida.  The staff was very accommodating and helped us with a reduced rate based on our situation.  The rooms are clean, lots of pillows and welcoming.  Thank you all for your kindness
