Clarion Hotel Conference Center - South
Rating: 5
Text: Enjoyed our stay. Tyler and Angie were both wonderful and very helpful. The manager there took the time to make us feel appreciated. The restaurant in the hotel  had the best burger i think I've ever tasted. I would absolutely stay there again and hopefully next time I'll have a chance to go swimming in that beautiful pool as well.
Rating: 3
Text: We did not have the best experience here. 

Pros:  
Two pools (indoor heated and outdoor).
Close access to I-75.

Cons:
Free breakfast left a lot to be desired. Only one fresh fruit selection; hash browns looked like dry shredded paper; the apple juice and cranberry juice dispensers only had watery mild juice taste; no yogurt; two cold cereal options.
Front desk staff was not looking to be helpful when in the morning we came and asked why the indoor pool had a sign on the door saying "Pool Closed" although it was within the posted open hours (also shown on the door). Other staff that we ran into later was very helpful and actually opened it up for our kids.
No clean towels at poolside although there was a posted rack for them. 
Bathroom drains were mostly clogged so shower water backed up in the tub during shower.
No "do not disturb" signs available at the door so next morning housekeeping walked in on us.
Rating: 4
Text: A bit dated.  But wonderful staff, very accommodating.  Quiet location, minutes from UK health.  Love staying on ground/ courtyard floor, overlooking outdoor pool.  Love the outdoors patios and opportunity for fresh air.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is good. Rooms clean and up to date. Breakfast was pretty good with a few hot items including scrambled eggs and sausage. Bed was a little hard for me but not terrible. Very convenient location next to I 75.
Rating: 2
Text: Not busy, huge lack of service. Long wait before anyone ever came to take drink order. All the tables were dirty the whole time we were there.  Food was great but long wait to get to us. Had service been better it would be 5 stars!
