Clarion Hotel Conference Center - North
Rating: 5
Text: I loved my stay here, the amenities were great. The staff was very friendly. Room was clean with plenty of linen and pillows. We had a handicap room (which we did not ask for) so the bathroom was very spacious. The fun dome was awesome and I can't wait to bring my kids to check that out. The breakfast was super nice as well with more options than you could want. 

The cons - The hotel was slightly loud. I heard the room next to me showering at 2 AM which woke me up. The pool was cold (but it was 40 degrees outside). 

Overall I very much enjoyed my stay here. The price was amazing for the perks this hotel has to offer. Anytime I am in Lexington this will be the first place I look for lodging!
Rating: 5
Text: The staff at the front desk were very courteous.  I went to The Sports Page for dinner and it was great.  Tina is the bartender and she waited on us.  Never had an empty drink.  There is also a gentleman named Freddie that works there,  he wasn't our waiter but he was so nice to us also! Happy people! Thank you for a great honeymoon experience!
Rating: 5
Text: Second time back for a week again. Great breakfast daily. Reasonably priced. No big frills but good meeting rooms, even for big groups. Pool and entertainment arcaid areas for kids and young people. They are renovating and looks like it will be even better yet. Parking around the whole building, making it easier to be by your room. Numbering system is a little wierd. Recommend. Close to freeway.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff has been very helpful. The breakfast bar is incredible and way above average. The only negatives I can think of is that the rooms are a bit small and the bathrooms follow in being tiny. Also, they book rooms really far from the conference center, so the walk kind of stinks. The concession stand is convenient and not the most overpriced I've seen, but they are a bit over the top on outside food and drink...I mean a lot of people drive here from many states away...of course they'll have snacks and drinks in their bags the first day while waiting for their room to become available.
Rating: 3
Text: Front desk attendant was very prompt and friendly. They allow pets which I love. The rooms were nice and clean. The matters. was terrible.bathrooms were nice and updated. The light from the hallways shined through the bottom of the door so the room was very bright and made it difficult to fall asleep.the breakfast was GREAT!
