Clarion-Hometown
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel was adequate for my stay, the room was clean. I concerns with this property is it did not appear to be professionally operated. The room was clean upon arrival but there appeared to be some confusion as to the daily expectations, the room was never cleaned during my stay and I had to request fresh towels. Unlike the other hotels I have stayed at, the entry ways were open /unlocked the entire time I was here. The breakfast is almost non-existent. I did not know if I had a room until I actually arrived despite making early reservations. I did not know the rate until then as well.  I give this location the above rating  solely on the clean room and comfortable beds and the reasonable rate as well.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean and friendly owners/staff. The air conditioning didn't work in the first room we were placed in, but when brought up we were moved into a new room very quickly. Also they say no pets but my family is traveling due to my boyfriend working in a different town and we had to bring our dog and they allowed our dog to stay as long as she is kept on a leash so that was very appreciated! Would recommend to someone on a budget and not looking for anything really fancy or a big breakfast in the a.m. they work with what they got though that's for sure! 
Rating: 5
Text: Nice budget priced hotel. Nothing fancy and everything is a little dated compared to fancier hotels or a chain. But the room was clean, the front desk staff was friendly, and Wi-Fi was fast. Includes basic breakfast of English muffins, toast, cereal, bagels. Right on the main drag leading into town. Grocery store on one side, and on the other side is a kind of Kmart type sundries store.
Rating: 2
Text: Was in the area for the weekend, decided to choose this hotel since it was cheap. We ended up getting a smoking room because that's all they had left, they told us the smell wasn't too bad but man on man was it awful!! We felt like we inhaled 3 packs of cigarettes in just 1 night. My boyfriend almost went and slept in the car. It also had a musty/moldy smell to the room and the floors felt very damp. For the most part it was clean but when I took the blanket off the bed there was a huge stain on the sheets... The floors seem thin because we were woken up every couple of hours by people above us walking around. All and all we got a total of 3 hours of sleep. I also found it odd that the front desk people leave at 10:30pm and are gone all night. I would've called up to the desk to complain. The tv had very bad reception too it would cut in and out and since we couldn't get any sleep we couldn't watch tv either. On the positive side, the staff is very friendly! We plan on coming to the area more often but may have to spend a little more to stay at the boulder.
Rating: 1
Text: First bad review I've ever given. I booked my room on May 10th for June 9th and 10th. On June 5th a friend tried booking a room and asked management if I had a room. They said they didn't and "tried" to call me. I called Expedia and they said yes....you have a guaranteed room. I left Inn a message on the 5th and no one called me. Called again on the 6th and got a rude lady whom explained that they were already booked and Expedia shouldn't have allowed bookings. I asked why no one called. She said they tried but phone wasn't valid. I asked for number they had. I said it's the SAME number I'm calling you from. She said she was done talking to me and hung up. A business in my hometown acting like this is unacceptable.  It makes me feel ashamed. "Hometown" Inn. ...it is NOT!
