Classic Inn Motel
Rating: 5
Text: One of the nicest pieces of paradise this side of the Mississippi.  The price is right, the atmosphere quiet, the community friendly and laid back, plus great Chinese food across the street.  I love this place.
Rating: 5
Text: It was very reasonably priced for a double, clean and less rapey feeling than the others I stayed at. No bed bugs when I stayed but that was months ago I can't vouch for them now.
Rating: 2
Text: Clean decent rooms . About 30 minutes from the plants and Joliet
Rating: 1
Text:  Please don't stop here. We were desperate for a place to stay late one night with car troubles. We were greeted to a room with a dirty sock under the bed, urine scent soaked bathroom and just general filth. The best part was the next door neighbors that were pacing in their room until 5 am, preventing us from actually sleeping. Then we were awoken up by the charming sounds of a domestic dispute at 7. 

I would have rather slept in my broken down car than this motel.
Rating: 5
Text: Hidden gem. That says it all. My husband and I had 1 smoking room and my brother-in-law another non smoking . We paid the weekly rate. It was cheaper than splitting a room at the super 8 across the street would  have been. What they lacked for in vending  and  guest laundry they more than made up for in room space and great Wi-Fi.  The room was very clean and smelled nice upon entering. Both rooms sported a fridge but no microwave. That was the biggest inconvience for people of our kind who travel for a living.  There are 3 gas stations within walking distance, an arbys, mcdonalds, and a subway. Also they have a little Chinese and pizza place, with a mini gaming parlor between, right across the street. I never got to try the chinese but would recommend the pizza place for foods other than pizza.  The t.v. is a flat screen. I believe its a 38.  The channels are few and mostly news, but they do have Nick for the kids.  Area seems fairly quiet although from our room a faint banging can be heard quite often, it's so faint i haven't even been  bothered to mention it.  With the other reviews on here we almost didn't stop, but I'm glad we did. I'll mark this one down as a win.   
