Clayton Plaza Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: Working in Clayton it is great to have an option for lunch that won't break the bank. Plaza grill is one of those few places. Combine that with a fast friendly staff that gets to know you and treats you like a family. Well it is truly hard to go anywhere else.
Rating: 3
Text: I travel quite often and maybe it was just our room? but the quality and feel of the accommodations were incredibly subpar.  The entry, foyer, common areas are elevated to that of a 4 our 5 star hotel, however our room was more in the 2-3 star hotel caliber.  Our go to for travel is the Hyatt family of hotels, and this was no where in the ballpark as nice as even their more everyday travel offerings.  

Our beds where on wheels, massive amounts of dust on visible cords like they'd never been cleaned, the bathroom - though the marble was pretty-looked like it had seen better days, and generally felt unclean.  The furniture was worn, the halls were half wallpapered, literally.  It was dark and uninviting once out of the elevator and in the hallway of the guest floors.  

Alongside our bed were huge rub marks, like someone had walked up and down the side of the bed holding a box that rubbed up and down the wall and left grey marks.  Which is just gives an uncomfortable feeling.  

Overall, the staff were friendly and pleasant and the location is wonderful, but I would never pay as much as we did for this room and would recommend the Sheraton nearby even if it is a higher price point.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice place for a very good price. There's s free shuttle service to and from the airport and it will also take you to nearby locations. The restaurant was good and the complimentary breakfast buffet had a very good spread.
Rating: 5
Text: The employees were very helpful.  My Dad is elderly and has a hard time getting around.  They were always will to help.   If they couldn't answer our questions they got an answer for us.  The restaurant has good food and the staff is great!  The indoor/outdoor pool and game room was kept clean.  We definitely would stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: I never write reviews but we loved our stay at this hotel.  The staff was so friendly and helpful.  The room was excellent.  The pool with free arcade room was neat the kids loved it.  The pool was an outdoor/indoor pool which added to the experience! The breakfast was so good with made to order omletes. We will be staying here for any future visits!
