Cliffview Resort
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely beautiful accommodations. Quiet, peaceful, I wanted to stay longer. Amazing people that saw to my every need. A simple place, nothing fancy as far as luxury hotels go but I much prefer the serenity and casual pace there. I will go back first chance I have.
Rating: 5
Text: Cliffview Lodge was perfect for a weekend away with my best friend. The rooms are clean, customer service was great and the location made for easy access to all of our activities (cave kayaking, hiking, etc).  Breakfast offered in the morning (continental style) was also a plus. I would select Cliffview again as my choice for the Natural Bridge and Red River Gorge. 

Also....
Take a moment to sit out on the balcony swing and look amongst the treetops or play giant Jenga on the front porch. Want to stay inside? Select offerings from their book and movie shelves.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I stayed for one night at Cliffview Lodge and thought it was great!  The lodge was clean, in a beautiful setting and had a very nice continental breakfast in the morning.  I will definitely be back for the lodge and the awesome zip lining!
Rating: 4
Text: Clean space and private along a private ridge. Definitely a home away from home type of place. Not a lot of amenities, but if you are looking to take the family away for some clean country living- it's a great spot.
Rating: 5
Text: We greatly enjoyed our stay at Cliffview Resort. Everything was clean and well-maintained. But unlike a chain hotel, this place had personality and the character of an upscale ski lodge.

The host who checked us in was warm and friendly. She took the time to show us around. 

We greatly enjoyed chatting with Allen in the evening who was so friendly and went out of his way to make us feel welcome.and answer any questions we had. 

It was super convenient having access to a full kitchen (fridge, stovetop, microwave, oven, pots, pans, seasoning, etc.). So nice not to have to eat every meal in a restaurant.

The scenery was beautiful and the proximity to the park hikes was good. The price was extremely fair, nearly half what you might pay in a chain hotel of this caliber.

We would gladly recommend this resort to others and will stay again if ever we're in that neck of the woods.
