Clifty Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Definitely an upscale Inn to stay at! It was a bit cold everywhere until they lit the fireplaces in the Public? Area to make it more comfortable! The food is good and the service great in the Dining Room! We enjoyed the Spa yesterday after a long hike checking out the park waterfalls! Very Restful here also! Lots of places in the Inn to curl up with a good Book or build a puzzle! Relax!!! We like it here, room has a view overlooking the Ohio!
Rating: 2
Text: Didn't stay in the inn but, went to eat at the restaurant. The server was great, he was polite and very attentive. The view was breath taking. However, the food was horrible. I got the shrimp and they were way over cooked and hard as a rock. My husband got the fried chicken and it looked like it had been sitting on the buffet for hours. We both ordered from the menu and didn't get off the buffet.
Rating: 5
Text: I love going to this park and staying in the Inn. The atmosphere is so peaceful and relaxing. I highly recommend anyone to come stay there if they are looking for a quiet and peaceful getaway. I've been coming here since I was a kid, and it holds some very special memories for me! Rooms and service are all great, and the restaurant is very good too!
Rating: 3
Text: The manager is very sweet and genuine. She addressed some issues this morning like a champ. Don't expect the Carlton. It is a fairly nice room with easy access to the park and old Madison. There is a nice view of the river. The power plant is right on the river so be aware that there may be small amounts of coal dust in the air if you have folks that are sensitive to it.  You should enjoy your stay if you check out the the room before you unpack. Remember it is a state park, so some of the repairs may be a little behind. Like I said, the manager is a pro who will make sure you are taken care of.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice lodge feel when walking in entrance.  Fairly clean rooms.  It was quiet,  Had no issues with noise.  Room came with fridge and microwave.   Enjoyed our stay.
