Cliffbreakers Riverside Hotel & Conference Center
Rating: 5
Text: This is updated review great price great views staff was very friendly room is extremely clean lots of cool history here. Renovations look like they're going to be amazing. Breakfast like most Hotel breakfasts missing the waffle iron but big deal. Views definitely worth the price which is very reasonable
Rating: 1
Text: Less than one star. Run down. Looks abandoned from the outside. Should be abandoned. Hair and dirt on the bed. Stains on floors. Not sure if it was from the murder that was there or not. The diner wasn't opened though they listed it but failed to tell us it wasn't open because of renovation. Bad parking lot area. Not quite a clear entrance. No hot tub. Good Wifi no password. Ripped carpet and walls. No air in elevators. What looks like mold on the ceiling in the pool area. Soft beds with feather tick comforters. There was a phone with no buttons. No dial tone. The ladies said it was because of renovations. But it rang at 4:30 in the morning for both days there!!! Deer head on the wall with a wild pig statue or water fountain. Just bad.
Rating: 4
Text: Very quiet and empty. Not a big selection for breakfast, damp and dark pool area. Freezing hallways. Awesome nice employees.
Rating: 4
Text: We booked a wedding for April over a year ago. We loved the view of the river and the nice large deck. The night before our wedding we were told that the deck was closed due to safety concerns (after we gave them a certified check). During the reception they ran out of tonic?? Food was good but that was about it. Bathrooms were out of order, guests complained about the rooms - still waiting for a refund which was promised over a month ago. I cannot begin to tell you the disappointment we have had regarding this situation. Rude staff, nobody cares and it is all because management staff sucks the big one. If you have something booked here cancel it now or suffer the disappointment we did.
Rating: 3
Text: Really thought Jack Nicholson might pop out as the long hallways gone on forever like the Shining!  I love that they play classic rock through speakers through the hallways.  The beds are awesome...the hotel is run down and not in a great area.  The breakfast in pretty nonexistent...instant oatmeal, yogurt and some fruit.  Coffee is bad...however, there is something about the place.  The staff is super friendly and there's clearly some history to the hotel.  It needs major updating but if I was in town for a similar event (soccer tourney) and needed a spot, I would book again.
