Cloverleaf Suites Columbus - Dublin
Rating: 5
Text: My wife had found a crazy cheap deal for Cloverleaf last year, so we went down with the lowest of expectations. We were shocked at how great of a value the suites were. The room was large, with recently remodeled bathrooms. The carpet and kitchen appliances (yes, each suite has a full kitchen) were older, but at under $100 a night, I'm not sure I care. The place feels "homey," and the clubhouse is gorgeous. The only consideration that requires a bit of foreknowledge is that the place runs a skeleton crew at night, so if you need anything from the front desk, it might take quite a while. The real test is not a simple review-- we have had occasion to go to Columbus two more times, and both times we stayed at Cloverleaf.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay while visiting the Columbus area. The amenities are nice and the rooms are great. Wish we would have had a chance to check out the breakfast but the beds were too comfortable to leave and we slept in. Will definitely choose them again when staying in this area.
Rating: 1
Text: When I checked into the hotel, their system was down, but I was already assigned a room for the next two nights that I was staying. I received my key and came back a couple hours later to check on my room. Once I opened the door, there was already a gentleman in the room!  Needless to say, we were both surprised. Most of the front desk was nice and stated that they showed that he had checked out. I was then given another room and was told it wasn't clean, but would be in a few hours, meaning I was unable to use the room to get ready for the evening. I received a call hours later stating I was moved rooms again. In the room I finally stayed in, There was blood on a pillow and barely any towels or tissues were provided. Keys were inactivated almost every time I left the room, and when more towels were requested (and we were told that housekeeping was on the way), we had to track down a housekeeper on our own to get a towel. Housekeeping never stopped by the room during my two night stay either.  No towels were provided by the sauna or pool. Renovations made the hotel become overbooked and no parking available due to dumpsters taking up half the parking lot.
My card has been overcharged since they have charged me 5 separate times for a two night stay - I had to call my bank to stop charges and receive a new card due to my card being charged multiple times WITHOUT my consent. 
No one who stayed at this hotel had a good stay. 
Give the place time to complete renovations and to get used to the new management and maybe it will be okay, but I will never stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: Poor customer service practice, beware! I booked a reservation 2 month's in advance, called night before, they confirmed room was on hold. Drive my family 12 hrs to destination and my room was overbooked. Front desk and back office staff offered no apology, found no solution and instead blames this party vendor for mistake. I was left to scramble and find my own solution, luckily I got the same type of room at another hotel (forced to pay $400 more). Already upset over how I was treated, I called back to speak to GM next day and was promised resolution. Week goes by nothing, so I decide to reach out to corporate.  I finally reach VP Customer Service, Joe Brison. Had a good conversation with the "bucks stop with him" VP, he refused to make the situation whole, now 20 days after incident, we settle in a $200 refund, which he promised via check (postmark Texas office) in 10 days. It's now 62 days later, no check or apology. I called him back, day 20, 30 just empty apology and no action taken to resolve. Now, I get silence...next step for me? I assume get the BBB involved to help. Be careful, avoid booking with this hotel or any in their fleet of spaces, if that's how corporate handles these issues. I encourage corporate to review their customer care practice, they totally missed the mark from start to no finish in sight.

Follow up message- reached out again to corporate office. Once again, they lead the industry in "cricket response" and simply poor customer service skills to resolve issue THEY created. Very poor service.
Rating: 3
Text: Suite style rooms. Cleanliness is pretty good as I never want to see hair in the shower/tub/bathroom. I like my beds made tight so it doesn't look as though they were slept in just before my arrival. 
Staff s very friendly and helpful. Breakfast is ok for buffet style dining.  Nice variety. Great pool and hot tub. Undergoing refurbishing. I don't know if our suite is new. Would like to have compared.
