CoCo Key Water Resort - Kansas City
Rating: 4
Text: This place is pretty nice, I loved the water park area. The only reason, why I didn't give it 5 stars, is because of the staff. They messed around a lot. Otherwise, I recommend this place. The rooms are nice and tidy. Love it! Will be coming back in the future!!
Rating: 3
Text: Went for the water resort. For the entry the park is worth it. A little small but what can you expect from an off season indoor resort. Upon our visit the bar was not open and they ran out of towels. Spoke with the manager Gina who was very nice and apologetic for the issues and offered us another set of passes for our family to try again. It has great potential and hopefully the next time we come it won't have as many issues.
Rating: 1
Text: One of the worst experiences traveling ever. When we arrived to our room the bathtub was full of dirt like it hadn't been cleaned in years. The water park was closed due to lightning within 10 miles of the facility. Staff stated it was an act of God no refunds. Not enough parking. In the morning the shower was ice cold throughout the facility. Many of the arcade games accepted payment from my children but did not allow them to play the game. All of this for over $600 for two rooms one night. Will never return and we'll tell everyone we know to never go there.
Rating: 1
Text: Don't waste your time. Had issues with the reservation that took 15 minutes to correct. No fridge in room. Ice machine broken. Can't hook up a game system to the tv. Maybe the water park is awesome, but everything before the park has been a hassle. And there's NO hot water in the shower.
Rating: 4
Text: I took my family here for my daughter's birthday adventure recently.  I gave here a selection of water parks in KC and she chose CoCo Key since she wanted to be inside and is not a major thrill-seeker.  This was everything I expected it to be...they had a nice water fort with three small slides and the giant water bucket that pours down periodically.  There was a lazy river to lay back (if you could find a tube) or just float, swim, or walk.  There were three more extreme rides but not of the high caliber extreme rides you will find at the larger outdoor parks.  But for what my daughter wanted, this was a perfect choice.  We arrived early and it wasn't too busy.  We took a 1.5-2 hour break to eat lunch away from the park and the mid-afternoon crowd was much larger so the lines were long and the chaos was rampant...all to be expected at any water park but when indoors the sound is amplified significantly.  Overall we had a blast.  I can't say anything about food options or drink but they are there and served alcohol too.
