Coldwater Lake Campgrounds
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed here with my friends recently. A nice and affordable campground. Beautiful lake. Quiet and relaxing. Very clean with nice accommodations.
Rating: 5
Text: By far one of my best camping experiences, had a very unpleasant stay at a camp ground I won't say on this post, and these owners took us in like family. Small, quite, clean, friendly, perfect for what we were looking for. Will be long time customers here, hopefully will have a permanent spot.?
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I have had our travel trailer parked at Coldwater Lake Campground for 3 years now.  It's easy for us to get to as it is just a few miles from the I-80 and Interstate 69 interchange.  We live in the Toledo area and have neighbors from all over. The area is well maintained and we find it a pleasure to stay there. We leave our pontoon boat docked across the street all season, and off seasons are easy as the owners have a spacious storage area near. We love to fish and have easy access to our favorite fish, bluegill, all season. Coldwater Lake is the southernmost lake of a chain of lakes, and it's lots of fun to take a ride through the chain on a sunny day. 
We have friends who use their trailer to travel.  They can come and visit us with their trailer as there are short term areas for campers as well.
You guessed it, I wouldn't want to stay anywhere else!
Rating: 5
Text:  First, there are two Coldwater Lake Campgrounds. The previous reviews mention a channel, that would be the one on Buckeye. The owner got rid of that one and kept the one on 569 Lake Drive that's designated 'Crystal Beach'. That is the one we stayed at. Coldwater lake is just across the street and has a nice beach to swim and slips to keep your boat at in the clear waters.We explored many miles of lakes from there.
 The owners were extremely cordial and always wanted to make your stay pleasant. The restrooms were clean and even decorated! 
 We'll be going back...
 
Rating: 5
Text: Good place
