Colonial Gardens
Rating: 1
Text: I've lived here a long time. The management is comparable to Nazi Germany. The corporate office is a brick wall. The only thing that matters is money and how many fines they can impose. Rent increases twice a year normally. I'll be moving as soon as I can sell my home. I strongly recommend people look elsewhere for living.

Rating: 1
Text: Do not rent here. They give no fawks about you or anything that may ever happen to you. This place has risen our rent 75 dollars in the last 2 years and has not fixed anything. They've allowed us to place a basketball goal just to force us to remove it months later. Using it wasn't part of the agreement apparently. 
Rating: 1
Text: The only people giving high stars is because either 1. They haven't lived her for more then two months or 2. Their significant other works here. Lol i noticed yoy putting up phoney 5 stats i bet it is nice living under no rules.... But screw everyone else over and these management responses what a joke!!!! Even your own maintenance. Staff admitted to me half the time they throw away the maintenance. Requests and call them " complete" .... Don't. Live here unless you hate yourself and want trouble. ..
Rating: 1
Text: Moved in here a little over a month ago. Not really impressed with the staff in the community office, due to their lack of manner, consistency, & notices. 
When I moved in, I made a list of things that needed changed. Maintenance does a half fast job, or doesn't show up to fix it at all. 
We got notice about our lawns being mowed (which is fine), but nobody specified that our lawn needed to be mowed THAT MORNING so I got charged $50. When I addressed that issue specifically, to explain I work from 6-3pm, couldn't have mowed it until after 3, and she was very rude to me.
When I sent an email to another staff member, asking to speak with their corporate office and get their number, we got no response at all. 

Unfortunately we are stuck in a lease, so not much we can do here. The only positive thing here is that Rent is affordable.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, safe, mobile home community, helped us to get into a home we really wanted. We've rented from them for 4 1/2 years. And wanted to buy, made the whole process easy. 
