Coloma / St. Joseph KOA
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here 2 days after spending 10 days at a fairground with limited amenities. 

We called ahead and were able to get a nice pull-through site.

The staff were very helpful and friendly. 
New owners as of October 2016, they're trying to overcome the poor reviews of the 
past.

Campsites and restrooms were clean.

The laundry room that adjoins the store through one door and game room through another was just what we needed to catch up on our clothes washing. It had an ironing board and large folding table and was very clean.

The store had a wide variety of goods including many camping items. 

This is a kid's paradise for summer camping.

Rating: 4
Text: Great location to all the sight of the mackinac island and bridge.  The camp store and pool were very clean.  The sites in the back were secluded.  Staff was very nice.  Only downside was the campground needs more full hook up sites and lots of pooling water in heavy rain.  They do have really nice cabins that are tucked into the woods.  Great location to all the sites of the UP
Rating: 5
Text: This is a very nice KOA.   The new hosts were great.  They provided us with great beach and shopping information.   The campground was clean and able to accommodate our large 5th wheel.  We will definitely be staying at this campground again.   Don't let past reviews detour you from staying at this KOA.  HAPPY CAMPING!
Rating: 5
Text: Loved our stay. They could do some upgrades on the fire pits, picnic tables and the putt putt course. But other than that, it was a great park. I wished I would have gotten the young girls name that checked us in. She was very kind, friendly and always had a smile whenever I came into contact with her. Would definitely stay here again!
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent Family Campground with wonderful hosts. The owners and their staff were attentive and personable.  The amenities were clean and newly updated.   We will definitely return. Thank you for a terrific stay!
