Colonial Manor Motel
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I loved our stay here. The bed was comfortable, the room was clean and the place was quiet. They even provided a cot for our Grandson.
Rating: 2
Text: My family and I stayed here with a group of friends, to where we had 3 rooms.  The cost was good and the town of Bryan is awesome.  You're literally just minutes from almost anything you could need.

Looking over what we could find about the motel, Bee Patel took over more than a year ago and had previous motel experience, so we were hoping he had brought good changes.  From the outside, the motel looks fantastic.  But beyond that, the whole motel staff needs help from ownership down.  When things were brought to their attention, they were quick to try to resolve matters, and Mr. Patel was there morning, noon and night.  But there were too many things that needed attention.

The housekeeping is poor and needs some serious training or replacement, as we watched as they went into each room, made the bed, swapped out towels and wiped off the counters, then closed the door and went to the next room.  No sweeping, no bedding changes, nothing significant.  Seeing that, it made more sense why our bed had hair and a little blood from previous guest(s) in the sheets.  Sheets should *always* be changed, and that's clearly not being done.  There were also things left from previous guests under the bed, which obviously had not been moved in a long time.

Our bed was broken and very uncomfortable, and others in our group said the same thing.  

The A/C doesn't have a fan-only option to circulate air and provide some white noise.  However, the A/C does get the room as cold as you can handle.

One evening, the water stopped draining in a whole wing of rooms, but they called a plumber out and quickly got that resolved.

Wi-fi went out one day, and they couldn't resolve it until the next.

Desk staff is either great or poor, with little in between.  The younger girl, although friendly when addressed, clearly has other things she'd rather be doing.

One apparently longer-term guest was working on his brakes on one wheel while we were there.  His car was up on a jack the entire week, which shouldn't be permitted.

I've stayed in a lot of hotels and motels before, and this is toward the bottom of my list.  They got 2 stars because the price was appropriate.  With a bit of room maintenance and better room cleaning, they could easily be 4 stars and yield a slightly higher rate for their rooms.

** UPDATE **
Based on the reply of Heather Bible, I felt compelled to respond.  

1>The person that cleaned our room did *not* lose their job over that, because the same name on the tip envelope at the beginning of our stay was there 4 days later on the last day of our stay as well.  So either this was not truthful, or the wrong person was let go.  Firing someone isn't nearly as effective as training them properly, anyway.

2> Moving the beds once a month isn't cleaning.  They should be moved and cleaned under when every single guest checks out.

3> Thank you for the offer of another stay, but we won't be back.

I sincerely wish you the best in your efforts.
Rating: 4
Text: This place is very dated, but they take good care of it. Very affordable accommodations conveniently located. Staff is usually very friendly as well.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is a great little motel! Loved staying here! Got a great deal on our room. Had a fridge and microwave in our room. The people that work there were supper friendly love that norma lady!! If I'm going to stay anywhere around Bryan I will most definitely be staying here again. Nice clean rooms. They have a nice little restaurant with a bar within walking distance  (Right behind) 
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean room. Comfortable and well priced. Would stay again.
