Comfort Inn & Suites North At The Pyramids
Rating: 4
Text: I came during the week in September. The gentleman at the front desk was pleasantly helpful. Plenty of places were near by to choose from to eat. The room was a little dated, but overall it was satisfying. Breakfast was more than enough to have me back again. There was also free wifi which allowed me to get work done while I was eating.
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel is definitely overdue for an upgrade. The room we stayed in did not look like what I reserved online. The comforter was stained. The TV was not working properly. The sleeper sofa did not fit the space. There were no extra beddings. The bath tub was gross. There was rust around the tub. The ceiling had peeling paint. The front desk staff did not have any answers to questions and could not resolve issues. The front desk staff was not available to answer the phone every time we called for assistance. There is no fitness room. There is only an outdoor pool.
Rating: 1
Text: Check in was great, the reception guy was helpful. That was the only good thing about this place.  It smells... wet?!  The carpet is dirty, there are crumbs on the tv stand and hair in the bath and on the toilet. It is pretty run down and there is rust on several of the metal.  The pillows are even wet feeling.  Also it is kinda a run down area maybe?  There was some kind of weird thing going on in the parking lot right outside of my room. A couple in a car messing around and then just standing outside loitering in the parking lot at 1am.  I wish I had just spent the $30 extra bucks for a nicer place, it would have been worth the peace of mind.
Rating: 1
Text: My stay was from July 21-23.  The hotel is outdated. Check-in was disappointing, customer service was bad through out our stay. Ran out of ice and was told  didn't know when some more will be. Had to wait on clean towels. Rooms had plumbing issues, one family member had to change rooms. One of the rooms has badly frayed carpet. The worst for all who stayed in my group was finding and being bit by BEDBUGS, killed and kept to show. Never once able to talk to the General manger. Made  complaint to the front desk staff and corporate office. Refund requested.
Rating: 5
Text: EXCELLENT front desk staff! We had a couple of unavoidable issues that were addressed and taken care of immediately. We stay in hotels 10 months out of the year, and although this is an older hotel, it is clean and very comfortable. Will definitely come back to this location...as this is our third year in a row here working the BY400.
