Comfort Inn St. Louis - Westport
Rating: 1
Text: Will definitely not recommend this place. The staff is courteous, but I've been here for eight days so far and this is the fourth day that nobody touched my room. At least fifteen times I've had to get my room key magnetized because I couldn't get in, and twice after no service in my room, the front desk had no coffee. So now  another morning that I can't have coffee unless I go down to get it. Plus, I'm here for four more nights. Hope they have towels tomorrow, because I'll be out if they don't clean my room again.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean and appealing. Breakfast given in the morning is a typical breakfast, gets you going. Rooms are nice and clean. Towels and sheets also appear clean. I'm a weirdo when it comes to staying at hotels and I'm comfortable with this one. Evening front desk attendant was very pleasant when checking in as well.
Rating: 2
Text: where do i start. This hotel charged me for something i didn't receive having.  having a hard time getting my money back. housekeeping had left our door open for several hours. when we returned in the evening our door was not shut all the way. they seemed it was no big deal. The Van driver acted like you was a burden when asking for a ride she was not nice at all. I will never stay here again. Im sure i will never get refunded back. its been 3 weeks now and have not received a refund.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrific experience.  The shower curtain smelled sour; the bed looked like a 5 year old had made it, and the toilet had a black mildew ring around the bowl.  I didn't arrive until later in the evening, long after housekeeping was gone, so I thought I would keep my concerns to myself and would complain in the morning, as I knew nothing would be done that night.  
The following morning, I complained to the lady at the front desk, who assured me she would let housekeeping know.  I arrived back from the office later on that evening and toilet bowl still dirty, shower curtain still sour, my wash clothes left over from morning shower still in the tub.  I called again to the front desk and spoke to the clerk who said he would look into it and would call me back.  (two weeks later, I haven't heard from him).  The next morning, I spoke to a different clerk, who promised me she would contact housekeeping and the hotel manager.  She called me on my cell later that morning to assure me that the head of housekeeping would personally service my room.  The picture   of the messy bed is the way I found it when I arrived back on the third evening.  The toilet bowl was still black with mildew and the shower curtain still sour.  I called downstairs again, and spoke to the desk clerk - the same one I had spoken to the night before who hasn't called me back yet.  I asked him to come to the room and look at it so that he would know I wasn't making things up.  His explanation for the bed - the housekeepers do not move personal belongings.  His explanation for the wash cloths left in the tub - they don't remove towels left out; they have to be on the floor to be picked up and removed.  There was not an explanation for the shower curtain or the nasty bowl.  I was refunded for one night.  I didn't move, because for all I knew, I would be going from the frying pan to the fire.  After all, the head of housekeeping was the one who cleaned my room.  This is the first time I have ever left such a review for a hotel.  I travel every week for work and I will NEVER stay at this place again.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice place!  Excellent staff!  They made it worth while!  The room was nice.  We'll stay there again.
