Comfort Inn Circleville OH
Rating: 5
Text: we love this Hotel  it has been  renamed  Quality inn but   it is very clean  well  cared for.  beautiful  comfortable rooms,  great staff,  really  nice  sitting room  in lobby   with  comfy chairs and couches  with a  TV  set up like a real  Living room,  small dining room  but  nice breakfast
Rating: 3
Text: Its actually a Quality Inn, but it is on Google as Comfort Inn. My mother and I were questioning if this was actually the hotel we were gonna stay at. It was nice, decent hotel room. The hallway smelled like tuna and the stuff janitors use to neutralize and clean up puke (that stuff that smells like flowers and chemicals). The parking lot curb things to park are crooked in the one spot my mother and I parked, no big deal, more or less a problem cause of how others park. The sweet tea was kinda meh along with the o.j., but thats way more than other hotels offer. The danishes were good, I guess, too. They have a waffle maker which is pretty cool, but I wasn't brave enough to try it (not saying it was gross or anything, just kinda not my cuppa tea.). Aside from that, we were stocked on towels and treated with respect. Thanks for the stay Quality Inn, this business trip was a success.
Rating: 4
Text: The Comfort Inn now known as the Quality Inn and Suites is a great hotel for a few overnight stays. It does include a pool which is very clean and nice. The weight room is very small but who comes to a hotel to work out. Rooms are clean and basic, although all seem to come with a microwave and fridge. Water pressure is surprisingly good. Only thing that is a bummer is that there is no hot tub and the rooms with jacoozie tubs are over priced. But if your going out to do stuff and just using the hotel to relax and stay in the room or swim. It is a great place.
Rating: 5
Text: I will be back next year. And I loved the guilty inn. Hotel
Rating: 3
Text: The room was clean and comfortable, although it wasn't as fresh smelling as it could have been. WiFi kept dropping which halted some work I needed to do. Breakfast was just okay. All in all, comfortable stay. Nothing extraordinary, but good enough after a day of hiking.
