Comfort Inn Moline - Quad Cities
Rating: 5
Text: They actually had a cook in the breakfast room preparing made to order omelettes! Hot breakfast is important to me so this was much appreciated. The exterior could use a washing and fresh paint but the double queen room was excellent! The walls, tile and carpet were clean and new looking, the beds were comfy with fresh linens and covers, the room was odor free, spacious and modern. Pool area and hot tub were clean and new and all the interior is tastefully appointed.
Front desk was helpful, friendly and welcoming.I would drive the extra mile to stay here again.
Rating: 2
Text: Second time we stayed, we do a lot of traveling for my daughters softball.  Had a good experience and loved the omelet station the first time.  Unfortunately, we will not be back.  Due to the weather her tournament got cancelled and they would not let me cancel the room.  I understand they have a 24 hour policy, but other hotels cancelled rooms for team mates.  So we had to drive up and stay in an unneeded hotel.  There are plenty of hotels to pick from and we will pick another next time we are in Moline.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice room! Great breakfast! The made to order omlet was a nice touch as well as the mini waffles. Our room did have a weird smell though. Not sure if it was smokers or what. Other than that it was a great stay.
Rating: 3
Text: Location was good as it was right near the highway. In the first room I had, the toilet wouldn't stop flushing and no maintenance is on site in the evenings so they moved me to another room. In the second room, the toilet reservoir took so long to fill that after 2 hours, I still couldn't flush the toilet. I'm not sure what the deal is with the plumbing, but other than that it was a mediocre stay. Nothing great, but nothing bad either. The breakfast was pretty good, but don't accidentally ask for two meats in the omelette or you will get snapped at and told to read the sign. Sorry, didn't see it. The beds were pretty comfy and the air conditioning worked great.
Rating: 5
Text: clean place, quiet so far and some nice lady makes omelets to order in the breakfast room.  the parking lot is a trap if you're hauling a trailer. it's not rv or trailer friendly
