Comfort Suites East Broad At 270
Rating: 5
Text: Loved it. Neat, very clean,  newer property. Beds comfortable.  Rooms roomy with small fridge and microwave.   Front desk staff professional and nice, housekeeping same. Morning breakfast very good. Highly recommend. We will be returning next year. 
Rating: 1
Text: Do NOT stay at the Comfort Inn and Suites on Chris Perry Lane in Columbus, Ohio. When my family (including three children) arrived late on a Friday night three of us smelled something strange in the hallway on the first floor. After returning the cart to the lobby, on the way back to our room, my husband witnessed a man rolling a chair from one room to the room across from him saying, "I can smell that s*** from out here!" My husband called the front desk that night to tell them about the pot smell and the noise (which they should have smelled and heard from the lobby). They claimed they were trying to do something about it. Instead, it went on all night. How about kicking them out or getting the police involved? 

Since we were in town visiting family we stayed there for three more nights. We did not get a peaceful night's sleep the entire time. We decided to leave a day early because we just could not take it any more.
Rating: 5
Text: Kind staff, rooms very clean, great hotel. Breakfast was kinda meh but at least it's included. Also free WiFi worked well enough to stream a movie without constant buffering
Rating: 3
Text: Not too far from a variety of restaurants. front desk staff was very friendly at check in. Night staff is more interested in browsing facebook than helping with problems. Great coffee there loved the caramel coffee creamer. Coffee tasted clean. Presidential suite is pretty basic. I was expecting a little more. Have a little liquor store on site if need it.
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly staff, great room, and clean! I read a review that the upstairs hallway floors were soft in some spots, and it's true, but it wasn't like that in the room. Would definitely stay again!
