Comfort Inn Downtown
Rating: 5
Text: This is definitely the place to stay whether because your going to the Cleveland Clinic, as I was ,or vacationing. . I would highly recommended here,  I called in advance to let them know of my traveling alone, and on crutches. . They accommodated all I asked for,  though I'm sure they didn't need to. I checked in ,and they had my room ready early... the front desk was kind, informative and answered my many questions. . They also have a great perk,  they provide free shuttle to the hospital and have me all the info I needed,  the driver 'John.. was awesome ' and very compassionate. .which being apprehensive of all I was there for, was reassuring. .thank you' I couldn't eat the mornings there, but I Did go in and a sweet woman, (from NC ) like myself.. was keeping everything out front full ,clean and on top of it all, was friendly to all. My 1st afternoon, the front desk at my asking, gave me great info on who delivered and best place to eat, I took there recommendations and they were correct, the food was affordable and good, thank you again to all at the Downtown Comfort Inn,  you made my trip easier and comfortable. .by the way, I don't want to forget the cleaner of my room.. it was spotless, clean and the bed so comfortable, I actually had the best sleep '..in quite a while.. keep up the great work.. and as I will be returning for surgery, I know where I'l stay til I'm admitted for surgery. To all I had contact with ,thank you and God Bless! ???
Rating: 5
Text: Service was excellent. Parking is a bit tricky if you don't know the area. Received a ticket in a metered zone after it expired only one minute. Otherwise perfectly satisfactory experience. Nice room, good amenities.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms were clean, plenty of towels. Elevator was a bit tight and shaky. Rooms are not wheelchair or disabled compatible. All the workers were very nice and polite. Breakfast was great with a nice variety and included with the room. The free bus to the hospital was very busy. Drivers were kind and one was very funny and made me less afraid about the hospital lol.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed in a Comfort inn for a night and overall it was a pleasant experience. The linens and beds were comfortable and the front desk was helpful and kind. The only reason I’m not giving 5 stars is because there was an incident involving the outlet on a lamp that shorted out when I used it. I was shocked and the entire room lost power. Although maintenance was sent immediately there was no attempt made by management to apologize for the incident.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed during the NBA Finals so the room price was definitely higher than normal, but that is to be expected. Overall we had a great experience. The ladies at the front desk were so friendly. The room was clean and perfectly efficient. Two major perks were location and parking. The hotel is right at Playhouse Square, but it is absolutely in walking distance of Progressive Field & The Q. We even walked to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. There's an extra fee for parking at the hotel but there is parking and you can come and go as you please.
