Comfort Inn & Suites University South
Rating: 4
Text: Clean but small rooms, but much nicer than you would expect for the price.  Nice lobby, cookies and a cold water cooler with slices of lemon greet you.

Pool towels were a little bigger than hand towels.

Pool rail is pulling out of its anchor and I was afraid my kids would get hurt, seems like an easy fix as opposed to an injury. 

The tile in the pool room are ridiculously slippery, my two year old cracked her head on the concrete within her first two steps with wet feet.  I almost fell 5 or 6 times, I ended up wearing my chaco sport sandals just to feel safe.

Would recommend to friends.
Rating: 3
Text: Front desk girl was flustered and talking to herself, wasn't sure exactly how to charge my debit card??? My room spelled horribly of FRESH PAINT, to the point I got a sore throat. The desk girl couldn't find any room deodorizer to combat the smell. The A/C didn't work "tried filtering the paint smell" They didn't offer any "specific discounts" I asked about many that I'm eligible for at virtually any other hotel, and I stay at numerous places. Ice machine looked like it was from a horror movie. Room was lacking a chair or couch, and there was a king bed size void where a sitting area should be. 

Room was clean
TV worked
Fridge and microwave worked
Lobby smelled very nice

I'm not going to say if I'd recommend this hotel or not, because it truly depends on so many factors and variables. They won't ever get my business again, I'll leave it at that.
Rating: 1
Text: They think it's ok to do construction in the hotel till after 9pm, I lost sleep to banging furniture being moved around till late in the night. Hallway floors are dirty.  Would not recommend.  Why management would not have this work done during the day is a very bad decision and lack of respect to paying customers.
Rating: 5
Text: Having a great stay! Front desk girl was super nice and very helpful with all our questions! Room is super clean and comfortable. Will definately come back here next time we come to town!
Rating: 1
Text: They had our reservation wrong. We reserved 2 rooms & they had only one for us. The desk clerk was less than helpful. The bathrooms are outdated.  We are less than impressed!
