Comfort Inn & Suites Lees Summit -Kansas City
Rating: 5
Text: I seldom post unless its really of good value or an overall exceptional experience. My most recent stay was a great experience. I Love the many options for breakfast and the friendly front desk. They always call me by name and suggest great places to eat near by. The beds are better than my bed at home :)
Rating: 1
Text: The entire process of staying here was a nightmare. We booked a three night stay. Arrived Sunday evening and on Monday morning we left oir room to visit the Kansas City area. That evening we got a call from the hotel saying that our room had been given to someone else but that they corrected the error and moved the other people after sending them to our room and allowing them access to our room. According to one hotel worker or was a computer glitch and according to another it was housekeeping fault. They claim the housekeeper went in and that she/he said we had left although all our things were still in the room. Our room never got cleaned that day although housekeeping supposedly went in. We were checked out of our room without permission from us and then checked back in without our permission. This began a huge issue with our bank as the hotel put almost $700.00 worth of funds on hold in our bank account. We spent time hashing this out with the owner and with our bank. We had 5 to 6 various charges all pending at one time. On Tuesday evening we arrived back to our room after a day out and had been locked out of our room again. No one could explain why. This was such a nightmare of a situation especially when it ties up funds in your account. I would highly recommend staying somewhere else. We did finally get the owner to refund one night of our stay but that to me is nothing for the headache that we had to deal with.
Rating: 1
Text: I've left a review for this hotel before that was great. Since my last visit the hotel has gone down hill very quickly. 
Short Version:
Staff: Okay at best if you can find someone that works at the hotel.
Security: A Joke. The side doors are always unlocked 24/7.  There is never anyone at the front desk looking who is coming in.  I stayed for 3 nights and never saw a single hotel employee. (Even when going to the front desk for help)
Cleanliness: My room smelled,  had stained carpet, marks on the wall. Poor repairs to the wall,  The closet was broken.
TV: They advertise HD Tvs, but have a basic analog cable package. The picture quality is poor, and full of static. Not a single Digital channel.
Elevator: The elevator is dirty, and breaks down a lot. My last two stays to the hotel the elevator has been broken at some point in the stay.

I would avoid this hotel, as the management doesn't do anything to address concerns raised.
Rating: 1
Text: Walk in the door to an overpowering chlorine smell everyday. Staff is not rude, they just ignore you and your needs. Rooms are half ass cleaned. We were here for two weeks only because work paid for it. I would not spend a dime of my own money here.
Rating: 1
Text: Second shift Front desk needs customer service training. Hotel decided to remodel rooms and did not notify that the accommodations would be changed.  Don’t sleep on the pull out couch!!!!
