Comfort Inn Kearney - Liberty
Rating: 5
Text: We are here to view the solar eclipse, and although the place is packed, we have received great customer service from every employee we encountered. The rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable, and the room has a microwave and fridge, which is nice. 

We had to bring our youngest cat, and he also found the room to his liking. We kept it colder than he likes at night, but he found a workaround (picture). For a regular Comfort Inn, I wasn't expecting a lot, but I would recommend this place to anyone who needs a room in the Kearney area.
Rating: 4
Text: The lobby was recently updated, not sure how long ago, but definitely can tell that it's been within the last year or two.  Room was clean and bathroom was clean.  Beds werea little to soft for me taste, I prefer a firmer mattress, but I'm not going to complain.  Will definitely come back stay in the hotel again.
Rating: 2
Text: This was the worst Comfort Inn we have ever stayed in. The beds were hard and there was no water pressure. You couldnt even take a shower. We were not happy and we love Comfort Inn.
Rating: 4
Text: It serves its purpose nicely. The room is clean, the beds are neat & comfortable, the shower is simple to work, the AC works, and there's a nice tv, microwave, fridge, coffee maker, internet. Free breakfast and an indoor pool. Food is next door, and Liberty proper is a short distance away. Kansas City is about a 20 minute drive away. All in all, a nice stay.
Rating: 1
Text: My husband had scheduled a one night stay last week at this hotel and requested it for to be a Friday. The woman who scheduled it made it for Thursday so we showed up thinking we had reservations and had none! No apologies or nothing was even remotely done! Contacted the GM and he wasn't going to do nothing either seeing that we were down as a "No Show". Well excuse me, of course, our confirmation will say no show because the woman booked it for the wrong night!! I stated to him politely that you have a sign in your hotel speaking of customer satisfaction and that if any customer has a problem to please consult with them so that they may resolve it. The GM reply,"This has nothing to do with customer satisfaction!" What!? I expressed to the GM, I would be contacting Choice Hotels and reporting them. He stated go right ahead. Well after waiting on the phone on 2 different occasions for over 30 minutes, I spoke with a representative who apologized for the inconvenience. She tried getting our money back but was unsuccessful as its only under that particular hotels discretion to give us the refund. She even tried getting us a complimentary stay and the GM refused. 
What poor customer service and what a lousy General Manager! I will never stay at another Comfort Inn or any of the other hotels associated with Choice Hotels!!!
