Comfort Inn Lees Summit @ Hwy 50 & Hwy 291
Rating: 5
Text: Great accommodations and modern decor. Highly recommend this location due to the friendliness of staff and proximity to area attractions. Would stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean, comfortable, quiet. Has good amenities right off of the lobby. Breakfast is good but nothing different than the super 8. Staff was friendly and helpful which is nice. Parking got a tad cramped when we returned back to the hotel that night and wasn't sure if I'd find a spot. It felt a bit cleaner compared to the super 8, which we stayed at last time but super 8 was in the process of a facelift so it might be even ground now. Didn't have time to check out pool so I can't compare.
Rating: 5
Text: AWESOME ROOMS WITH GREAT STAFF AND PERFECT LOCATION
Rating: 5
Text: Great room!  Smells really beautiful.  Good service!
Rating: 1
Text: Seems nice at first glance, but looks are deceiving. We booked through their website and then found out our reservations had been sent to the wrong Comfort Inn, and they weren't related to each other so they couldn't change them, which ended up costing us $50 more for a 2 night stay despite their advertised prices. We were supposed to be in a handicap room, and they simply put us on the first floor with a walk in shower- that was COVERED in mold, partially due to the fact that the short shower curtain and the tiny step that sectioned off the shower just resulted in water pooling everywhere in the bathroom. We had also asked for extra pillows (something really important since I have serious neck issues) and they "had none" for us. The walls were thinner than the average hotel wall since we could hear text tones and sex from adjacent rooms.

At checkout, I told them I wanted a refund for at least what my copays would cost for fixing my neck because they didn't have pillows and was told only the manager could do that, so I requested contact information for the manager and was told that they could only give me his name. I made it clear I would be calling to discuss a partial refund. Much to my surprise I was called by the manager "from home" less than 2 hours later, assuring me a refund and begging me not to leave a bad review. The amount I asked for as a refund they didn't even dispute, which just tells me that they're desperately trying to keep their reviews high enough to get people to come in and stay. I was told that it was a remodeled Super 8 and that was what had caused the initial reservation issues, but after the experience, I think I would have preferred the Super 8 just down the road.
