Comfort Suites Benton Harbor - St. Joseph
Rating: 4
Text: I shopped for value over quality when booking the Comfort Suites. I set my navigation to Benton Harbor, rather than the hotel address, so we ended up in the middle of downtown. It was beautiful, but nowhere near the hotel! 

A 10 minute drive got us to the hotel! Comfort Suites is conveniently located by a mall with plenty of places to eat and shop, but once checked in we headed back down the highway to Silver Beach - about 10 minutes away.

Arriving back at the hotel, we noticed one of the hotel staff had a childcare situation that meant bringing their children to work. They were well-behaved, though, and had no impact on our stay other than noticing they were there and playing on the computer in the Business Center. 

For being right next to the highway, the hotel was quiet. The room was spacious, beds were comfortable. I was traveling with my two teenage daughters, and our suite had 2 queen beds and a pull-out sofa. My daughter felt the Fitness Center was underquipped with just a treadmill and a pulley machine in a room about half the size of our hotel room.

The complimentary breakfast had plenty of choices ... good coffee (regular, decaf, dark roast), juice, choice of cereals, muffins, English muffins, pastries, waffles. Check out was easy and fast.

The price was right for what was essentially a place to get a shower and a good night's sleep, and I wouldn't hesitate to book again.
Rating: 2
Text: Lousy location. Backs up to roofing company. Big rigs rolling in and out. Loud outdoor speaker system at the crack of dawn. I like Comfort Inn, but this area is too noisy to enjoy. Stay in Stevensville, 10 miles away and super quiet.
Rating: 3
Text: Decent, but not as well-staffed, clean or maintained as I would hope. Several small items in the room were in disrepair, the room's AC was touchy, no soap in the bathroom across the hall from the pool (which made me cringe thinking of people using the facilities then jumping into the pool). Breakfast was understaffed 2 of the 3 mornings we were there and one morning they were completely out of plates all morning.  They also have a rentable meeting room that was in use 2 of the 3 nights. The second time, the event was extremely loud (kid's birthday party it looked like) and no attempt appeared to have been made by the front desk staff to quiet them. The event was over at a reasonable hour but we were staying directly above and it was disruptive for a while.  

As I said, decent, but I would've expected more for the price.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice big rooms. Very clean. Great pool and hot tub. Awesome breakfast. Super comfy bed.
Rating: 5
Text: Easy to find, right off the highway. Our suite was very clean and spacious. We stayed in room 301. Check-in was smooth, quick and flawless.
