Comfort Inn I-70 Near Kansas Speedway
Rating: 3
Text: We stayed one evening as we were traveling through.  The hotel staff was very friendly I  the evening when we checked in and when we left.  Area felt reasonably safe and great accessibility to I-70. Room was a standard double queen. Beds were true queen beds & comfortable. Room was clean and heating unit was reasonably quiet. Bathroom was dated but functional. Towels were good size. Breakfast was very good and a pleasant surprise.  This is a good travel through hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: If you like bringing your family to a drug/prostitute environment? Than this is the perfect place. 
This facility that advertise 100% nonsmoking, smells of cigarette smoke and Marijuana smoke. We took our kids to the pool after driving almost 24hrs and the pools water was gross water. There was two brown paper bags on one of the tables when we got in there, no one else has in there at the time and the front desk guy accused me and my kids of having alcohol in the pool area. He kept saying that if "we were drinking we would be asked to leave". I finally had to make it very clear that my children do not drink and neither do my husband and I. No sooner does he walk out and this pink and purple hair lady comes walking in. Grabs the beer out of the brown paper bag talking about how she just needs her drinks and sit in the hot tub. I inform her that she can not drink in here and definitely not around my kids. She puts it back but then proceeded to talk with some guy in the hot tub about taking her clothes off for him in front of my kids at which point we left. I will never stay at this facility or even recommend it for an over night stay. Pictures are definitely deceiving. Nothing in this hotel looks or even resembles pictures online except for the logo. If I could give it a negative star I would. 
Rating: 2
Text: Overall, the service is okay. The thing is, the walls are just too thin. All night I just heard stomping and stomping like someone was running and jumping and it was not great.. it was super annoying.
Rating: 1
Text: This is the worst hotel i have ever seen. The rain came in though the window and splashing on the heater/ac. It made the room cold and uncomfortable. The service was rude and expected my family to sleep in this room for dang near full price.  I will never stay at another comfort inn again !!
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice stay. Pretty clean rooms. The exhaust fan in the bathroom didn't work and looked a bit dirty. But other than that great play. Good breakfast nice staff. Plan to stay again.
