Comfort Inn Marshall Station
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel itself is very nice and has a great continental breakfast; However, it is very loud. The laundry room is right behind the check in desk and makes it hard to hear the receptionist with the doors open. We could also hear this noise coming up through the vent in our room. Alongside the laundry noise, we could hear every time someone turned on their shower or flushed their toilet. The doors SLAM if you don't have your hand on the handle and you can hear it all the way down the hall. The walls to the hallways (and the doors) provided no sound insulation to our room. 
The "suite" we stayed in was large, but seemed half-heartedly thrown together with a Murphy bed and an old couch. The room served it's purpose as it was a great place for myself and the other bridesmaids to get ready for my sister's wedding, but aesthetically was not pleasing.
Also, the outside doors are VERY hard to open with your key card and I heard of other people in our group having issues opening the doors to their rooms.
Rating: 5
Text: We came to Marshall to see the eclipse. The rooms are nice and good sized. They gave us little gift baskets with certified eclipse glasses and items commemorating the eclipse. The beds were quite comfortable. Breakfast was better than often found at such hotels and included ham. The staff were courteous and helpful.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome staff . There T.V channel is the worst.  Motel 6 in Springfield is the best setup I have ever seen.  It's perfect don't know how they could do it!  But superior out of this world a real pleasure.  Wish all T.V.s were set up that way! !!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Beds comfortable, rooms clean and attractive. Staff friendly and polite. Breakfast service was very good. Quiet fan in bathroom greatly appreciated. Would have liked a club chair in the room. Front desk needs a bell to call staff in the evenings.
Rating: 5
Text: A great experience.  I was checked in by Darryl and was checked out by Darryl.  He was a great representation of the hotel as he was very professional and friendly as well as accomedating.  He had a great attitude and presented very well.  While I was checking in, he had other guest wanting to ask questions and the phone was ringing and he was able to manage all of the task really well.  The hotel is a little dark, even in the rooms so additional light would be great.  Great experience at this property.
