Comfort Inn Walcott near Davenport
Rating: 2
Text: The rooms are clean but our room smells musty.  The nightstand drawer won't stay closed, the bathroom door will not stay closed unless you latch it.  Dangerous in the dark.  To lock the safety lock on the door, you have to lean your shoulder into it.  We stayed in a Comfort Inn in Sidney NE last night and there is no comparison.  We are even paying more here than in Sidney.  Even with the fan on constant, truck noise.  Breakfast was pretty good other than they ran out of decaf coffee.
Rating: 1
Text: Upon arrival it looks nice, service was friendly, however I went to take a shower and grabbed a towel to wipe my face... there was a cockroach looking bug on it... as well as showering in a moldy tub.. I let it go for sake of being a fluke.. However we return to the room and realize these bugs are all over!! Around the bed, in front of the door, on our towels!!! I'm so disgusted had it been possible to up and leave at the moment we would have however we are 6 hours for home. I showered with mold and bugs, I slept with bugs, I am so upset you can not even begin to understand my frustration.. And to top that it was $150.00!!! If you enjoy bugs and mold this is the place for you.
Rating: 4
Text: I found a room here for my wife who was travelling with a truck and car in tow. Front desk staff (Danielle) was very friendly and helpful. Hotel is easy to find and has good parking - just don't go down the front of the building with a truck/trailer - you'll have to back out as the road doesn't go all the way around. Room reported clean, bed comfortable. Breakfast good.
Rating: 3
Text: Hotel is currently being remodeled.   Understandably things are not up to par.   However, work had stopped when I arrived.  It had not started when I left the next day.   The lobby was heaped with materials and equipment.   The vending machine for pop was signed out of order - see desk.   They had pop for sale, but not the Diet Coke that was in the machine.   The other vending machine was 75% empty, and the coin slot was jammed.   The third floor ice machine only produced noise.   Pluses were a good mattress.   The room was nearly clean.   Both the lid and the seat were up on the toilet.   I assume someone was interrupted in the process of cleaning.   The bowl needed brushed.  FYI, there is an interstate on one side of the building, and a truck stop on another.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice and breakfast buffet too. Too bad alarm clock sounded off at midnight. Hmm comfy bed though.
