Comfort Inn & Suites Maumee - Toledo (I80-90)
Rating: 4
Text: I had a wonderful stay. The bed and pillows were extremely comfortable. The hotel was very clean. My room had microwave and refrigerator. The price was very reasonable. The staff were very accommodating and professional. I would absolutely stay here again. The only negative I have is that I wish breakfast was served longer.
Rating: 1
Text: First, I'd like to point out that we did not stay here.  However, we had the unfortunate experience of dealing with the rude front desk staff.  I didn't realize that there were 2 Comfort Inns within 1/2 a mile from each other and we arrived at this one in error on 7/6/17.  It was 11 pm and there was no one at the front desk nor a button or bell that I have seen at other hotels to press.  I am an understanding person and I get people step away for a bit to use the restroom or whatever.  We waited about 10 min then my husband dialed the front desk, let it ring for several minutes, and it sounded as though the portable phone was left on the desk.  The staff then wandered up from down the hall and with an extremely rude attitude asked if she could help us, as if we were bothering her.  Barely made eye contact, never smiled, and everything out of her mouth had an attitude. 
 Turned out we showed up at the wrong Comfort Inn but nothing excuses the miserable customer service and I'm glad we were wrong.  Showed up at the other Comfort Inn (on Reynolds Rd) and were greeted by 2 friendly women who checked us in with a friendly demeanor, asked if we had any questions, and let us know if we needed anything to either call or stop down as one of them would be there at all times.
Rating: 5
Text: Check in was very nice, fast and no issues. Room was large and exactly as described, staff was friendly. Pool was large and well maintained. Breakfast was nice with a variety of items. Hotel is in a nice quiet location close to many restaurants and shopping. Close to major highways. Overall very nice experience would stay again.
Rating: 2
Text: First room someone smoked in it and the odor was unbearable, moved to another room had no toilet paper, the maid cleaned at the room didn't replace towels, desk was not cleaned just all around not good. Only good thing was the breakfast they served was rather good.
Rating: 4
Text: We have stayed here previously and have been very happy with this hotel for the price. The location is very convenient, the rooms are clean and comfortable, and the free breakfast is excellent. Our kids really enjoy the pool, though we adults found it a bit chilly and missed the hot tub which must have been removed sometime in the past year. We would definitely stay here again when passing through this area.
