Comfort Inn Kansas City / Airport
Rating: 5
Text: The employees are all very nice and welcoming. From front desk down the line to maintenance men the facility runs happily by the backbone of smiling employees. Clean entrance and tucked away all the while. Nice pool room and gym. Breakfast is big they don't cut corners. All in all a wonderful stay
Rating: 1
Text: My husband and I didn't even stay five minutes. We walked into our room on the first floor and immediately noticed the water damage to the walls. It smelled wet and musty. The lamp by the couch did not work and probably so that you wouldn't notice the black mold forming on the wall above! I went into the bathroom and mold around the edge of the tub. Gross. We went to front desk and other than "sorry" all the clerk could say is "I don't know how our housekeepers missed that." Well if I can see it in two seconds you should darn well be able to see it! Went to another room and smelled the same way, only a fresh paint smell too. Ya. Probably painted over the mold to hide it. Nope. Never again. I don't normally review places but this is a matter of public safety!
Rating: 5
Text: Location is great, very close to the airport. Staff was friendly. Lemon water was refreshing. Pool was nice.
Only issue is the door to the outside is rigged to slam with so much force that it will wake up anyone close to it each time someone enters or exits. 
Odds are, you won't get one of those rooms so you should be good =) 
Rating: 5
Text: I had to stay here because another KC hotel dropped the ball. Go check my review on the quality inn on North Cambridge. In contact, customer service here was amazing. They worked with us at 10:30 at night, got us a room, and it was a very comfortable room. This is not a 5 star hotel by any means, but they achieve, very impressively, everything they set out to be. I will definitely stay at this hotel again if I need lodging in KC.
Rating: 2
Text: I was here over labor day weekend. Very friendly on Saturday and Sunday. Monday morning headed down to breakfast at 930am to find out they closed at 9. But the welcome packet said it closes at 10am on holidays. So my family couldn't eat since it was already closed down. When I went down to the front desk to complain they said sorry the book hasn't been updated he would have them fix it. They got rude with us while we were trying to get some food that was left out still. They said we closed at 9 everything is already taken down you should have came down sooner. There was another family that came down also and they couldn't eat either. This experience overshadowed everything I will not be staying here again.
