Comfort Inn O'Hare - Convention Center
Rating: 1
Text: We had to stay at the Comfort Inn due to fight delay. It is by far the worst experience we had staying at any hotel. The check in clerk was unprofessional and emotionally unstable. She did not great us, nor did she treat us with any respect. She referred to  me as "whom ever this is" by looking at our reservation provided by AA airline. When I questioned why she wouldn't address me by name, she said that she can't pronounce it. It is to my disbelief that she reasoned for her bad service for "I had a tough day too", and, she yelled at us, the stranded and stressed travelers for being rude.  This is beyond unpleasant and simply insulting. I am an Asian American and I hate to say that this is racially motivated, but one can't help but wonder. We will never stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: The check in process went smoothly - it didn't take long, the staff were friendly, and overall it was a pleasant experience. The rooms were nice, though slightly dark even with all the lights on. But that wasn't really a big inconvenience. A nearby restaurant was able to deliver directly to our room, so after traveling for close to 24 hours, it felt like a luxury. The complimentary breakfast was really nice to have access to, as it was convenient and overall a great deal! Lastly, their shuttle service to and from the airport was also a really nice service provided by the hotel, and it was nice to be only about 15 minutes away from the airport.
Rating: 5
Text: Great value!!!! great staff!!!! The rooms were renovated and modern!!!! Close to airport and walking distance of the Allstate arena (less than a mile)! I got an extra discount for having AAA, I feel like I could have paid more, and based on the accommodations, it would have been justified
Rating: 3
Text: Good staff and service. I chose this hotel for the shuttle service to take me to the school for the 2 weeks I am staying here. Was informed this morning that the shuttle is no longer available due to a group of trade show attendees. Talk about inconvenient. Now I have to spend more money for an uber everyday. I would recommend contacting the hotel before booking to ensure the service.
Rating: 1
Text: Nice hotel but customer service seems to be an unknown word to them. I was really thinking that a Comfort Hotel being part of Choice Hotels would be reliable and be customer oriented but I could not be more wrong. The manager of the hotel ignores you once their view on the dispute  was shared and Choice hotels customer support did not even get back to me after contacting them. A mistakes can always happen but what makes a customer come back is how the problem was dealt with. Next reservation will for sure not be with any of the Choice Hotels.
