Comfort Inn & Suites Kansas City - Northeast
Rating: 4
Text: Traveling home from the Ozarks and found out there was a Monday Night Football game in KC.   This hotel is about 10 minutes from Arrowhead Stadium.  It was an older hotel, but well kept, clean, friendly, helpful staff, and extremely quiet for a full hotel.  The showers were great, as were the beds. really comfortable.   Would definitely stay here again when in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: The people at the front desk were courteous and helpful.  There was plenty of hot and cold breakfast foods to choose from up until 9:30am. The location is very convenient to World of Fun and to Arrowhead Stadium.
Rating: 5
Text: Getting checked in was very easy. The room was clean and as we where traveling with a dog they were very friendly even willing to clean our room first so that we could take the dog out while they cleaned. Breakfast has been nice and plentiful. Seating in the lobby can get tight but we always found space to sit. The room was set to a comfortable temperature and the room was nicely sized the only fault of the room is the bathroom is tight with the door swinging inward.
Rating: 1
Text: During our stay at Comfort Inn Suites,
1a.we were located at the very end of the hall next to the doorway, ice machine and stairway. There was an extreme amount of noise coming from these locations 
1b. As well as the noise above our room. My guess was children running back and forth in there room from 7am on. I called front desk and complained.
2. There was a hole in the bathroom door. We made sure they knew was not from us as soon as we entered the room. 
3. The bed was the most uncomfortable bed I have ever slept in. There was a padded cover on the bed in attempts to make it better but truthfully it felt like that pad was just over the box spring and thats what we slept on. 
4. To top it all off there was a Roach in my bed when i got out of it that morning. (I have a photograph.
Rating: 5
Text: The room was clean and having free breakfast is always convenient... The staff welcomed us every time we walked in and spoke to us every time we left...and they went out of their way to help us when we had a very early morning departure. I would definitely stay here again.
