Comfort Inn Northeast
Rating: 5
Text: The room and hotel was super clean and extremely comfortable! The free breakfast was awesome! Lots of choices, you can even make waffles! Honestly, the best hot breakfast I've had at any hotel chain! Also less than ten minutes from Kings Island. This was my second stay and I will stay again!
Rating: 5
Text: Exelente.  One of the best comfort i been.  Super clean. Good beds. And the staff is maybe they best assets. Good parking too.  Plus near restaurants, stores etc.
Rating: 5
Text: The Staff at this hotel go over and above what they need to do to make a person comfortable. They are very helpful in every way. They seem to leave nothing to chance. They do not wait for you to bring up an issue ( which I had none) they ask you in advance, "how was the room, how did you sleep, was everything ok, can I get anything for you, let me help you with your breakfast service," etc. I would highly recommend this place for personal or business stay. I have stayed here at least 6 to 8 times. Every time they are improving something and the upkeep is great. I go to a conference in Milford every year and stay at this motel every year. it is about 20 minutes from the conference but the value, hospitality, and the accommodations are worth my drive. I have recommended this place to others who have stayed and said thanks for sharing this place with us. I can not say enough good things about this place. And unless you think that somehow I am connected to this establishment, I am a Baptist preacher that lives in Holland, Mi. with absolutely no ties to this place or the staff at all. Thank you Comfort Inn.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms were clean enough but the maids don't speak any English so it was hard communicating with them. Wifi worked well enough and the pool was okay. Breakfast was sub par but it is what it is. I wish they had peanut butter with breakfast, ended up buying my own at a store to use. I would probably stay again to save money because it was decent.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice place to stay. The room was very clean breakfast was great and I can not say enough about the customer service.  Aaron is the gentleman that waited on us at check-in and check out. He was very pleasant very hospitable. I would definitely recommend this place.
