Comfort Inn South
Rating: 1
Text: I requested a double room with 2 beds that is the only reason I wanted to stay at this hotel. I was given a king at check in for my uncle and myself. I explained we needed 2 beds. They said sorry for our mistake and upgraded us to a king suite. I thought great. Went up to the room, still only one bed. I asked where the other bed was, they said there is no other bed. They said they could send a rollaway and there is the couch. I said great does the couch pull out she said no you can just sleep on it. I asked for a room with 2 beds they said there is none in the hotel. I requested the rollaway and for them to make it up. They did not make it up when we returned late at night, and they just gave me one sheet no blanket. I had the worst night sleep ever. It was so uncomfortable I kept rolling in the middle. Not only that the Jacuzzi in the middle of the room had tiles falling off and the paint was coming down in the bathroom. The worst experience ever!!!!! I told them when I checked out and the got a shoulder shrug.
Rating: 5
Text: Got in late and our room wouldn't open.  Staff was AWESOME did everything they could to make us comfortable? and were extremely nice and friendly.  For the next four nights we have been here the staff has been on point the whole time, no matter what time day or night.  Oh and the rooms are spacious, clean, and very comfortable.
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed 4 nights. Room smells bad.  Bedding has stains and holes.  Light shining thru window and cannot close curtain without blocking air conditioner.  Air conditioner does not provide fresh cool air, room is muggy and uncomfortable.  Shower pipes squeak loudly.

Next night moved to different city and stayed in a different brand hotel for approx same cost.  It was like night and day, the second stay was actually a very nice hotel not a cheap dump like the comfort inn.  Should be charging half what I paid per night.

Do not stay here, it's not worth the cost.  This is a budget hotel for standard hotel rate.
Rating: 5
Text: Underwent some recent renovations. Had a nice breakfast. Convenient location
Rating: 4
Text: Great place to sleep at, much better then surrounding choices. The front end staff is friendly and funny after forgetting our keycards in the room. Only downside is, the room is dated.
