Comfort Inn & Suites Riverview
Rating: 5
Text: The staff at this Comfort Inn was spectacular! Friendly doesn't even begin to describe how accommodating the staff was. We were in town for a wedding. We have two small children. The staff let us into our room 4 hours early so or son could nap!  Everybody went out of their way to say hello and smile at us. Not just my wife and I but my children as well. One lady let me in to the exercise room, which was closed for painting, just so I could get the water for my child out of the water cooler instead of the tap. Her idea! Not mine! Clean large rooms. A great view of the river. There was tons of food at breakfast and it lasted until checkout it seemed. There were plenty of clean dry towels at the pool. There was delicious lemon water in the lobby. There staff just really knows what they're doing, and it shows. 
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give no stars I would.  Called to change my reservation by one day and the price went up.  When I asked about it, Kayla did not state but instead was defensive to put it nicely.  Kayla then stated she did not know why.  I asked if it could be corrected to the original price if I moved back to the original dates, instead it again went up in cost.  Kayla did not understand and was disrespectful when I asked about it.  She then raised her voice and stated she couldn't do anything about it.  So, I asked for it to be cancelled.  She became sarcastic and rude and stated fine I will cancel it and have a wonderful night.    Called the 1800 number to find out it never got cancelled.  Really....so I booked at another hotel for around the same price.  Great, respectful front desk service at the other hotel.  Just sad didn't even get to stay and had bad service, so I can only imagine if we would have stayed.....
Rating: 3
Text: Only reason I am giving it a 3 is because of the view. Yes you can see the water if you look past a few buildings and a road. I expected it to be on the water from their description and their cost. 

Other than that it was very comfortable and clean. The breakfast was good and served until 10 which was nice. Parking wasn't the best and they do allow pets so be prepared if you have a pet allergy.
Rating: 4
Text: Bed was comfortable. Overall great quality for the money. Loud train might wake you up. Everything as expected
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome and very friendly staff! We had made a mistake with our reservations (accidentally made the reservation for the wrong night, completely our fault) and the staff was very accommodating in finding us a room. We had a wonderful experience, the room was great, had a wonderful view, and was in a wonderful location. I would definitely recommend this location for your stay!
