Comfort Inn & Suites Omaha Central
Rating: 5
Text: Let's be honest. When I read a hotel room it's based on what I'm getting for the money. This is one of the best values I have experienced as this is the nicest Comfort Inn I have stayed in my 25 years on the road. 

First off the place is big. The lobby, the pool, and rooms themselves are bigger than a typical chaik hotel. The bed was very comfy and the new remodel of the hotel inside made it feel more like a Sheraton. Of course, a Sheraton doesn't give you a complimentary breakfast and costs almost twice as much.  

Great hotel a block off the interstate. Oh and the woman working the desk had a great personality, unlike most of the robots that hold that job I run into. Great new find for my trips to Omaha.
Rating: 3
Text: Ms Mina needs to come to my house and eat breakfast with me every morning.  She started our days RIGHT.  She was a breath of fresh air down in the cafe.  Triple queen family suite was great for making small meals and snacks with our large group of 10. Pool was nice sized but not heated.  NO hot tub.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful suite. Was at a convention across the street that was all booked up. But I was not disappointed in my stay at comfort inn. Besides the mix up on my room. We was supposed to get a Jacuzzi suite, but somehow we had a note from a manager to give us a business suite at a cheaper rate. Still disappointed in not getting a Jacuzzi room I really was looking foreword too the soak. They really should have called us to inform about the change.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I stayed there for 3 weeks due to my mother in law being ill, she passed away during our stay, and the staff was amazing from the first moment we arrived Anne, Victoria and Tyler the front desk staff were the most professional, caring and patient people I have ever ran across.  They love their jobs and they care about their customers.  The cleaning staff and everyone was so polite, rooms were super clean, breakfast was awesome, and the restaurant and rates were great.    We will go back!!!!!!!!!
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms are clean and the staff is nice. The entire place is non-smoking which to me is great. It's missing little things like a fridge in the room. I had to go get towels both days of my stay because even though there is four of us, they only leave two to three towels, but that isn't a huge issue. I just go get more towels and they gladly give us extras. Breakfast isn't over the top fantastic, but it's hot and included and sure beats a continental breakfast. I wish there were a little more to the fitness room. Overall, for the price, it was a very nice stay. It does what you need for an affordable place to stay with included breakfast!
