Comfort Inn Airport Turfway Road
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was clean and cleaned well every day.  We were treated by nice, friendly staff.  The hot breakfast was very good offering a variety of choices, eggs/bacon, waffles, oatmeal/grits, hard-boiled eggs, yogurt, and some fruit.   I thought it was very good for the value.

It was also very easy to turn left out of the road fro the parking lot onto Houston? and find I-75.  We walked across parking lots to 2 good restaurants which was very convenient.

We stayed here to be between The Ark Encounter and the Creation Museum as well as Cincinnati.  It was a convenient location to all 3.
Rating: 4
Text: This place is really nice. The beds are comfy, there's a microwave in the room, & the bathroom is nice too. The only problem is the breakfast wasnt too good, and there were people that were really loud above us because the floors are fairly thin. Other than that, I'd recommend this place
Rating: 4
Text: Me and my family booked 5 rooms at the hotel for two nights. My room is very spacious, big enough for us to put an air mattress next to the King sized? bed (which we did) and is clean. We keep our house cool at night so a working A/C unit is important to us, this one kept the room nice and cold. When it comes to the bathroom, I'll start by saying that we had no complaints, other than no extra rolls of toilet paper. Some of our other family said they had no extra rolls in their bathrooms as well. While in the lobby one person spoke with the receptionist at the front desk about the issue and her comment was that "they were under staffed and the manager doesn't want to hire anyone else". Not sure if it's the truth, but it's what she said. The breakfast was good, as good as hotel food gets. The fruit was fresh and they seemed to have all the basic equipment you see in hotels these days. Bottom line, if I was in the area I'd stay another night here. Hope they get the toilet paper situation figured out.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice staff and super comfy pillows and mattress. A decent hot breakfast came with the price of the room, trouble-free WiFi, all the amenities. Very nice visit. We will come back. 
Strangely, we heard the very busy footsteps of someone on the floor above us very clearly and they seemed to be walking around a lot!
Rating: 2
Text: My wife and I stayed here 3 years ago and it was an excellent experience.  This time (Aug '17), not so much.   The room we were assigned on the 3rd floor smelled like an old attic that had not been opened up for years.  Our request to be moved to another room on another floor was granted.  It too smelled very musty and damp.  As though the sprinkler system had gone off at some point and the room never recovered.   We were finally assigned a room on the 1st floor which, while not terrible, still smelled of a flood.  We even said to the the Mgr: "If the carpets have just been cleaned, please just say so."  He said, no.  But we later noticed that there were wedges placed under the legs of the wooden furniture apparently to keep them off of a wet carpet.  As we were there only from about 1am to 10am, we tolerated the experience.  But we will not return.
