Comfort Suites North
Rating: 5
Text: The best place to stay in the Elkhart or surrounding area! This hotel is up to date with the modern look & feel. There are plenty of outlets in all the rooms for cell phones and laptops. Even the breakfast table in the lobby has built in outlets! This hotel has the quickest access to the interstate and sets by the best restaurants in the area. Ruth, Taylor and all the staff treat you like family and I'm sure you'll be back!
Rating: 1
Text: Looks are deceiving! This hotel looks nice but it was one of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had.

My experience began with a toilet that was stopped up as soon as we used it. That was fixed and we continued our stay. Besides noticing the smoke alarm hanging from the ceiling and a few things in the room not very clean, we noticed there was apparently a family that checked in the room directly above us. We knew this because, for SEVERAL hours, the kids ran back and forth from their door to their window CONSTANTLY!! This finally stopped around 10:30pm. When I got into my bed to try and relax and watch TV, I felt a strange tickle on my right shin. After a couple times moving my leg, I pulled back the covers to find a large, dark hair!! I was horrified but also exhausted. So I simply removed the hair, inspected the rest of the bed and went to sleep.

Since I had nowhere to spend time while my step-daughter was at the wedding, I asked the young lady at the desk in the morning about a possible late check out. Instead of a customer friendly response, she spouted, "I'm only going to go to noon!". To top things off, at 11:03am, the cleaning lady knocked on my door asking when I planned to check out!

I sent this information in an email to, both the general manager's email address listed on the website and "Choice Hotels" and have been subsequently ignored.

I would highly recommend looking elsewhere if you plan to stay in this area.
Rating: 2
Text: Facilities and staff were good. Things seemed clean. The breakfast was not as good as I've had elsewhere. There could be more variety, there was no bacon or scrambled eggs. Mainly, there was a lot of strange people hanging about the place. Some would hang outside and talk to themselves. Others would be outside smoking and making off comments to passersby. I don't know what attracts these guests here, but it would be a much nicer place otherwise.
Rating: 5
Text: Room was very clean. Staff was polite and helpful. The location is decent. It is the last hotel down a hotel row. The location males it quiet but harder to walk to the nearby eateries.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice hotel, spacious suite room, staff were wonderful. Only concern I had is no one came around to check on us or let us know what was going on when the power went out last night! ?
