Comfort Suites Jefferson City
Rating: 2
Text: Had an immediate bad impression when the staff argued with me about not being able to bring my daughter's service dog in the hotel. I explained our situation, showed his registration ID and assured her that he wears a vest identifying him, etc. She repeatedly told me that "pets aren't allowed". I continued to explain that he is not a pet, it is against the Americans with Disabilities Act to turn us away, and it even says on Comfort Inn's website that Service Animals are allowed. I finally asked to speak with her supervisor and was told she was the only one working. I requested that she please call. She walked away, I heard her supervisor say that "yes, we do allow service animals" and she responded very annoyed "Oh, we do?"... She walked back out and then informed me that her supervisor was going to "make an exception" just this one time.....
Please educate your staff better. She was extremely unprofessional and interacted with us like she had better things to do. 
The rest of the hotel was fine. Room was clean, pool was fun for the kids, and breakfast was good. Would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't for the rude staff.
Rating: 4
Text: The Comfort Suites in Jefferson City, MO was very clean and the staff friendly and helpful. This was a very quiet facility as well. I stayed 2 nights from Sunday evening until Tuesday. The only things I would suggest are better lighting in the bathroom and perhaps an exhaust fan. I take very hot showers and it is a pain to have the entire bathroom fill with steam. A very minor thing. I would recommend this facility.
Rating: 4
Text: Large, clean rooms. Spacious bathrooms. Friendly staff. Fast check in. WiFi mediocre. Breakfast mediocre. No views. Entrance to Parking lot is VERY steep. Close to highway. Plenty of delivery options.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel! We stayed in a two room with 2 king beds. Super comfortable beds. Easy check in. Good enough breakfast. Easy to find. Super sized hot tub. Nice pool. Would definitely return.
Rating: 4
Text: Friendly staff, nice room, comfy bed, free breakfast and wifi. My only complaint is the cleaning staff didn't do the best job cleaning the room. She left the towels on the floor and the trash wasn't emptied. Also, the door was left open, so I got concerned when I came back to my room, however, I talked to one of the supervisors, and she said she would address it with her staff, so I'm happy with the employee response. Overall, nice stay.
