Comfort Suites Downtown
Rating: 1
Text: This used to seem like a good place with friendly staff but things appear to have changed substantially. The place is under construction so if you enjoy being woke by the sound of hammers this is the place for you. The staff will do nothing to make your stay more comfortable so don't bother even asking. Just look at the van in the parking lot with the smashed windows, looks like a good place to leave your vehicle. And just to add insult to injury they are so over priced for what you get. 
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing selection of new and vintage Cubans. The shop owner is a wonderful well knowlegeded gentleman. I continue to go back to this shop every time I visit Windsor.
Rating: 1
Text: I needed a place to stay to visit my daughter and I chose this one, big mistake , furniture in the room is cracked, peeling very dirty. The lady at the front desk was quite concern about the damage we may cause, which I took as it happens a lot here. Bathroom had hair from other people in it. The hall way carpet looks like someone with muddy boots walked in they are so badly stained. I paid 178$  for this place so not worth it!
Rating: 3
Text: Room was quite outdated and there were giant garbage bins blocking off parts of the parking lot. Our window looked out into said garbage bins so the view had much to be desired. Something like having an electrical socket beside the bed now a days would be expected. As for what came with the room we had everything that was advertised. Some of the staff felt unwelcoming. While checking in it almost seemed like we did something wrong just by booking with them. At least some of the cleaning staff were a bit more friendly when we passed by in the halls. The breakfast was nice and had a good amount of selection to choose from. Though the limited table space sometimes made it feel a bit cramped with all the guests staying over a long weekend.
Rating: 5
Text: Deborah was phenomenal. She is polite and professional and goes above and beyond her job duties to provide an exceptional customer service experience.  Thank You!
