Comfort Inn & Suites Event Center
Rating: 5
Text: I love staying at this Hotel. The rooms are clean, well stocked. The staff are friendly and helpful. Price is reasonable. Pool is well maintained. Even an exercise and laundry room.
Rating: 5
Text: A VERY GOOD PLACE TO STAY AND GREAT STAFF.  They will help you the best they can and have great ideas were to eat also. The rooms are very nice and comfortable and they have a good river view if you ask for one, because the top  floor has the best view.  I WOULD BE VERY HAPPY TO SUGGEST THIS HOTEL FOR A STAY.
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE. If all the hotels are sold out, go outside of Des Moines, get an AirBnb, sleep outside, literally ANYTHING is better than this hotel. 

When I walked into the hotel to check-in, there was a fight happening right in the lobby of the hotel - a guest was screaming and threatening to fight the manager, and myself just for being there. I should have taken this as a sign to get the heck out of there, but I gave the hotel the benefit of the doubt - any hotel can have an irrational guest.  

The check-in process was very slow and the rooms were EXTREMELY dirty. The first room I was in had mold/dirt in bathroom and was hot and humid. The air conditioner didn't work and when I called to switch rooms, I was hung-up on by the front desk.  I called back and the front desk told me that the fan was not supposed to blow air (literally the only purpose of a fan is to blow air) and gave me lots of attitude when I asked for a new room, even complaining to another co-worker while I was still on the line with them.  

My new room had a HUGE stain that I tried to cover up by using the decorative blanket on the bed as a rug.  I tried to take a shower and the water never got hot and the stream of water coming out of the shower head was laughable - hardly anything came out and it wasn't a shower of water, more of a single stream..  Then, I decide to climb into bed and there was makeup on the sheets... (Of course, why did I expect anything different?)

The next morning, the breakfast/cleaning guy ACTUALLY screamed at me when I kindly asked him to change the channel back on the TV after he changed it when I was the only one in the breakfast nook. He and another cleaning person then talked about me literally right behind my back as I sat quietly trying to eat my breakfast while they cleaned the tables around me. 

I was never given an apology - for the fight, the attitude, the broken air conditioner, the dirty room, the fact I had to change rooms, the screaming... nothing. The staff here was checked out and totally uninterested in anything going on and all the staff that I interacted with were rude and snotty. 

I was later told by a local that this is a known drug-deal/prostitution hotel. Guys… I cannot make this stuff up.  This was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. Stay far, far away. I don't even want to give it one star, but Google doesn't have an option for less.
Rating: 4
Text: A pretty standard hotel experience. Room was a little on the small size, but had a nice view and I nice bathroom. there's a shallow pool (around 4 feet at deepest), and no hot tub. The continental breakfast was excellent, with many options and a make your own waffle station.
Rating: 4
Text: We've stayed here several times for various concerts & sporting events next door at Wells Fargo/Iowa Events Center. We've always had a friendly check-in & clean rooms with a great view of the river (on East side) & capital building dome. Have always rested comfortably & continental breakfast gets us on our way
