Comfort Inn & Suites Davenport - Quad Cities
Rating: 5
Text: This is one of the best hotels. The rooms were nice and clean, I was happy and my family was happy and for the price I have a great deal.
I will stay here again, again and again.
Rating: 5
Text: Big clean rooms. Everyone of the staff was very friendly and helpful. Easy access from I 80 and several good restaurants nearby. Plus if you want breakfast it is free. All in all it is a great place to stop and unwind. 
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel in a great neighborhood! Just remember to book online to get any deals.

Edit: Actually, I didn't get a deal because I booked online, but after taking a brief survey and explaining the situation I was refunded the 15%. Great customer service! I will definitely be staying there again. 
Rating: 4
Text: Large, comfortable room. Good breakfast. Friendly, helpful staff at check-in. Very small fitness center. Located next door to truck stop, but not overly noisy.
Rating: 3
Text: We needed a place to stay so we could take our guinea pig to the vet the next morning. I called before booking and was told a guinea pig would be fine. When I got there to check in I was told they don't accept them, "but they would allow it this one time." The front desk clerk was not friendly, especially about the guinea pig. I didn't like that she made it like a favor to me. She mentioned that when the manager saw that I wrote in the description that I was bringing the pig that he didn't allow it. So not sure why he didn't call and discuss it with me before hand. I reserved the room a week before.

We stayed in a 2 queen room. The room was much bigger than I expected. The beds were very firm and very uncomfortable to my husband and I. Neither of us slept well. 

The breakfast was OK. Cereal, toast, danishes, scrambled eggs, sausage, warm ham and cheese sandwiches, hard boiled eggs, yogurt, waffles...

The pool was great. The water was warm and the pool room was warm, as well. My children ages 1.5 & 7 enjoyed it very much! 

I don't think I would stay in this hotel again.
