Comfort Suites O'Hare Airport
Rating: 5
Text: I really enjoyed my stay here. I was only in town for two nights and this place was in the perfect location. It was clean and the staff was amazing. I used the Shuttle for just about everything on my last day and even after check-out they held by bags so I could shop before getting on my plane. Fast check-in, great food and drinks at the bar. I definitely recommend this place to anyone traveling on business or personal.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms are clean, bed is nice and comfortable. The room itself was nice and served it's purpose. The additional services this place provides is what was lacking for me. We arrived at the O'Hare airport, called for a pickup and waited over an hour to be picked up. The front desk forgot to inform the driver that there were guests at the international arrival terminal. Overall, the rooms served their purpose and assuming the front desk is not overly busy, the service was acceptable.
Rating: 3
Text: The room was clean; bed was comfortable; breakfast was awesome. I will almost give them 5 stars for their price until I saw my bill. 

I have paid unrefundable price when I booked our rooms. When getting receipt in the morning of our last day, I noticed there were $20 extra charge for each room. The front desk told me it was other tax beyond state, city, and county tax. I’m confused why the tax hidden from online. 

When we checked in they told us breakfast is offered from 6am to 9am. Our last day we had to leave earlier so we went there 6:45am. The door was closed and front desk told us it won’t opened until 7am. There were a couple of other upset customers besides me.
Rating: 3
Text: When we checked in the front desk was prompt but not overly courteous. They gave us our keys and as we were heading to the elevators she rudely remark that we would need to move our vehicle because we were parked in shuttle parking. Unfortunately, it was very late at night and they had two events booked that evening so there was no parking in their typical Lots. We went upstairs and to our surprise the room that we were assigned was already occupied. We went downstairs and were greeted with an apology but no upgrade even after seeming like it would be an inconvenience to put us in the same kind of room that we had reserved. The rest of the trip went as planned. Breakfast was decent yet chaotic however the people who were running the breakfast were very sweet. Check out was prompt. She did tell me she was going to take the safe see off and never did.
Rating: 4
Text: Good location for where I needed to be. (Nearby, in the city). Despite the name it is not somewhere on airport property, but not too far away. Room was spacious and clean, and the free breakfast was okay. Usual sorts of things, waffle makers, sausage pastries, cereal, etc., better than some I have had.
