Comfort Inn East
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed at Comfort Inn East for three nights and the room was moderate sized and clean. Beds are firm and each bed provides 4 pillows. My room had a refrigerator and a microwave. The staff was friendly and polite. The breakfast included fruit, waffles, yogurt, pastries, eggs, sausage links, cereals, oatmeal, water, juice and milk. I will typically stay at this hotel or the sleep inn off of i280 when I visit the area. Hey are always consistent and moderately priced.
Rating: 3
Text: The room was decent. Had an odd smell when we first got the room but with time, it got better. The beds were okay for 1 person but if 2 were sleeping in a queen bed, they rolled towards the center. The bathroom was nice but the lighting wasn't the best. The biggest disappointment was that the outdoor pool was closed because they had a leak. Not the hotel's fault, but still disappointing. It looked very nice and had a nice area to sit around on lounge chairs or at tables. The breakfast was good. A nice selection of things and everything was well stocked. Overall a good experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Pool for my kids. Very nice staff. Great complimentary breakfast selection. Accommodating to my children. Staff were very talkative and friendly. Rooms were clean. My two boys (6 and 8 years old) and I were very comfortable and happy with our stay.
Rating: 3
Text: It's definitely comfy! And clean which is of utmost importance... However, the hotel is definitely older. We had quite a few things that need repairing in our room like the closet door was just leaning against the wall and the shower rod was bent keeping the curtain from staying closed. But it was spacious and four girls were able to get ready in the room with no problem. Pretty solid hotel, just.. Old hehe
Rating: 3
Text: The reason why I took off 2 stars is because of the cleanliness of the room and the pool was closed. There was a pillow that had a blood stain on it. The blanket had a couple stains on it too. The sink in the bathroom was clogging up and the closet sliding door was broken. In the morning it was cold so we turned on the heat and the air coming out of the heat smelled so horrible. Besides all that the good thing is the breakfast and that there is a lot of fast food near the hotel.
