Commercial Hotel B & B
Rating: 5
Text: A nice little hotel just on Main Street.  7 rooms with bath.  A perfect place for a reunion.  Beth, the owner had our rooms ready after a reunion had departed.  We had the hotel to ourselves the entire night. The hotel consists of  A large kitchen and dinning room; a lounge  and a historical lobby area all but one of the bedrooms is upstairs.  All seem to be en-suite with more than adequate showers.  The beds were comfortable and WiFi free along with cable TV.  We had a quiet night and breakfast was next door.  We did awake to the smell of dinner rolls being made for the State Fair by the owner's daughter.  Unfortunately no samples were given. But if she didn't win a blue ribbon it wasn't because they didn't smell delicious!   The place does need more light (bulbs)...
Rating: 5
Text: Cozy place.
Rating: 5
Text: We had no problem getting reservations the night we stayed.  We heard it was full the previous nights before.  This is not your typical 5 Star Hotel.  It is a modernized throw-back to 1901 the year it was built with more modern updates that include larger rooms with bathrooms.  It is very charming with a old time feeling with the decor.  We found the beds to be very comfortable.  It has a fully equipped kitchen with the necessary amenities.  It has a dining area that could seat 40+ people.  It has a large deck on both the upper and lower levels with a patio that is great entertaining.  I did not try the internet since we were so busy enjoying the hotel and the other guests..  They do have small TV's in each room and a larger TV in the Parlor.  The breakfast next door at the Cozy Corner Cafe is great.  It is a nice place to dine if you want a small atmosphere with good food.  They had fresh baked rolls when we were there.  Since the included breakfast was so filling we didn't have the opportunity to try them out.  We did watch the locals come in and purchase the baked goods.  I would highly recommend this lovely hotel. 
Rating: 4
Text: We had an enjoyable, relaxing time here. When we arrived, the smell of resh baked cinammon rolls still lingered in the air. Beth is a sweet hostess, and runs the Cozy Corner Cafe right next door. In fact, this is where you have your choice of breakfast. The rooms are comfortable and clean. Very antique, charming. The history of the hotel and the town add to the ambiance. The back deck is quiet and a great place to read, talk or take a nap! Verdigre is nestled in the rolling hills of Nebraska, flanked by rivers, cornfields and farms. It is simply beautiful, particularly this time of year. The town is small, about 500 people. Early morning chatter in the cafe among the local men makes you feel right at home. Since it is a small town, there are not alot of dinner options, which is not a problem beause the Cozy Corner Cafe serves lunch and dinner as well. The food is good. We plan to return every year.
Rating: 3
Text: 
