Cooper's Landing Campgrounds & Marina
Rating: 5
Text: My kids and I camped here this weekend and we will definitely be returning. The staff and residents were very hospitable and welcoming. The campsite was clean and quiet. The Thai food was delicious. The music was enjoyable. All of the fall colors along the Missouri River were stunning. I couldn't have asked for a better weekend.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I stayed here on a whim.  We found it to be clean, the people to be friendly, and the stay to be affordable.  They had some great music, great Thai food and a convenience store with beer.  We definitely plan on returning.  Oh, and the crowd here was really nice.
Rating: 5
Text: Lovely lovely Place. Write on a Missouri River. They have a convenience store and beer. They have gasoline for your power boat. They have a landing at a takeout. David dock. They have plenty of campgrounds. It's really a cool spot. Everybody is really nice. I have not met a person I didn't like their. It's easy to get to from Columbia. It has two directions you can come from, both are very beautiful. Everybody is very helpful. There's a lot of art going on down there. And even some super fresh Thai food. Bands play there frequently individuals play there all the time Arby's there sometimes look at it there too. they have in FB page. Check it out, you won't be disappointed no matter who you are. Or what you are dressed in. It's a great place for a sunset. It's great place for midnight. It's great place for... Anything.
Rating: 4
Text: The Thai food is always good and can be cooked very spicy if you want. It's a great place on the river to watch the sunset and listen to live music. It's a campground so it's a little rustic, but is a great place to hang out, especially if you like walking or riding your bicycles on the Katy Trail.
Rating: 3
Text: Fun place to stay.  Nice, level camping area for tents. Good areas for campers. Would give more stars if there were bathrooms.  Only have porta-potties. Pay showers. Lots of live bands that were really good.  Limited stuff to buy. There are a couple of old boats on trailers that are used for campers. Makes it look kinda cheesy. Quiet time at 11 and it really was. 
