Cottonwood Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Have stayed here since 2001. The place has improved considerably with remodels on all rooms. Rates haven't increased very much in 16 years which is beneficial. Friendly helpful staff. The wifi can sometimes be slow depending on how many others are using it. Beds are comfortable. Breakfast is good though the options are limited of you have a restricted diet but it isn't impossible. Have never used the pool as it is only outdoor. Will continue to choose this place over any others in town.
Rating: 4
Text: It's Phillipsburg Kansas, not the Hilton in San Diego, so don't come here expecting anything crazy fancy. It does have clean rooms, standard rates, and is close to everything in Phillipsburg. 4 stars instead of 5 because the beds are extremely firm.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice staff. Breakfast marginal. Rooms fair at best. Clean. Nothing special, nothing stands out.
Rating: 5
Text: Great staff. Comfortable room.  Great price.
Rating: 5
Text: Bad weather left me with few choices, but I am so glad I landed here in this small Kansas town.  Staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, accommodating my room request/preferences AND my dogs -- at no additional cost!  The room was very clean and even if not the most recently updated, it was well maintained, surprisingly great towels, and an outdoor pool that some brave (or foolish) teenagers took advantage of.  Yesterday and today storms and winds made the pool cool and with leaves, but still amazingly attended to in spite of some really bad weather.    There was no hair dryer, which I usually never pack since most places have them, but I forgot to ask at the desk.  They probably would have had one, found one, or BOUGHT or borrowed one to accommodate me!  It's right across the street from a lovely golf course.  The town is small so dining nearby is limited, but it was still a great small town, heart of America experience.  I was traveling from South Carolina to Montana on all backroads - no Interstates for me, so the choices for hotels/motels makes the experience all the more interesting.  This is one of the better ones.
