Cottonwoods RV Park
Rating: 5
Text: Second time staying here and still nothing bad to say about this campground. It's a very well maintained, beautiful rv park. Love that they offer so much, like fire pits, wood, pool, play ground, propane, work out room, and gift shop. The gift shop offers a little bit of everything. The laundry room was nice.. love that they have several washers and dryers along with a change machine. Showers/bathroom was very nice and clean.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed here for a couple of weeks in August 2017.  This is a very nice and well maintained park.  Both the roads and sites could be wider for big rigs, but they are manageable.  The staff is friendly and works diligently to maintain the park.  The park is close to a highway, but in a mostly secluded area.  Noise from the highway is minimal due to trees.  Perhaps my only complaint in this park is that smoking is allowed inside the office/store.  The workers smoke inside the store and the place reaks of smoke.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean grounds, friendly staff, reasonable pricing, bathrooms the best I have seen in a long while.  Fun Halloween party and bonfire on Saturday night.  Looking forward to the hog roast in May 2018.
Rating: 5
Text: We have been coming to Cottonwoods RV park regularly for I think about 12 years.  We live just over the border (KS) so Columbia is a nice weekend destination for us for bicycling.  We have never had a bad stay and the staff has always been wonderful.  We are now 45' so we are limited to the first row and those spots are wonderful.  I agree that management needs to be diligent in keeping cars out of interior roadways as larger rigs need the space to get in.  All utilities always work as expected and every spot we have been in is reasonably level.  Over all I give Cottonwoods very high marks and we'll certainly be returning.  I believe we are booked for the last weekend in June so we'll be back very soon.  Thanks
Rating: 3
Text: Very well maintained. Baths were nearly spotless. Easy, friendly check in. VERY tight gravel sites, but most are pull through. My neighbors awning was 6' from my unit. Although sites seemed level, they were not. My site was several degrees down at the front. A neighbor had 6" of blocks under his front wheels to level them. WIFI is very slow if you can connect. OK for a nights stay. 
