Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Omaha Airport, IA
Rating: 3
Text: The staff is wonderful. Precious was a God send in a moment of need. Overall, it is a clean place. If you don't need to spend time in your room, but have other activities planned it's perfect. Breakfast, according pool and jacuzzi. But no other big amenities. 
Rating: 2
Text: I stayed one night with a park and fly.  They must of just painted (doors I suspect) on the third floor.  Odor was not enough to complain about and we continued on into our standard clean room.  No complaints, nice morning breakfast offered and shuttle to the airport. After a week's vacation we flew back to our vehicle which was untouched, safe and sound in their parking lot (they don't farm it off to the rental lots).  Again, an accommodating shuttle ride back (though it had a faint odor of smoke - irony to follow) and  we stayed one more night. The paint odor had dissipated  from the week earlier and the room was as expected...well, except for the fowl odor coming up from the bathroom sink drain which did not have a stopper.  Upon leaving in the morning, I pointed this out to the front desk.  At this point I would have given this establishment a 4 star rating, even with a stinky sink.  So why the two stars?  I received my credit card statement with an extra $200 charge I didn't know about.  I called to question this and they stated I had smoked in the room.  I am not a smoker, nor is my wife. Nobody else was in the room during our stay.  Maybe they couldn't identify the stink from the sink and decided it was smoke?  It sure would have been nice if they would have contacted me FIRST before slapping me with a bogus charge. I truly would have stayed there in the future but I now question their judgment and quite insulted. Let's see how I get treated from the competition and hope CI&S makes good on their promise to reverse the charge.
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel is very clean and comfortable.  There is a pool and hot tub. Free breakfast  and wi-fi.
Staff is very friendly and accommodating.  Free shuttle to Omaha airport ( 5 min. drive ) and downtown within 5 miles.
Rating: 5
Text: Beds we're comfortable! Customer service was great. Rooms are clean! Lots of cookies, fruit and great coffee selection when checking in! Pool is open LATE and is WARM!
Rating: 5
Text: Spent a night there in a double Queen room with my wife and kids. The pool is beautiful. The hotel is close... Really close to the rental car return and down the street from convenience stores. It's in the tiny little piece of Iowa called Carter Lake... Don't get confused. It's surrounded by Omaha, it's just legally Iowa. I would go back and stay, without question.
