Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, St. Charles, MO
Rating: 5
Text: Wow. This place is amazing. I’ve only just checked in but already have so many good things to say. Theresa at the front desk went out of her way to check me in and make me feel welcomed. She spoke to me like we were old friends. The hotel itself is beautiful and the location is fantastic. Not being from the area I? asked her for food recommendations to which she gave me plenty. I? ended up going to the BBQ place next door which was also awesome. I? have only good things to say about this place and would recommend to anyone!
Rating: 5
Text: We stay here every time we're in town.
It's a very homey little hotel. 
The staff have always been friendly. 
There is underground parking on site which is handy if the weather is bad.
There's a nice indoor pool and hot tub.
The rooms are nice and clean.  
We always ask for an upper floor on the river side of the hotel because it is quiet.
They have free breakfast every morning with waffles, scrambled eggs, bacon, cereal, fruit
and toast. They have complimentary coffee and fresh fruit all the time in the lobby. 
They even have chocolate chip cookies every evening.
We've never had a bad experience here.
It's right on Main Street in the historic part of town. 
You can walk to restaurants and shops as well as the First Missouri State Capitol building. 
There's even a good BBQ restaurant next door. 
The Lewis and Clark Boat House and museum are very close by.
The shops are really nice with a wide variety of merchandise.
If you love historical architecture you need to come and explore St Charles.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here many times, will stay there again. Great staff. Quiet place. Good breakfast; waffles, scrambled eggs, bacon, cereal, bagels, etc. Clean, updated rooms. Indoor pool and hot tub open until midnight. Late check-out at Noon. Free cookies and coffee in the lobby all day and evening.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed at the hotel on recommendation as it was next door to the chapel for my friend's wedding. Great recommendation. Rooms were clean, though the toilet seat didn't work after the first day (wouldn't stay up). There wasn't a lot of daily variation with the breakfast, but it was still good. I found two major issues with the hotel. First, there's only one elevator, and it's small. It barely fits a luggage cart and six adults in it. For a hotel with three floors plus a garage level, it's not really enough. Secondly, parking is really limited. Extra parking areas aren't really clearly marked, so not knowing where overflow parking was located was a pain, as the entire parking lot was filled on a Saturday night for an event at the chapel as well as other patrons of the nearby businesses. Outside of those two items, I'd stay at the hotel again. I didn't have a chance to use any of the other facilities in the hotel, but I'd try to next time I stay there.
Rating: 4
Text: I had the King suite room, it was very nice. Large and spaceous. AC was a little slow to catch up. Amazing location, if you want to be downtown but away from the noise on the weekends, this is the place. Within a short walk to all the shops and restaurants, not to mention a free trolley service is available everyday to take you throughout. Don't miss out on this antique beautiful hotel!
