Country Club Manor
Rating: 1
Text: This place is ridiculous. I Actually love the community but the management and the way things are handled are completely unprofessional.  After about two weeks of moving in I  politely asked a young gentleman not fly up and down the streets because my kids play and ride their bikes just like other kids. Two days later I received a note on a letter head and signed by a manager “Fine” on my door stating that if my kids are riding their bikes on our cul-de-sac again I will be fined $25 and an additional $25 for each day the fine is not paid.  Come to find out the guy that was flying up and down the road which is a cul-de-sac was the managers grandson.  After calling corporate I obviously was not fined and my kids were allowed to ride their bikes This is one of  many unprofessional experiences I had there. Half of the time when I would need to get a hold of management due to a problem it will take weeks for somebody to actually follow through with it. After moving out they tried to send me charges for a broken dishwasher and a leaking sink. The dishwasher hadn’t worked for months. While I was living there I called the office over four times regarding the dishwasher not working and several regarding the sink leaking.  Obviously I’m not paying this I definitely do not recommend them to anyone
Rating: 4
Text: I've been here for nearly a decade now and while the neighborhood wasn't ALWAYS the best, it has improved 10 fold over the past 3-4 years. There are no more gaggles of teenagers hanging out in the streets, blocking traffic or "playing" on the plaground leaving trash behind everywhere they go. I rarely see police rolling through on their way to another call now. The grass in the common areas stay mowed all sumner. (That was a horrible problem before.) I've recently had 3 neighbors move out/get evicted and they have been replaced with quiet, laid back people. (Nothing but assholes and loudmouth drama queens before..... mostly) There's rarely a power outage since Ameren overhauled the grid here. Uverse and Charter work great now too. The roads get plowed. Most empty lots now have NEW mobile homes on them. The pools get cleaned. And not once in my decade long stay have my vehicles or home been vandalized /robbed and I wasn't always one to lock up my truck. Country Club has a bad rap due to its past problem residents but since Parkland Ventures bought the property from ARC 4-5 years ago, the problem residents have been moved out. 

People like to avoid living in trailer parks but I would take Country Club over a deluxe 2 bedroom $800/month apartment any day. Pad rent is around $400/month and you get 1'200 square feet of living space, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, big kitchen and living rooms. A laundry room of your own. 2 decks. A storage shed, and the best part, your own yard! It's hard to find that in an apartment. You can also customize your place. You can paint if you want or remodel even. (If you own your mobile home anyways) You can even fence in your yard if you have kids or a dog.

Country Club makes for a great stepping stone towards homeownership. One downside.... Pad Rent was $291/month 10 years ago. It has consistently jumped up an average of $10 more a month, per year that has passed. Still beats an apartment.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice place! The roads you take there  not too fond of tho
Rating: 4
Text: Live here,  roads need work, other than that, it good.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome Staff! Very Welcoming! 
