Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Merrillville, IN
Rating: 4
Text: My husband and I stayed at the Country Inn and Suites last night. The young man at check in was very pleasant and professional. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. The breakfast was more than adequate for our needs. The only concern we had was the shower curtain was too short and water leaked onto the floor. We felt the price was very reasonable for the room.
Rating: 1
Text: They say you get what you pay for. I don't recommend this place. Upon entering the lobby there was a heavy smell of incense.  They put us in a room where the ceiling was coming down.  Closet door was dirty and scratched up.  The windows had mildew all around the window. There was a pellet hole in the window.  The room had a smell.  So we complained and was upgraded to a suite that was better however the sheet was dirty on one bed.  We called asking to get new sheets.  The cleaning girl and guy didn't knock on door or say housekeeping just busted into the room.  We were like what the heck.  She puts a top sheet on top of the blanket when we asked for them to change the sheets.  So she had to go get a new sheet.  The guy stayed in the room we were looking like why didn't he follow. That's the first night.

The hotel carpets are dirty.

The breakfast wasn't good except for the waffles.  The oatmeal tasted like cardboard and the brown sugar hadn't been changed in weeks as it was dried up. The potatoes had too much seasoning.

I guess the plus was the staff and manager was nice.  Unfortunately for them that hotel is horrible.

It was cheap!  NEVER AGAIN!
Rating: 5
Text: Great Service , location convenient during our travel. Adam at the front desk was excellent he not only assisted with our check in. He multi-tasked several customer with the same smile and calmness. Adam thank you for being a Great person my hat is off to you. Georgia visitors rested well.
Rating: 5
Text: Always enjoyed staying at the Country Inn and Suites. The atmosphere is great, three staff is always pleasant and breakfast is good. Thank you.
Rating: 4
Text: Booked a room at the last minute early morning because another hotel close by was all booked up even though I had a reservation for early check in, my room was still occupied. It was great that I was able to get a room here and at a lower price. Only issue, bathroom toilet could have been cleaned better.  But had a nice quiet and restful stay. 
