Country Club Hotel & Spa
Rating: 1
Text: My daughters had to go to this "resort" style hotel for a dance camp. After reading the reviews I was pretty scared! So I called the manager to make sure the bug situation was under control. She told me it was and said she would email me documentation from the health department that it was inspected and was never an issue. Never saw an email. I've been updated each night and while my girls are having fun and trying to stay positive they said there is never hot water, the beds and bedding in their rooms are disgusting, the carpets in the hallways smell awful and are stained, and the drinking water had bugs in it the first day they were there. One girls bathroom flooded and she called the front desk to let them know and they said sorry our maintenance guy is out for the WEEK!! Are you kidding me? How the place is still open is beyond me! Do not stay here! Do not waste your money! 
Rating: 5
Text: Under renovation. Coming soon.
Rating: 5
Text: After reading reviews on the way to this hotel we we're really worried about our stay here.  Now that we're here... we can't figure out all the negative reviews!?!?  Our Jr. suite was spacious, clean, had no odors or things broken. It was very nice and comfortable! Super quiet, very friendly staff, swam in both indoor & outdoor pools (loved the music - btw) and hot tub.  Close to awesome golf courses and many different restaurants!  When we can...we WILL be back!  We highly recommend this hotel! PS- we we're here right after Labor Day. Good time to come if you don't like crowds.
Rating: 4
Text: I am the president of the United Bowhunters of Missouri and this place courted us to host our annual Festival in February. My first stay there was a comped weekend for potential business guests. We stayed in a junior suite and my wife and I were both impressed by its size and the decor. 

Our board of directors took a tour a few months later and decided to use the facility. Our first Festival there was a big success and we have since signed a contract to use them through 2016. Most everyone commented favorably on the facility and staff. The restaurant was shorthanded on the Friday evening of our event but I think that was because they didn't know how many people to expect more than anything else. 

I heard no complaints about the cleanliness of the place or it being in disrepair. The problems we did have during our Festival were minor and the staff has already made notes on how to do things differently for the next one. 

We had used the Truman Hotel in Jefferson City for years to host our event and this place was a big step up from that.
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel doesn't even deserve one star. Honestly the most disgusting hotel I've ever been in. Where do I start? 
I was there for a DECA State conference, along with everyone from my district. When I first entered by room the first thing that struck me as odd was the fact that all the furniture was outdated. The rooms shown in photos are NOTHING like the photos in real life. When my roommate tried to turn on the lights, they wouldn't come on. There was no electricity. It was incredibly hot, because the AC didn't work. When another roommate went to open the door to the outside it fell off the hinges. The carpet was stained and as was the pull out couch. The room had clearly not been cleaned. We all decided to check for bed bugs. Although we didn't see any, all of the sheets were stained and some had crusty things on it. When I walked into the bathroom I noticed there was no toilet paper, just an empty toilet paper roll. There was also no hand soap. At one point I went down to complain about no electricity and they said it was a switched fuse from when they turned on the hallway light. Even if this was the case, it took them another 2 hours to fix it after we complained. When I got back to our room another room had come in to see how our room was. They noticed that the memo pad still had writing on it. When we tore off the top meme there was another underneath that said "you will die tonight." So that was just another wonderful thing. The people from they room then began to talk about their room. While they had electricity, their pillows had blood on them and they were missing their smoke detector. They had no hand soap as well. We spoke with an advisor from another school. She was leaving the hotel because her kids had found bed bugs in their bed. When they opened their pull out couch a brown recluse spider crawled out. Finally the power came on, but by that time everyone was so upset and disgusted. During the few hours we were there I only saw three workers and they were all at the front desk. After the DECA organization heard all that was wrong with this hotel they moved us to the holiday inn express. They then had the audacity to refuse to refund the rooms. And now DECA is having to sue the hotel. Save yourself the horrible experience. Go to lodge of the four seasons or holiday inn express.
