Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Matteson, IL
Rating: 3
Text: My family has stayed at this hotel many times over the last 2 or 3 years.  It has become our go to hotel when we are in the area.  We stayed there this past weekend and we were very disappointed to know that our favorite manager Ms. Tracey as we called her, was no longer working there.  She always made my family feel welcomed.  Our last visit may have been our last visit to this hotel because of some of the bad experiences that  occurred during our stay.   The night manager was not very sympathetic  to our concerns about the plumbing issues, she offered to bring me up a plunger when the toilet overflowed!  Really???  once she came up with the plunger we still had to request that someone clean up the toilet water.  her response "let me see if I can find someone"....shortly after that someone came up to clean up the water with towels....the floor was NEVER mopped! I know it was 2:00 am but I think they could have at least brought in some kind of sanitizer.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice staff but, the hotel needs updating. There were also stains on the drapes and one small stain on the bed spread. Other than that my stay was pleasant.
Rating: 5
Text: Initially, my husband and I were stressed because it was the only place with an available room and it was more than we intended to spend. However, the wonderful service provided to us by the front desk clerk, Desiree, made the whole occasion worthwhile. She was kind and friendly and she went above and beyond! The room was also delightful, very clean and nice. We forgot to mention non-smoking, so we did get out in the smoking section, but we really couldn't tell! There was little to no smell of smoke. It was incredibly comfortable, which is hard to find when travelling away from home. Overall, we were highly satisfied with our stay, and are likely to stay again in the future.
Rating: 1
Text: I would give them a 1/2 star if possible. Only good thing was the coffee. 
They have dirty, disgusting rooms. I booked for a 3 week stay and this is what was in the room: dirty carpets(not vaccumed), hair in the bathroom on the floor and shower, coke or blood looking drips on the bathroom floor, trash on the floor between the beds and deodorant stick smashed on the floor next to bed, ac unit broken(ac stays on set at 64 degrees). I told the front desk and their solution is switch me room. Okay so I’m on my new room and still unvaccumed carpets, hair in the bathroom, and trash not dumped from previous occupants. Totally a dump here, they need to fire the cleaning people and hire someone who cares about their job. 
Very disappointing, also the lobby had a under construction sign which I’m sure is older than a year because there was NO construction going on and obviously everyone complains of dirty rooms, so maybe they just want to keep the sign out there so it’s a good excuse. 

Don’t stay here, spend the extra money for another hotel!!!
Rating: 3
Text: Staff and cleanliness was excellent !!! However the pool was way too high in chlorine and was burning our eyes just being in pool area. It reacted our sinuses as well. Other than fixing that everything else was fantastic. Just wish my kids and I were able to have some pool side fun.
