Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Port Clinton, OH
Rating: 5
Text: Checked in just about 330pm. We asked for a room on the first floor and they were happy to accommodate the request. Room was clean and smelled nice. Hotel was not noisy and didn't have any issues hearing from the neighbors around us. Beds were super comfy, pillows were even better. The room had a mini fridge and microwave standard. I figured out after a few hours after arriving and after my husband had left that I left my phone charger in the car. I called down to the lobby and asked if they had any extras and they brought one to my room right away. So nice! All in all, great stay, perfect for our needs, close to the lake and to lots of food options. Wouldn't hesitate to book here again!
Rating: 4
Text: It's okay.  Beds are comfy and rooms are clean.  No frills and small, screwed down tv's, but everything worked.  The towels are great for exfoliating and there are plenty available in the room, so it doesn't matter that they are rather thin.  Book it, you'll have a good night!
Rating: 4
Text: My wife and I along with our two young children stayed two nights in a King Bed/Sleeper Sofa Suite and were very happy with our accommodations. Room was clean, staff is friendly and helpful, and rates were very reasonable. Would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: Great location and incredibly convenient to the Vacationland area of Ohio - minutes from Port Clinton, Sandusky, Cedar Point, and the ferries to South Bass Island.  The staff was courteous and friendly.  

The room on the other hand does leave something to be desired.  They are obviously in need of a little TLC, and, perhaps some updating.  One suggestion:  Families today tend to travel with a number of electronic devices ranging from cell phones, to tablets, to laptops.  More than ONE usable outlet would have been a Godsend.  One other outlet (near the door) had a lamp plugged into it and the plug barely remained plugged in.  Trim was loose in areas of the room, a door handle was loose, the tub spot was loose, the escutcheon plate around the tub/shower handle was loose, and there were stains on the carpet.
Rating: 4
Text: The management was very friendly and accommodating. The room decor was nice and looked to be recently updated. The whole building has a fresh, clean scent. The only thing I can say is our room could've been cleaned a little better as we found some old plastic bottle on the floor that someone appeared to use as an ashtray. But overall I would choose to stay there again
