Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Manteno, IL
Rating: 1
Text: Go here if you want to have the most stressful time you've ever had at a hotel. They steal your money, over charge and then lie about it. Watch out for the stuck up 2 faced lying hotel manager. They charge your card, take the money out and then tell you it's being "held".  They accused me and my family (2 adults and a child in the room) of smoking marijuana multiple times even after being told it was not us. Stayed for 3 weeks and I have never seen so many disgruntled customers in my life. never staying again and I will always tell people not to go there.
Rating: 5
Text: Super friendly staff. Very quiet, well appointed room.   Nice, but very small pool. Good to splash in. Free breakfast - sausages, biscuits and gravy and waffles for hot food, assortment of cereals, yogurt, bagels, muffins as well as a variety of drinks.

Would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: I came into town to attend the last practice at the Bears' training camp. I chose this hotel for my weekend stay because of its proximity to the camp. I got in late (after 11 PM). I didn't particularly care for the employee that checked me in. When I asked a question, her answer was very snippy. Didn't sit right with me at first, but then I shrugged it off. However, the treatment I received from the two front desk employees the next day was nothing short of spectacular. The manager allowed me to extend my checkout by an hour, which I desperately needed. That was very much appreciated! Additionally, when my Uber was late to pick me up, I arrived 4-5 minutes past my checkout time. I was in freakout mode thinking the hotel was going to require me to pay for another night in order to retrieve my belongings from the room (that is how it is done at most hotels). This was not the case! The young man at the front desk said that was not necessary. He reprogrammed the key for me! I never leave reviews, but I just had to commend these two employees for accommodating me as much as possible! I would stay here again, for sure. I gave it 4/5 stars because of the first employee I interacted with. Wasn't a big fan.
Rating: 1
Text: I can honestly say this has been one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed at.  Would not recommend it to anyone, ever.  Highly recommend not drinking anything they offer as every time myself and my friend that were there found stuff in our drinks especially the coffee with green fibers coming out of the pots.  The manager refused to talk to us over several issues that we had the few days we were there, and the entire staff was very rude about anything that you would need to ask about.  Cleaning staff didn't even attempt to clean the rooms as I found dirt in hair in the bathroom on the first night before using anything.  I wanted them to come in the second night and the same thing didn't even add toilet paper.  Myself and my friend ended up leaving early and switching to a different Hotel down in Bourbonnais. 
Rating: 1
Text: It was absolutely terrible.  Twice a year about 30 of us use this hotel to stay at...we do a collection show at the will county fairgrounds.  We got there Saturday late afternoon and went for supper around 5.  Back at 8...we sat outside having coctails and enjoying each others company.   At 915 the desk lady came out and said we had to go.    We were all ok with it and started to move to our rooms.   Nobody was out of hand or loud by any means.   15 min later a police car showed up then another and another.   Told us the front desk lady had called and said we were loud and wild...my jaw about hit the floor.   Well we went to our rooms but I went back to my vehicle about 10 min later.   There was still a officer outside.   We chatted some and he said he sat and wat he'd us for 15 min before they confronted us.   He said he seen nothing wrong with what we were doing.   UNREAL.    
   Come to find out the people that were there the night before we're loud and crazy sitting in our same spots ....the guy slipped the lady $100 and another $100 to the lady who came in for the night shift.     It was ok then.     They thought we would do the same for them.   NOT.         We have been staying there 2 times a year for close to 10 years.   Not any more.     So next time u want to stay at this motel...make sure u don't sit outside and enjoy the evening without slipping them some cash.    UNREAL.
