Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Dayton South, OH
Rating: 4
Text: Sign says this motel is doing improvement. Should do something with carpet on steps. Stripes that are parallel to the step make it hard to tell where the edge of the step is.
Packard in room says to hang towel up to save water. I was here 6 nights and got fresh towel every day. They did not change sheets as I didn't put placard on pillow as specified. That was OK.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is located right off the express way and is five minutes from Dayton mall, restaurants and shops. The hotel staff is friendly and this hotel is family friendly. There is a small pool for those who want to relax. The rooms are spacious ( accommodated 6 of us) with an oversized bathroom ( could fit the whole family in there at once)! Rooms were clean with extra large desks and ample lighting. Good choice!
Rating: 2
Text: I stay often at this hotel when in town for doctor visits and to see family. It's a hit or miss for them to even recognize status or even know what the members benefits are with the status. Now, I will say I enjoy my experience most of the time when I come to the south dayton country inn. A bad experience when my brother who came to visit me at the hotel in the morning before going to an appointment. He unknowingly brought his little dog to show me and pay a visit. Well myself not knowing about the pet policy at this location was told by the front desk they were aware of the dog and there would be a $200 charge because they don't allow pets. I explained to the front desk that I wasn't aware I apologize and they will be leaving soon. If I had known or it was well represented about the pet policy I would never have let him bring her in. Now the whole stay while visiting couldn't have been more than two hours. I decided to book another night and when I called in to see what time early checkin was the lady had no clue. Once she got my last name I could hear in her voice she recognized I was the one who had he dog on the previous night visit. She asked that I'm not bringing back the dog are you? And still gave me grief about it. This is coming from the front desk lady who I called earlier in the morning and asked for a late check out and I was told I was interrupting her breakfast. I thought it was kind of funny she would actually say that but none the less moved along and got what was requested. Going back a week prior this is the same front desk lady who I had walked up to the counter and sat there for a good strong 5-7 min while her another employee were doing a little bit of gossiping. I again didn't mind because I wasn't in a hurry, it took the supervisor of housekeeping who was standing there watching the two ladies go on about their conversation with me standing there and no trying to service me at all. When I stay somewhere and I often do travel around the world for work. I try my best to compliment and let the staff know I appreciate their kind service to make my experience memorable. When you stay at hotels as often as I do it's my home away from home. The feeling of feeling like family when I come in is why I stay at the country inn suites. I will have to say this experience has left a bad taste in my mouth and this older lady truely doesn't need to be in the hospitality business and definitely not working for country inn suites. First time and even a second time would be a pass, but to consistently get horrible service from this one individual is rediculous. I do a lot of write ups for TripAdvisor and I apologize to say this but it will have to be a ding against you.
Rating: 4
Text: Perfect for what I was looking for! I only stayed 1 night to get a head start on the Air Force Museum and I'm glad I did! Nice indoor pool(Little small), very clean rooms! Best Part was the amazing staff and breakfast Western Omletes,Bacon and Home Fries all you can eat? Loved it! Saved me a lot of money to with the kids! Highly Suggest!
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful experience, staff very friendly and accommodating. Room was very clean, breakfast was amazing and the nighy we stayed, the hotel had pizza and beer dor all the guests
