Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Indianapolis Airport South, IN
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed here back in February for a weekend getaway with my boyfriend and we absolutely loved it! Everything was clean, always fresh cookies, and the staff was amazing. But do to the great experience, we decided to return with our friends this past weekend. And the experience was half of that at best. The staff wasn't even comparable, the breakfast buffet was broken down early both Saturday and Sunday as well as being completely bare by 10:00. I definitely won't be raving about Country Inn like I did last time. It was sad that in just a few months the whole staff was so much different. Also the cookies.... come on guys. That's the best part is fresh cookies, not once did I get any. Hopefully you can train or restaff. Miss the middle aged lady that worked night the last visit in February she was friendly and very enjoyable. Last visit was 5 stars hands down. And with the two stars for this visit I feel that I'm being generous.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed here nearly three weeks with my elderly terminally ill mother when a house fire forced her out of her home which had been in the family since she was a child. Allstate could not have chosen a better place for us. The staff went out of there way to ensure her comfort. I give them a 5 star rating in everything! Great food, service and super friendly! Thank you for making her last months so happy during such a difficult time. She truly enjoyed her stay with you all!!!
Rating: 5
Text: This is my second visit to the property in 2017. The outside has been updated since my last visit. Rooms are still the 'old look.' The staff was just 'OK' ... As they weren't very welcoming. My room was clean, so I don't have much to complain about. They upgraded me to a suite because I'm a repeat customer, which is nice.
Rating: 1
Text: Bad experience overall.  The hotel itself is nice - the night we stayed in July they failed to do laundry during the day and failed to clean.  Meaning we had to ask for linens for the pull-out sofa bed, only they didn't have any blankets.  None.  We used a towel to keep help our daughter be a little comfortable overnight.  They had no pool towels.  They had no extra towels.  There was popcorn kernels on the floor when we got to the room, and a used Kleenex in the window sill.  We reported all of the above problems.  We were offered no solutions, and no discounts or other incentives.  I filled out an online survey after our stay and sent a separate email to the hotel manager.  I got a form letter back.
Rating: 1
Text: Couldn't check in immediately because the key system wasn't functioning properly... Ultimately the front desk clerk had to go with me to the room to open it for me.  If I wanted to leave I just had to "leave the door unlocked." Upon entering the room I found two free bottles of water, one which had been opened and slightly drank out of.  The floors were the most disgusting floors I've ever seen, especially in the bathroom (see pictures).  Stained bed sheets, cigarette holes in the curtains, and gosh knows what else I couldn't see.  Absolutely disgusting.  Will never stay at not only this one, but any of these awful hotels ever again. Stay away.
