Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Lima, OH
Rating: 5
Text: The best hotel in Lima hands down!! Myself and a colleague stayed on and off starting from the summer into the fall. The staff is top-notch and very professional. They are more than helpful with any question or service a guess may require. The facility and rooms are immaculate. I stay at more than 90 hotels a year, and this one made an impression. I would recommend this location for business travellers as well as vacationers.
Rating: 4
Text: My wife and I stayed here with our 3 month old October 2017. The room was will maintained and clean. We were in a 1 bedroom suite, and there was plenty of space for the pack and play in the main area. The bed was comfortable, and the A/C worked. Excellent value.
Rating: 1
Text: Nice lady who checked me in at the front. However i waited 25 minutes for a luggage cart because I had a big dog crate I couldn't carry by myself plus lots of bags. I would think they would make sure luggage carts are available. At 930 pm after driving 12 hours the last thing I want to do is wait around for a baggage cart. Never found one. Had to have a guest help me carry in the crate. Also my room has garbage on the floor. Clearly never vacuumed and on-top of that my room smells HORRIBLE. Of course it's the last room available. Now I am by no means "picky" and I stay at hotels regularly traveling for work and I normally write good reviews. I would never stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: "Very clean and up to date furnishings. Only bad thing there's hardly ever anyone at the front desk. We forgot our phone charger and realized it when we were a couple of miles away,so I called and asked if someone could go up to the room and retrieve it for me (because we were running behind now) and the lady at the desk said she was the only one there so she couldn't leave the front desk....so we returned and guess what??? She wasn't at the desk!! She was in the closed kitchen getting some food. Our room was at the very top of the steps, so it wasn't like it would've been very far!
Rating: 3
Text: This is my go to hotel when I stay in Lima for business. The hotel is new if I'd guess, within the past 5 years. They have a pool, hot tub and a fitness center. The rooms are reasonably prices and have plenty of space. The free breakfast is pretty good for being free. The one complain that I have is that the wireless internet is very slow. Being in IT this can make it rough to get my job done. 

8 months since my last review... Wireless is no better... And the Verizon service sucks as well but outside the hotel it is fine. 
