Country Hearth Inn & Suites - Bowling Green
Rating: 1
Text: I booked rooms for myself and my sister.  My sister was not able to sleep because of the people next door-up fighting. Complained to Management. Management said they were not responsible for loud guest.  Room across the hall had a dog that clawed at the door all night.  Asked for a refunded, Management refused.

Lady who checked us into the hotel came to check-in desk in the middle of the night in her P-Js, she also served breakfast in her P-Js.  The juices they served were just sit out on the check-in desk in containers.

Rooms were smelly, towels look like they were very old.

I would not stay at this hotel again, nor would I recommend to others.

I truly wish hotel chain representative would book a stay at this hotel to see first hand what an awful representative this hotel is, because someone needs to know. 

My next complaint is with the Health Department?
Rating: 3
Text: It was okay. The Clerk is awesome. He will do anything to make your stay comfortable. Just has a very musty smell had to get air freshener. Other than that is was fine for price.
Rating: 2
Text: Breakfast was all breads no proteins and apple juice tasted old and fermented ?,loud yellow wallsin the room. Had painfully scratchy towels. Good in a pinch for an overnight. Only bonus was Jacuzzi tub. But limited hot water.
Rating: 2
Text: Bowling Green Ohio, Customer service was not very friendly, almost unwilling to speak, but readily willing to stare at you uncomfortably long in silence. Our room had a (non-working) filthy stove/oven/range in it next to the TV. That was unadvertised, unexpected, and unsettling. Water pressure is non existent anywhere other than the shower. Check-out is at 11am, and at 10:59am our door was being knocked on as we were departing with our bags. Breakfast was provided, but it was unimpressive. The orange juice and apple juice were very obviously watered down. Overall, I would never stay here again unless it was my only option.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean room fresh carpet, and a great staff forgot my phone charger and they were very happy to help me and provided me a loner
