Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Findlay, OH
Rating: 3
Text: We usually stay at nicer hotels but because we had our dog with us, we chose this location during our Parent Weekend @ Findlay University. The entire facility has a homey feel. Patrons sat on the patio in the evenings visiting with other guests. Toiletries were tiny. One person use. Room service was adequate. Rooms and bathrooms were clean. Breakfast was very nice and comparable with nicer hotels, actually better than the local competitor we stayed with last visit. In fact...we had to pay for breakfast at the previous hotel! Staff was incredibly nicer and more accomodating than the local competition as well. We will probably stay here again based on our pleasant experience.
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel is small. We had a one bedroom king suite. The matteress was so hard sleeping on the floor would have been more comfy. The breakfast was really good. There was no pool heater and it was freezing! The shower curtains were stained.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is AMAZING Julie at the front desk delivers customer service like nothing I've ever experienced, from the time I called her on the phone to the time I walked thru doors to check in and was able to finally put a face with the name she was awesome, Our room was not ready so the upgraded us for free! such a pleasant experience. The room was clean and spacious. We will definitely be staying here when we travel to see family.
Rating: 4
Text: Stopped in to visit family. Room had a very large bathroom, comfy queen sized bed, and a nice seating area. Bathroom had a heating lamp which was something I've never seen but was a nice touch. Remote for the TV was a "Clean Remote" like you would see at a hospital to prevent germs. Complimentary cookies in the lobby as well as a fire place with seating and a nice large eating area. Definitely one of the better hotels I've been to.
Rating: 2
Text: I never even got a room due to stupid card policies. You need to change it to make your rooms available to someone only traveling with cash. Front desk guy could not have been more pleasant and awesome and understanding. He was amazing and should get a promotion. But it is your company I will not boycott. I did not lose out though we ended up going to Hilton which was perfect. And you are the ones who lost out on more than 100 bucks . And a return customer. We do have to travel through to get home and go by twice every time we travel toichigan from Tennessee, but that's a bare minimum of 300.00 a trip you all are losing. Bad policies. Rethink them.
