Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Louisville South, KY
Rating: 1
Text: Worst hotel experience of my life. I was leery to book it initially, but my parents were stuck in traffic after driving for 9 hours leaving Nashville (usually a 2.5 hour trip) & all other decent looking hotels were completely full. So, I made the reservation on the hotel website then called to confirm the reservation had gone through. They assured me everything was set and knew they would be arriving late. As they were pulling into the parking lot we receive a call that the reservation was cancelled. I called corporate and spoke with a very rude customer service rep who told me I had cancelled the reservation, when I 100% did not. She then put me on hold for 10 minutes only to hang up on me. Infuriated, I call back to an equally unhelpful representative that basically tells me I'm out of luck, offers no resolution, and says if I want to call back tomorrow I can complain. 

Actual Hotel will not answer phone calls, and were insanely rude to my family at the front desk. DO NOT RELY ON THIS HOTEL TO KEEP YOUR RESERVATION OR RESPOND APPROPRIATELY TO ANY NEGLIGENCE OR ISSUES ON THEIR BEHALF. EXTREMELY UNPROFESSIONAL AND RUDE.
Rating: 4
Text: Great hotel for the price. Large, clean, up to date rooms. In a good location, lots of stores and restaurants in the area, no noise from the I-65 nearby. Not very close to Louisville though. More of a hotel for those who are passing through. Would stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: Hotel is preparing for updates.  It shows its age and needs some repair but overall a good place to rest your head.  Showee, bed and pillows, bedding very comfortable.  Food selection the usual Country Inn & Suites menu. It was reasonably priced and good location for business travel requirements.  Did not have time to use amenities.
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel. Good breakfast included. Very friendly staff. Very close to the interstate and easy to find.
Rating: 3
Text: Hot tub was not working. Shower curtain rod hanging loosely from wall. Room was very noisy from I-65 traffic. Breakfast was good, but not worth the extra money when other cheaper options are available close by.
