Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Toledo South, OH
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean inside and out the bed was very comfortable especially after be tired from a 10 hour drive. The entire staff was also very kind and helpful I will recommend that everyone should stay here. Not only did we have a restful nite, we also had a great breakfast so it's worth the $$ . We did not try the hot tub nor the pool but we did see a lot of the other guest and their families enjoying it ????????????????????look at it this way guys if u stay in a motel with your family u would spend about $80.  Than the next morning u have to purchase breakfast at least $40. 60 depending on the size of your family, plus the beds are never comfortable and it may have stains sheets towels that's all hard and smell funny so it's worth putting a few dollars more and be able to sleep in peace and know the entire family will be happy ?Happy Stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Very accommodating, friendly and efficient.  Rooms were clean, spacious and comfortable.  The only thing keeping it from being a 5 star experience is there is nothing to do within walking distance and no restaurant there. (Our vehicle was towed to a local garage, so basically stranded there.). Our room was facing the Ohio turnpike, so could here trucks passing by at night.  All in all, not a bad stay.
Rating: 4
Text: My room was very clean and presentable. The pool area was clean and well kept. Breakfast in the morning, not my preferred selection, but my party claimed that the food was decent. The surrounding area was peaceful, right off the freeway, but my room looked out away from the freeway and the view was fairly pleasant. The front desk greeted me upon every passing and appeared very professional. Conviently accessible to shopping, food, etc. Getting back to the freeway was inconvenient, but didn't take too long. Comfy bed. Overall a very nice place to stay.
Rating: 1
Text: My boyfriend, 5 year old son, and i just recently stayed 2 nights at this hotel. We had breakfast on the first morning and brought it up to our room my son had a waffle and some syrup in which he spilled on himself. It was a school day so i was in a rush , i put him in the tub not thinking about the computer chair that he spilled it on. When we went to get our deposit they said they couldnt give us our $150 back because the chair had syrup on it. My boyfriend was there at check out and i know if i was there i would have remembered to clean it and would have gotten it clean. This is pure laziness and i feel scammed. We WILL NEVER GO HERE AGAIN. Even if the chair was ruined i know it didn't cost $150. Please be aware when staying here, seems as if they have scammers on their hands.
Rating: 5
Text: Had a great experience here. Staff was super friendly (Meredith) and the chicken and gravy for breakfast was the BEST I've ever had!! Rooms were clean and the hallways smelled nice :) would definitely stay here again!
