Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Lexington, KY
Rating: 4
Text: Overall our stay at the County Inn & Suites was very pleasant. The hotel was clean and updated. The guest services were also very accommodating and pleasant. In addition they had free cookies at the front desk, and I can always get behind that. Amenities include a pool which I didn't use and a washer and dryer which is always nice to have in case of emergency. The hotel also offered a free breakfast which was actually better than the average for a hotel in this price range. It's odd, I've been staying a lot of hotels lately and this is the first place out of a few that has actually had real orange juice in the morning! Our room was the two room suite with a king-size bed and a sitting area with its own TV and a separate TV in the bedroom this was very nice. The only downside was the bed was a bit too firm for my taste.
Rating: 5
Text: Really enjoyed our stay. Bed was so comfortable. Breakfast wonderful, good variety, fresh fruit. Kids loved pool. Husband and I appreciated quiet moments in hot tub.
Rating: 1
Text: Found a cockroach in my bed and management refused to acknowledge the problem or refund my money. Very disappointed with this hotel. The breakfast was also inedible.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff is nice, rooms are nice, bathroom is big although it needed a shower liner still nice and the place is clean!!! Smells clean when you walk in and throughout the hotel. There breakfast is really nice too!!! Would definitely stay here again!! 
Rating: 5
Text: First the positives: Perhaps the most important thing to us is how well the cooling/heating units work. Our suite stayed at a very cool and consistent 60° (we've got some meat on us so we like to sleep as cool as possible). The suite was quite large and provided everything we'd need for our home away from home. The staff was excellent and handled some difficult guests (not us!) beautifully. The location is fantastic, right by a red light for easy access. The TVs are a larger size than you typically find in a hotel room. The weather was PERFECT for our stay and there were two very nice, comfortable seating areas to relax outside.

Negatives: The hot tub was down for maintenance for the first couple of days of our stay. The breakfast was just meh - though I did like that they change it up every day. Plus it's free, so I'm not *really* complaining. The parking lot is a bit small and filled up very quickly, but there was always at least one space for us! There wasn't a lot of counter space in the bathroom - I use a lot of hair products and finding somewhere to neatly stash them was kind of annoying, but that's just me being high maintenance and nit picky.  

Overall, we will absolutely stay here again on our next visit to Lexington.
