Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Dakota Dunes, SD
Rating: 2
Text: I rented this motel room because it was right next door to hospital where my husband had surgery. I was literally only in my room after 11:30pm and went once to sit down and enjoy a breakfast, provided at no-cost by motel. I had a double queen room with refrigerator and microwave which were both important to me. I really didn't require maid service other than take out garbage and replace towels. These were instructions that I gave personally to desk clerk. I familarized myself with each desk clerk and they also recognized me. I don't usually write reviews, but I felt it was necessary to write this one.
First of all, the negotiated "reduced" price offered to families of those who had surgery was $89 plus all the varying taxes they charge. I didn't think that was much of a reduction.
Secondly, on the day we were checking out I decided to help the maids by gathering garbage, towels, and all of the bedding. The maids were in the hallway so I asked them if it was okay to sit these items in the hallway for them to pick up. They said yes and there was no doubt of the room number I was staying in. My daughter was taking longer than I wanted to wait. I told her to meet me next door at hospital when she finished drying her hair and brushing teeth (probably 20 minutes at most). I stopped by front desk to turn in room keys, let clerk know that I had set certain items outside of my room and made sure that my bill was paid in full. I also told clerk  That my daughter was finishing up in the room and would be out well before checkout time come which was noon. I left knowing that everything was handled and certainly did NOT expect what happened next. Apparently right after I left there was some confusion as to what room we stayed in. The clerk didn't show anyone in our specific room. They told me later that the clerk asked the maids to notify my daughter to notify front desk as there was a problem. What happened according to my daughter was that the maid banged on the door and when she opened the door the maid demanded that she leave immediately because she wasn't supposed to be in that room. My daughter asked if she was late or past check-out time and one of the maids accused her of being a squatter. My daughter was very insulted, gathered her things and left immediately. Upon learning of this  I immediately called the motel and asked to speak to the owner. The desk clerk seemed upset because of the confusion and everything that had happened. She informed me that the owner was busy and would call me back. After 2 hours of waiting I called the motel again and she put the owner on the phone. He told me that he reviewed the motel video tapes and agreed of everything I had done such as putting items outside of the room and stopping to talk to the motel clerk. However when it came to the insult that the maid said to my daughter the owner simply apologized and more less defended his workers And reluctantly offered $25 off of one night of stay. I guess these days being thrown out of a motel Room that you paid for and called a squatter is worth $25. By the way, we will never stay at this motel again and I have told everybody about our experience and how we were treated.
Rating: 5
Text: Highly recommend this CountryInn and I have stayed at quite a few. Room was spotless, bed was comfortable, wifi was reliable, staff was friendly, and price was affordable. The breakfast had lots to choose from and the food was well-prepared. 
             Besides graciously allowing late checkout Kim went above and beyond to help me with the reservation at another CountryInn for my next stop. Surrounding area had low traffic and felt very safe. Will definitely stay here again next time I'm in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: Thank you Glad we got the misunderstanding cleared up.  Nice talking with you and being so kind.  Once again Thank You....Want my money back.Paid for room on 9-13-17 got conformation number to check in on 9-14-17 to 9-15-17 I only stayed 1 (one) night.  Week later you took another payment off my debt card. It clearly states a payment was made to Country Inn & Suites on 9-20-17
Rating: 1
Text: The staff at the front desk were very unpleasant to deal with. The room was fine. My only complaint was with the staff. They should address that situation.
Rating: 5
Text: We enjoyed our stay and were very happy with our accommodations and service.  Really enjoyed the breakfast selection.
