Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Greenfield, IN
Rating: 5
Text: Was in Greenfield visiting family for a week. Nice hotel with an excrllent staff. Cleaning crew was exceptional and always friendly. Rooms were a little small but otherwise spotless. Breakfast was good with different choices everyday. They woman Jane who handles the breakfast during the week couldn't have been nicer. Will definitely stay here again next time I visit.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel was clean and staff was friendly. Reason for four star instead of five is because the rooms are a little dated (not a big deal) but the bed in my room was about as comfortable as sleeping on concrete. But anybody who loves firm beds would be happy. I’m more of a pillow top kind of guy.
Rating: 5
Text: The room was clean and comfortable. We stayed on a Sunday night, so there weren't a lot of other people in the hotel with us, but still, it was quiet and restful.  There was a bathtub (helpful when staying with kids).  The breakfast was delicious, with a lot of options. The coffee was tasty. And the pool was nice (nothing special, but fun). Best of all were the staff!  They were very gracious and helpful. I left my swimsuit behind in the room, and when I called after I had checked out, they found it and sent it to me. Many thanks! I'd definitely stay there again.
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed there for a tourney and NEVER again. Staff was rude, not worth the price a night. The second night there a sign was posted on the pool, it was closed the Pump was down and maintenance man was not available this weekend. We leave for a game and come back to signs all over the hallways and doors saying everyone needs to keep the noise down! If you don't like kids then don't get on the business. These kids were all well behaved that were with us! Yet the night before when the pool was working we couldn't use it for teenage boys running and jumping and diving into it making it impossible for small children. Staff was horribly rude, lost a whole bag of new bathing suits that were in the bathroom and every time we called about it we were put on hold till we hang up and call back. Front end staff was rude and acted like we were lying! If your looking for a hotel in greenfield and come upon this one...keep looking!
Rating: 4
Text: It was clean and beds were comfortable. It is an older hotel. Breakfast was good. We were only there briefly but everything was exactly what we needed.
