Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Lincoln North Hotel and Conference Center, NE
Rating: 2
Text: I booked this hotel though Trip Advisor and initially thought it was a great deal at $78 for a pet friendly hotel & breakfast. Awesome! Since I booked a pet-friendly room I assumed any pet fees were included - or clearly stated. Guess not. When I checked in, it was late and a very long day of driving. Becca asked me to I sign a dog agreement form in which I read I would be charged if my dog was barking and employees needed to enter the room and stay with my dog (totally understandable). However, I suppose also on that form it said I was going to be charged a $40 pet fee. I didn't recall seeing that (but I was exhausted & could have missed it). I've called the hotel three times asking them to send me the form I signed; however, they have yet to send it to me (both Travis and Becca told me they would send). Just really disappointed to see a $44.90 charge on my card a day after I checked out. I wish Becca would have said something to me when I checked in. 

That being said, the hotel room seemed clean and the breakfast was okay. There was sausage, potatoes and scrambled eggs with vegetables. That was nice! The seating area in the breakfast area was also nice.   

The television in the room was quite small and low definition. It was sad to watch a football game on. However, the beds were pretty comfortable and there was a small refrigerator within the room.     

I'd say it would have been a good place to stay if it wasn't for the unforeseen pet fee. If you have a pet, I'd recommend staying at the Motel 6 down the road. They don't have any pet fees.
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms were amazing! The staff was very accommodating and the rooms were wonderful. Very clean and spacious. Couldn't believe how affordable it was either!
Rating: 2
Text: July 2017
My wife and I stayed here when we checked a family member into the local hospital for an emergency procedure.  The room was great along with the amenities. It was rather noisy the second night due to a number of children were running up and down the hallway but it wasn't that bad or last very long. We checked out after three day's intending to return for another week until we found out they would not honor the discount they advertised for patients and family of patients of the hospital.  I was also upset when I found out that their rates varied nightly based on the number of bookings they had that night. Our room rate varied $44.55 from one night to another.
Rating: 4
Text: Overall a good hotel. Upon check-in at 5:00pm, our room was still not cleaned and ready for us, so my family and I had to wait 15 minutes while that was wrapped up. Not a great first impression. But after that, our stay was pretty enjoyable. There is complimentary coffee/tea and cookies in the lobby - a nice touch. 1-bedroom suite room was spacious although a little dated in terms of finishings/furniture/decorations. Indoor pool was nice and allowed the kids to get some energy out after a long day in the car. There is a hot tub outdoors, which could use some updating in terms of condition and weak jets. The price really couldn't be beat for what was included, so all-in-all, it was a decent experience.
Rating: 1
Text: Absolutely terrible. Do yourself a favor and book elsewhere.  I'm a pet owner and a pet lover, but our room absolutely reeked of wet dog. The breakfast in inedible. At 6am it sounded like a freight train going through our room. We are Carlson rewards members and travel quite a bit. We stay at Country inn and suites almost exclusively.  I think from now on we will chose a different Carlson property when available.
