Country Hearth Inn - Benton
Rating: 1
Text: We reserved a room here and had confirmation number. Arrived and was told they had no rooms, that it was "overbooked".  They said someone else reserved the room at the same time and they got it.  BS!  We had a confirmation number!  We found another motel across the street and did get a room there. The people in the room next door said they, too, had had a reservation at Country Hearth which they had made several weeks prior and also had a confirmed reservation. They had even called the hotel directly a week ago and was told they did have a room.  When they arrived today to check in, the hotel said they didn't have a room.  This is a despicable hotel with corrupt management.  I would NEVER stay in a Country Hearth!
Rating: 3
Text: We were able to check on for a last-minute stay. The accommodations are a bit outdated, and the non-smoking room seems as if it were a smoking room.at one point. There is only so much that one can do to try covering up the smell of smoke. Overall, it was adequate for a one-night stay.
Rating: 1
Text: 1st time a few weeks ago we had a nice room. Non-smoking two doors down coming in the back door to the right. This past weekend we had a room coming in from the back to the left 317.. suppose to be non-smoking.. smelled bad had air fresher in it trying to hide the smell and walls in the bathroom was covered with nicotine, for nails on the floor between bed and wall. Also the next day after getting back to the room there was strong carpet fresh on the floor and hadnt been vaccum back up to mask the smell.. We pack up the next morning and check under the bed for shoes. We found 2 bottles of water and a jar of peanut butter under the bed. Really for $200 for two nights. I would like to have a clean room!!!!!
Rating: 4
Text: A slight lack of outlets, problems with the room card, but besides that fairly decent
Rating: 2
Text: Location was okay,room was clean. Could smell smoke through out the building,looks are deceiving from the outside,inside needs updated. They have a good continental breakfast.
