Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Decatur, IL
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed over from a Thursday night until Monday in mid October, visiting our grandson who attends Millikin University. Upon arrival, the room had a foul order. Although we should have found other accommodations the room appeared clean so we got some odor absorbers and after a day or two they seemed to do the trick. I cant believe, however, the cleaning staff didnt notice the odor as it was very noticeable. Our room was directly above the pool and we wondered if some foul odor was coming from there?? I also noticed room was not so clean...fans had thick layer of dust on blades. The bed was terribly hard and needed replacing...interior of our room needed fresh paint. Breakfast was ok. Location is great but I doubt we will be staying there on our next visit to Decatur, unless they make significant changes.
Rating: 4
Text: Since I travel often for work I spend a fair amount of time in hotels. And working third shift usually allows me to experience them a little differently than most people. Like for one since I go to sleep at 10am the guy mowing out front was a slight annoyance. But since that wouldn't effect the usual resident I can't hold that against them. The only thing I can complain about is that the fans in the bathroom appear to do nothing but make a lot of noise. They don't pull scents out or defog the room at all. Aside from this slight hiccup I find the accommodations great and it's a very lovely hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: We picked this hotel because it had a pool and hot tub. I could have gotten a cheaper price at a different hotel. The poll is only 3 foot all the way. It looked really cloudy and had these black spots at the bottom. Kids and a pregnant mom were in the hot tub. Manager said nothing. When my adult kids went in the hot tub would not work. My husband went and told desk clerk. Who seemed to be the only staff at the hotel. She re-set the hot tub but, told him not to sit in front of jets cause it shuts off.  (Normally- That's what you do in a hot tub) The rooms were very clean. The buffet was good but,  it seemed like they put out the same left over bagels and jelly roll from the day before. Didn't add any new.
Rating: 5
Text: I stopped by to visit a friend, I was unfortunately stuck in a hotel across town. The Country Inn and Suites was more accommodating to me than my own hotel. Due to a special event in town the hotel offered a light dinner and beer each evening. The front desk was on point with hospitality out of this world
Rating: 2
Text: Unfortunately the staff did not provide us with a pleasant experience. Booked a 2 night stay in a king suite with a rep on site and was given a confirmation #. Upon check-in was told we booked a queen size room. Provided confirmation # , but was rudely told we shouldn't have booked through Expedia and the fault was ours. Since it was Decatur Celebration weekend, no other options (there or elsewhere) were available so we took what was available. Come to find out later another patron with the same last name booked a similar stay through Expedia and was given our room. The next morning the same rude rep confirmed their mistake and offered to have us switch rooms but our minds were made up and we were cutting our trip short. The rooms were fairly clean and hotel seemed nice but the check in experience ruined our opinion on staying here again.
