Country Hearth Inn & Suites - Decatur
Rating: 2
Text: Not really a nice place overall. But if you just need a place to crash for the night and don't want to pay more than $60, it will work. Rooms are clean but you'll find paint chips in the bathroom, probably a few crumbs in the carpet. But if you're not picky and are strictly looking for a place to sleep for a few hours and get a shower , it's fine.  Clientele often includes a number of shady characters (they also rent by the week, so expect some transients and maybe a sex worker or two)  but everyone kinda minds their own business. I wouldn't consider it a "threatening" environment by any stretch but not recommended for a family stay. Bottom line, if you're a trucker or just passing through Decatur, you could do worse for the price. Also, no elevator here so know that if you have a lot of baggage. Staff is friendly and helpful.
Rating: 3
Text: Close to stores, and pages to eat. Gas station close as well. Shower was supremely super hot. Continental breakfast was slim to none.
Rating: 3
Text: Today is my first day here. I will be here for 7 days. They did allow me to have my dogs here. Lady at front desk was very understanding about the requests I had upon arrival. But the room itself needs a lot of TLC. The carpet is moist and nasty feeling. The curtains are dirty. Can't open the window because of spiders. The bed is uneven. The blanket has holes in it. There is no elevator so you have to climb steps all the way to the 3rd floor which is hard to do when u have copd. The carpet also is ripped and not connected in spots. I moved the mini fridge and there was several items under and behind it that the housekeeping clearly didnt clean the room correctly. So we will see how these next 7 days go for the stay I'm here. Hopefully I find me a house soon. 
Rating: 1
Text: Do not stay here . Staff is rude . It's always loud especially at night. When I called to tell the people at the front desk  about the noise problem all they did was tell me there was nothing they could do . All the manager suggested was that he would move me rooms instead of fixing the problem because the people that were making noise had already rented their room. Maids also hardly ever clean my room has only been vacuumed once in a week
Rating: 3
Text: Cheap prices, breakfast in the morning, decent rooms. The bad is the fridges are unplugged untill you get in there.
