Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Crystal Lake, IL
Rating: 4
Text: Clean room and comfortable bed. Microwave, fridge, and decent TV in room. Nice breakfast in the morning served until 10:30 AM. Late check-out at noon which was nice for the morning after a wedding. Plenty of parking and easy enough to find the hotel. Quality experience.
Rating: 3
Text: My husband I were visiting friends in the area and decided to stay here. When we arrived the main desk person seemed distracted and uninterested. (no welcome or hello at all). We stood there some time while they were taking care of other phone calls and some gentlemen said they would be with us shortly. We waited 10-15 mins. before we were helped for check in. She did not explain much of anything. Had to ask when breakfast was. They did have our room ready an hour early which was nice and the room was very clean. Some wear issues like a slight tear in the shear curtain, tub faucet had a gap with no caulk, pillows were not very comfortable in our room. The bed was comfortable to me , but not my husband. Breakfast was very good in the morning with a nice selection of items. When checking out the receptionist was very friendly which was a nice change from the one the day before.  Would try somewhere else next time though.
Rating: 5
Text: Over all i'd give this place a 5/5. The lobby area and the hallways were clean and well kept. The room was clean every day and they did an a great job making sure we had all the towels or products we needed. They have breakfast every morning with a variety of food such as cereal, pastries, waffles, and a different hot food every morning. The guest relations were friendly and professional. I'd most definitely be coming back to crystal lakes and will be looking to stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: Spacious room, and a surprisingly good continental breakfast. Building is a little dated but still comfortable.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel is very nice and clean, and the staff were very friendly. I would definitely stay here again
