Country Home Inn
Rating: 4
Text: This motel is easy to find and get to, right off the highway. It has been updated since my last stay, with new mattresses and decor. The kids said there wasn't much to the courtesy breakfast, just toast and juice but there are plenty of nearby restaurants if you are looking for something more hearty. Nice quiet location, cool a.c., and a good night's sleep!
Rating: 1
Text: I have never left a company a bad review, but this was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. My husband and I were in town for an event and booked a non-smoking room 6 months earlier. The day we arrived, we were given a smoking room, despite specifically requesting a non-smoking room and having a non-smoking confirmation. The man at the front desk told us there were no more rooms available and we were out of luck, then gave the people behind us a non-smoking room. 

My husband has asthma and spent most of the evening struggling to breath. I just had surgery and was told to specifically avoid smoking areas, and I am worried about the success of my surgery. They wouldn't refund us, and the next closest hotel was 25 miles away, so we were stuck. 

The most frustrating part is the lack of sympathy or desire to fix the situation. We understand things happen and as the only hotel in town, they were full. But the only apology we received was a week after our stay, when they called to say "we're sorry for the inconvenience, but booking a non-smoking room does not guarantee a non-smoking room". Well-run businesses do not do this, or at least show remorse for their poor actions or provide a partial refund. They honestly did not care or even try to remedy the situation, even though it affected our health, and could have severe affects on the success of my surgery. 

We do not recommend anyone stay here, as they don't care about the people who support their business. My husband and I travel frequently for work and pleasure, and have stayed in some questionable hotels, but this was hands down the worst hotel we've ever stayed in. If you have any choice to stay elsewhere, please do that.
Rating: 4
Text: Under new management since our last visit, but nothing has really changed. Still clean rooms, good price. Breakfast is a little animic, but for the price it's fair enough. Have a good stay. Jeff
Rating: 4
Text: Best room for area. Stayed several times. No frig or coffee pot n room. Coffee n lobby at all time. Clean. 
Rating: 1
Text: Specifically reserved a non-smoking room (why do smoking rooms even exist in 2017? Go outside you bums) 6 months before our stay. My wife had neck surgery a few months ago and is not supposed to be around smoke at all per doctors' orders. We were given a smoking room despite confirmation showing that we had booked a non-smoking room. Front desk refused to remedy the problem and did not seem interested in the least. My wife now has a spinal fusion that may not heal correctly because of their negligence and breach of contract. 

It would behoove anyone traveling to this town to find other arrangements.
