Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Galesburg, IL
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms are quite. I was there with a wedding party and also knew someone there having a kid's birthday party. Never heard anything. Rooms where nice and clean, although we didn't get maid service the second day we were there. I took the do not disturb of the door at 10:15, they must have already been past the room and didn't come back to check.
Rating: 2
Text: Room 125
THE BAD
(1)  Smoke alarm not fully attached to ceiling.  It fell and was hanging by the wires, emitting an ear-piercing sound.
(2)  Unheated bathroom has only uptake vent.
(3) (a) Air conditioner was noisy, even on low heat.  (b) It was difficult to adjust to a 'just right' temperature.  It was either too hot or too cold.         
(4)  Air in room was not clean, with perfumy smell.  We started sneezing when entering the room.
(5)  Drain in bathtub didn't close properly.
(6)  Large hole and small hole in window screen.
(7)  Kleenex chrome holder had rust spots all over.
(8)  (a) Hotel staff person couldn't find reservation, which had been checked three times previous to arrival.  
(9)  Hotel price was $160 per night including taxes and fees with a AAA discount.  And it was not even a suite.  This seemed expensive to me in view of the number of issues with the room.  NO monetary compensation was offered.  I was told that the room will be worked on in the future.  Big help!

THE GOOD
Follow up comments from previous issues:
(1)  Staff came immediately and turned off the alarm.  Maintenance staff reattached it to the ceiling, partly.
(4) (d)  Staff offered to  de-ionize the room.
(7) (b) Night staff person found reservation within a few minutes, and straightened out complexities.
(10)  In the morning I reported the issues.  Staff was polite and apologized for the issues I reported. 

Room was clean, although beds were a bit rumpled.
Even tho room is a stone's throw from the highway, it was relatively quiet.
Breakfast included cooked oatmeal.  :  )
Rating: 1
Text: The worst Country Inn & Suites I have ever staid at.  The bathroom is disgusting, the shower curtains are stained and moldy, with large buildup of dirt at the top of the shower.  

My room had a ceiling fan - that is just covered in dust.    

I would have mentioned this to the front desk - but they aren’t even there.  The hotel staff is on the third floor in their own room. So you have to call the hotel phone just to get someone to come down and check you in. 

Fat below the standards of what I have come to expect from this chain.
Rating: 3
Text: Room was OK. Bathroom was a mess. The vanity was broken and hap-hazardly put back together. The floor was the same way. Bed was comfortable and rest of the room was nice.
Rating: 5
Text: Great staff, more than accommodating, we were there for business and housekeeping was willing to work with our night shift schedule, the rooms could use some updating (cracked floor tiles in the bathroom and such) but it was absolutely clean!
