Country Hearth Inn & Suites - Fulton
Rating: 2
Text: The rooms themselves were not terrible, but there were a few things that made the experience less than great. The beds did not have fitted sheets, it was simply a basic sheet tucked into the bed that was easily disturbed and undone. The pool has a sign that was alarming and said if you had long they suggested you use a cap when swimming. Our key cards would quit working every morning and we had to go get them reinstated. The staff was very friendly and pleasant, especially the woman at the front desk. But during breakfast one morning, they had run out of utensils. There was also an issue where the people next door to us shoved towels under their door, tucked in their curtains, yelled at each other, and it smelt like marijuana from their room.
Rating: 2
Text: Hotel was rather dirty, we had toenail clippings and cigarette butts on our room floor. The towels, bed sheets, and pillow cases were all stained. I put my Tshirt over my pillow and wore long sleeves and pants so I didn't have to touch the bed. Our toilet lifted off the floor. Ain't much for a "free Breakfast" and the coffee tasted like ashes. We had 3 rooms here, me and my sister were in room 220 and one of the other rooms we had the door did not lock properly. Yes it's an older hotel which would be fine if you actually spent time and cleaned it right, vacuum properly, put some bleach in with the towels and bed stuff, and maybe get some new bed spreads. Would not recommend this hotel to anyone unless it cleaned up.
Rating: 3
Text: Decent room. Housekeeping could do a better job with towels.(Hand towels had dried food) The front desk people were really friendly. Overall a good hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: I have had such an amazing experience staying here. All of the staff has been so incredible a special shout out to Rebecka your kindness and compassion made this my best stay i have ever had in any hotel! Thank you!
Rating: 5
Text: This is a big clean, modern rooms with all amenities of a suite. Proper rooms. You can sign in at any time of the day or night and find a room. Excellent service staff. Excellent reception. Super secure and super safe location. You don't have to worry about your things going missing. Well monitored. Easy access from the highway. Comfortable. Has a pool. And also a continental breakfast, where if you ask for a little bit more a little bit more will be out the next morning. I would definitely try it if you need to be in Fulton for anything. Whether it be Court, real business, or just off roading with some good old boys... It's well worth the money. Bargain prices, big beds and no bugs. Good spot, seriously easy access and delivers spot on. Try it.
