Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Wichita Northeast, KS
Rating: 4
Text: This was a cozy little respite before a conference the next morning. I checked in just past 9pm to find the room clean. The bed was very comfortable, and breakfast was waiting as I checked out. I started my day with great coffee and protein.
Rating: 5
Text: Well pleased! We stayed here twice this week. The desk staff are ultra efficient and very friendly. I felt like they anticipated our arrival.
We had a king bed each time and in my mind the quality of the room and its amenities are usually associated with pricier hotels. The first visit, we found a goodie bag with some snacks. An unexpected bonus.
Rating: 1
Text: The room always had a humid smell. The towels were dirty because the washing machine was broken so they used the guest laundry machines and they loaded them up so much that the towels only get wet because there was no room for the machine to actually do any washing. I only know this because I has to wait 2 hours before I was even allowed to do my laundry. Housekeeping staff claimed the machines all day. Bed sheets and covers where old and worn out. Shower was so worn out there were 2 separate dips on the shower floor where water just accumulated. Air conditioner and shower fan were extremely loud. Side door is kept open with a rock because the key access is broken so hallway is always hot. Coffee pots for guest were empty half the time of our 2 week stay. We only stayed because we had already prepaid 2 weeks and would get penalized for making changes.
Rating: 5
Text: We just stayed there. Michelle was the one who checked us in and out during our 2 1/2 day stay. She was AWESOME!!! EVERYONE from housekeeping to Rachael the mngr and Kay Sue the sales manager. THE breakfast was great and staff great. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR YOUR HOSPITALITY AND GREAT SERVICE IN OUR TRIP AWAY FROM ARKANSAS. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
Rating: 2
Text: Maybe I just got unlucky because other reviews seem positive. I went to check in around 10 pm after getting into town and the first room they gave me was not cleaned by housekeeping after the previous occupant checked out. They tried another room but that one was dirty as well. Those were the only two available so they sent me over to Northrock Suites just up the road. Not comparable at all but I was tired so I decided to bite my lip. The ladies were very polite and apologetic about the situation however. I stayed here another night and they gave me a clean room on the first try but the lock on the fitness center was broken and they had to manually unlock it for me. No sign on the door, not propped open to save people and them the hassle. Then I was eating breakfast and I overheard conversation at the front desk of a housekeeper who straight up walked off the job. Might explain why some rooms don't get cleaned...
