Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Kalamazoo, MI
Rating: 4
Text: Update: We left our daughter's toy there and after almost a month since we had stayed there, they still had it and shipped it back to us right away. Very impressed with that!

It is nice hotel, the employees were nice and accommodating. The location is a little confusing to find if you don't know the area but once we found the correct road it was fine. We got a two queen beds room and there was a pull out couch also, which we didn't need but was a nice extra. The rooms were spacious and clean, breakfast was a typical hotel breakfast (eggs, sausage, potatoes, waffles, pastries, bagels, oatmeal, cereal). Overall, I enjoyed the one night stay we had.
Rating: 2
Text: Had a last minute booking deal online for a suite, at a good price.

Front desk was not helpful. They had prominent signage discussing military and veteran rates and upgrades; normally I don't bother bringing it up as it's a hassle, but I figured I'd ask about it, since I am a vet. "No, you already have the best rate." "Oh, OK, no big deal. What about the room upgrade it mentions?" *blank stare*

Got to room, it doesn't have a pack n play, as requested. Call front desk, am told they don't have any. Considering they were mentioned at the hotel's website, this is odd.

Bathtub spews yellow water, like their water softener has long since been exhausted, and iron is plentiful.

Bed is among the most uncomfortable I've ever slept on. Hard and lumpy.

Ceiling looks like they ripped the drywall off to give it a faux-industrial look with exposed joists, but it just ends up looking incomplete and odd.

All in all, it's a room at a decent price, but not one that I would stay at again. Below the standard I've usually seen at Country Inn and Suites. 
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly, affordable, appealing, fairly quiet, convenient location. The "executive suite" has separate bedroom and living room, nice when one is sleeping and the other awake.The full, hot breakfast was a good start to the day.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms were clean, however ours smelled like smoke in a non-smoking room. Pool is small. Only 2 chairs at two tables to watch my children in the pool. Otherwise you have to stand while your kids swim. Breakfast was decent. People at the front desk were very nice. I probably wouldn't stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: The room was standard. My complaint is that we were given unclean towels repeatedly. When we arrived the towels were discolored and some even had hair on them. After the staff cleaned the first day, they replaced the towels with more discolored, hairy towels. The staff at the front desk were completely unconcerned. That’s just nasty.
