Country Plantation House
Rating: 1
Text: After I was witness to a beautiful, gorgeous wedding I found out that all of the young women, the bride and bridesmaids, who slept there the night before was left without locks on the doors to protect them. It wasn't discovered until everyone was ready for bed! All of the sweet ladies put that behind them because nobody wants to cause a fuss the night before such a well planned, lovely wedding. However, some were a bit uneasy. Please do not assume that you are safe in the country. Later after the wedding some of the groomsmen discovered they had items stolen from them in the "secure" rooms they were given to change in downstairs. As for management... they were completely unapologetic. A sorry this has happened goes a long way. Customer Service and Public Relations are key when you have an upscale venue, without it even a beautiful business is doomed to fail. I am not reviewing any other aspect of the venue because I find it tasteless to review someone's special wedding day. However, safety is something that I cannot ignore. 
Rating: 1
Text: I booked a reservation online for a group of 10 for Sunday April 30 at 11:30.  I received a confirmation email at the time of booking and a second confirmation reminder a few days before the scheduled date.  We traveled almost an hour to get there only to find out that the restaurant was closed for a wedding that had been booked over a year ago. I think the most disappointing part was how we were treated. Basically, we were told sorry and asked to leave before the wedding group arrived.  Excuse me, but this is not the way to treat people who thought they had a reservation.  
First, if the wedding was booked a year ago, the date should have been blocked off on the online calendar.  
Second, the least you could have done was take our name and number and compensate us in some way in the future.  
Third, and maybe most importantly.  Take the online booking option off the website if it isn't working properly or if someone is not going to check it for errors.
Luckily, Shady Cliff was open and able to accommodate our group so we didn't have to drive another hour to find food and the food and service were excellent.  
Bottom line, if you want to eat at the Country Plantation, CALL for reservations.  Do not use the online booking.  Or better yet, go somewhere else.
Rating: 1
Text: What Valerie's review said - almost word for word!!! Unfortunately, I did not read reviews prior to driving OVER AN HOUR to get there (April 30). On top of that, we had asked another couple to meet us there and they also had to drive more than an hour.  Can you say "embarrassed"?  We were so disappointed as it was to celebrate our 35th anniversary. After some "conversation" we did manage to get a gift certificate for a future date (which I will CONFIRM via VOICE/EMAIL), however, were treated rather abruptly.  I will give this business a second chance to make good on a shabby first impression but am still having a hard time understanding their public relations thought process.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to eat.  Sandy Davis is very helpful with our daughters wedding.
Rating: 5
Text: Food is outstanding. You won't leave hungry!!!
