Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Cincinnati Airport, KY
Rating: 4
Text: Overall nice place to stay. Clean enough. Fresh cookies in the evening, plenty of coffee tea & hot cocoa available too. Nice pool & hot tub. Breakfast has plentiful options, including make your own waffles. A few minor issues like faucet in shower/bath is backwards & operated oddly. An extra sink in the room didn't have cold water, only warm/hot. Nice amenities in room: microwave, fridge, coffee maker, etc. We would stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: We always stay at this hotel when we visit Cincinnati. Even though the hotel is getting a bit dated, it is always clean and the staff is very friendly. The breakfast always has a good variety and us well stocked with. The location is convenient to the airport and downtown Cincinnati.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean rooms, great sound be control walls. Couldn't hear the planes much and even though I heard a baby crying next door when we were in the hall, I could not hear it while in our room. Continental breakfast was ok, limited but enough where you had choices. Cleaning staff always seemed to be at work and staff was very friendly. Overall a good hotel!
Rating: 2
Text: Just not a very clean place to stay. Nothing felt like it was cleaned at all, just arranged. There were hairs on the floor of the bathroom and dirt along the edges of the carpet in the room we stayed in. The floor we stayed on had a continual funky odor. Like it was musty/moldy. For the price per night it should be MUCH better kept. Also, toilet had a ton of "repairs" to the porcelain and it looked disgusting. Just buy a new toilet already!
Rating: 3
Text: We spent three nights and the moment we walked into our room, there was a "funky" odor.  We asked several times for some air freshener.  On our last night there we stopped at front desk to ask about places to go eat.  As soon as we walked up to the desk, we were asked if anyone ever sprayed our room?  As soon as we said "no", that young man dissapeared.  When we got up to our room we found that he hurried up there and sprayed.  The spread on the foot of the bed was damp.  When we came back from dinner, the spray scent was gone and the old smell was back.  The second day the housekeeper didn't clean coffee maker, old coffee still in it, there was no coffee left for the next morning.  Our room was never vacuumed, we know this because crumbs from the first night were still on the floor the morning we checked out.  There is more but I won't continue.  Breakfast was provided and very good. The young lady working in the dinning area did a great job of keeping everything filled and the area clean.  Front desk was very friendly and helpful.  My complaints all have to do with housekeeping.  They either need training or firing.
