Country Inn & Suites By Carlson, Chicago O'Hare South, IL
Rating: 3
Text: With a quiet location just outside Chicago, this hotel provides easy access to the airport. The rooms were a bit dated and not as clean as I expected, but they are in the process of constructing a new building on site so once that is done, rooms should be updated. Their service was great and the breakfast was one of the better ones coming from a hotel chain. There might be better choices in the area, but this one definitely was not the worst place I have stayed at. I'd just be aware of the construction if you plan to stay here in the near future.
Rating: 3
Text: Its great for people who are trying to stay new O'Hare airport. Also, food nearby was relish. However, the place had decent amenities. Nothing over the top. Also, the hallways and outdoors constantly smelled like someone was smoking cigarettes or marijuana. Bed could have been more comfortable, but it wasn't the worst. Lastly, shower pressure?? None at all. It was decent but could have been way better!
Rating: 5
Text: My kids wanted to swim so I came online looking for a nice hotel with a pool without hassling my pockets! I'm so glad I found this hotel. There is construction going on next door but that didn't bother me at all nor did the gravel ground. I don't understand why some reviewers have complained about that. The place was still fairly quiet if you're the kind of person who doesn't like noise. For the price I made, the hotel and staff most definitely exceeded all my expectations. Our room was very clean. The beds were comfortable. The pool area was very nice. My kids had a blast!! We ordered pizza and had it delivered to the room. The following morning we got up and had breakfast. Breakfast was very tasty! The people in the hotel were so friendly. My children and I will be back very soon! Thank you guys!!
Rating: 1
Text: An arm pit, poorly maintained. Beds rock hard. Blood on bed sheets. Room was dirty and dusty. TV broken. Light bulbs out all over the property. Ice machine broken. Soda machine broken. Under construction and had to park a block away. Had to walk through a construction site to get to the entrance. Birds nests built all over the front entry. Woke up at 7am and told to move our car or it would be towed. Free breakfast is low grade. I've been to hundreds of hotels. This is in the top 5 worse.
Rating: 5
Text: There was a second building being built during my 2 night stay. So the parking was limited, and the lot was a mess. That being said, the room I stayed in was updated, staff was extremely friendly, everything was great.
