Courtyard by Marriott Dayton Beavercreek
Rating: 4
Text: I was here for an event in a conference room. The staff were all great and the facility was clean and we'll kept. The only real negative was the noise since the lobby is right outside the room and we could hear people laughing and talking in the bar area.
Rating: 3
Text: We had some problems here....we were in the middle of a major cross country move. Moving here from Vegas as our first Air Force Base. We were staying here for ten days while looking for housing. Thank goodness, my family is only an hour away in Cincinnati. We planned on using this room as we needed it because of housing, on-base work, the baby. But we also went back to Cincinnati quite frequently because of having more space for the baby. 

Well, that REALLY threw house-keeping off. I guess they thought we were gone for good because they did things like clear out our fridge of baby food and take away the pack and play. This led to major problems. Imagine, if you will, having a busy and early morning of work and house hunting. You’re one year old’s nap time rolls around and he’s very fussy, making life during a move even more stressful. All you want in the whole world is to get him a bite to eat and/or down for a nap. So you return to your trusty hotel! Only to find that his food and his bed are gone. So now you have to call the front desk to request a pack and play, which of course takes twenty minutes. That’s twenty minutes of your baby getting increasingly worked up. So when the bed finally comes, he’s so nuts that it takes him a solid 45 minutes to calm down before falling asleep. 

I will say that when we reported all of this to management (eyes full of tears because #StressedFirstTimeMom) they were more than sorry and helpful. They even offered us an extra night of the room on them! Which was much appreciated!! 

But obviously there are problems when it comes to communication with the house cleaning staff. I hope they figure out a better way to take care of special needs.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel is in a good location, lots of things near by. Rooms were clean and good sized. Would definitely stay there again.
Rating: 5
Text: I was visiting my mom here and the room was giant and immaculate. The workers were very nice and accommodating
Rating: 4
Text: Great hotel for the area. Recently remodeled and easy to get to. Great and friendly staff. Only downside is no microwave in the room. 
