Courtyard by Marriott Des Moines West/Jordan Creek
Rating: 3
Text: Normally I really like this hotel. I have stayed here before and my experience has been great. This time the staff was still very nice but they did not mention a points bonus and the room I was given had really gross stained sheets. I don't know whether they were washed they may have been. I think they just needed to be thrown away and replaced. I don't really care about the look of the bed per se although the dust ruffle was crazy wrinkled and with the sheets in that state it did not seem like they had taken a lot of pride in the look of that room. Other than that everything was very good just like normal. Maybe that was just a temporary housekeeping issue. I don't know.
Rating: 5
Text: Very large room for a reasonable price. The room was very clean. I thought the bed was comfortable, but my wife and a few friends, that also had rooms here, disagree with me on this. The location is easy to access and is near several restaurants, bars, a movie theatre and a mall. The parking lot was not adequate for the number of guests and our friends had to park across the street in the mall parking lot over night.
Rating: 5
Text: I love the room designs here! You go to a hotel and have an idea of what your in for and we walk in and the layout is completely unique! The bed faces the window  and the rooms have a fridge, microwave, desk, tv, wardrobe and many other options. Friendly staff and lots of close stores!
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean and comfortable, nice staff.  They cut breakfast off a little too early.  Breakfast selection seems simple enough to keep going and it's made to order so there's no food standing out like a continental breakfast.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was clean and rooms nice. At first my key card didn't work so I needed to get another one made after checking in. Also, trying to get a drink at the bar in the evening took about 20 minutes because there was no bartender. The hotel is in a great location and within walking distance of many restaurants and stores in an up and coming area of Des Moines
