Courtyard by Marriott Bettendorf Quad Cities
Rating: 4
Text: I recently stayed here about 2 days ago and I was pleasantly surprised about the quality of the place. I travel a lot for my job but I don't put much stock in hotel brand names primarily cuz I've stated at some really good name brand hotels that haven't been that great in the past. The beds are specially soft and comfortable and the room was very spacious and pleasant and clean. if I had to say one thing that was negative in particular it would be that they keep putting a hold on my card. two days after I left there for about 20 bucks and I would have thought it would be gone. I'm hoping that will clear soon enough though it was a very pleasant stay and I wouldn't mind staying there again.
Rating: 1
Text: The staff at the Courtyard Marriott in Bettendorf, Iowa is rude, disrespectful,  and does NOT believe the needs of its handicapped guests should come first!  

Despite the fact that I made reservations for three rooms almost  three months in advance and paid UPFRONT for a room that was handicapped accessible with a roll-in shower for a member of our party who suffers with MS, we were told upon check-in that the ONE room  in the hotel that had a roll-in shower had been given to someone else earlier in the month and that person  was there for a long-term stay.  The members of my party had all driven almost 300 miles each to enjoy two nights together  in the Courtyard Marriott only to be told that our specific request, one that had been paid for in advance, was no longer available because they only HAD one accessible room - something no one had mentioned prior to check-in.

I do not know why we were never contacted prior to our check-in about the conflict in reservations even though I had paid for the room and specified that an accessible room was the ONLY option for my friend. I had even called two weeks prior to our stay just to be sure the reservations were all good to go and was told at that time that they were.   No problems. 

And oh yes -  at check-in, the desk clerk also rudely informed me when we said we would have to go elsewhere to find a place to stay that my $208 upfront payment would not be refunded for the room that had been "given" to someone else. Evidently, I had paid for the "potential" to get an accessible room and not an "actual" accessible room!!   However, after a call to her manager, which I insisted upon, we were quickly refunded the money. One hurdle cleared.  But the rest remained too big to manage.

Since there were no other rooms with roll-in showers at this Marriott, - again - something NO ONE had told me prior to check-in -  another three rooms at another hotel,  including a room that WAS accessible,  had to be quickly procured which led to a significant increase in our room costs because of the MISmanagement and lack of concern by the Marriott staff.  A new hurdle thrown in our path.

From the reservation desk staff to the local manager to the corporate level of Marriott, we have been treated with disrespect and a lack of empathy for a person who has no options but to stay in a room with a roll-in shower.   We weren't asking for an east facing window or a special brand of soap; we were asking for a room that a person with special needs could enjoy and be comfortable in.  Evidently, that is not possible for the Marriott corporation - especially this particular Bettendorf location. 

Avoid this particular hotel if you have needs beyond the basic human functions.  The staff makes no effort to be polite or understanding when the room we paid for is simply given away and there are no other rooms available,  and they are disrespectful and inconsiderate when it comes to those with handicaps.  If you have special needs, stay somewhere else!!
Rating: 5
Text: We attended a fundraiser for Tori's Art of Hope at the Courtyard. The space was perfect and the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The conference room, lobby, and restaurant areas were all very clean. There was ample parking for the event. It was wonderful!
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and friendly service. Great rates also
Rating: 5
Text: Nice hotel with great location. Good size rooms. Super clean. Friendly staff.
