Courtyard by Marriott Kansas City at Briarcliff
Rating: 2
Text: My husband and I stayed at the hotel for two nights. We were booked into room 235. The room is a good size and nicely furnished. However, the floor, ceiling and walls are paper thin. You are able to hear everything happening all around you. Saturday night we get back from the wedding we flew in for and there is a live band playing right below our room. Apparently there is a venue attached to the hotel, but is not associated with Courtyard by Marriott. I went to the front desk to find out what time the band would be finished and was told midnight. I find this unacceptable. At checkout I told the woman that no one mentioned the fact that our room was over this venue and that on the weekends the quiet time is midnight. I let the woman know that if I were to have had children or an early flight they would’ve been moving us that night. Not everyone  wants to stay in until midnight. The hotel was completely book as there were three different weddings who had guests staying in this hotel. I was also told the GM was the only person that dealt with the other venue. The GM should then realize not to agree to have a party the same night they are at full capacity or they should not book people in those rooms and lose their revenue. I got an “I’m sorry “ and I’ll speak to the GM. I’ve never stayed at a Courtyard by Marriott and after this experience I don’t think I ever will again if I can help it.
Rating: 2
Text: The rooms were great! Clean and comfortable. The pool is very well kept! The staff on the other hand, were very rude. Asked where the washrooms were since our room wasn't ready and she asked what do you mean like the toilets? Called in the morning to see when the pool opened and the girl who answered sounded very annoyed about my question. We were visiting for a wedding just as guests not part of the wedding and we got a phone call saying, "I have camera men down here" my mother responded, "okay... We're not part of the bridal party." She was very rude and said "What am I suppose to do with them then?" Thankfully we knew what room the bride was in and we directed them there. Otherwise who knows what could if happened if they called a guest who didn't know about the wedding. Lastly, if you want a quiet hotel on a weekend, this is not your place. They have weddings or party's down stairs and the music was so loud. I called the front desk as my daughter was trying to sleep and he told me it will be over at 11. It did not end until midnight. We will find a different hotel next time we come into Kansas City.
Rating: 3
Text: We upgraded to an executive sweet and were not informed there would be construction right outside of our window so our entire vacation we get to wake up to power tools outside our window at 7am!!!! Would have not upgraded to a nicer room if we had known we wouldn't be able to enjoy any sleep while we are on vacation. We complained asked for another room and were told our clock has noise on it to drown out the noise. No offer of a discount or anything else to make up for the fact that we are getting no sleep and cannot enjoy our vacation since we are tired. Last year it was great, this year the customer service has clearly gone down hill and we are stuck paying extra for a nicer room we can't get any sleep in, if we would have known or been informed we would have taken a cheaper room where we could get some sleep. They really failed this year.
Rating: 5
Text: nice location, plenty of parking, great on the hill view, friendly staff. overall we enjoyed our stay. Big thanks to Ryan and Stephanie for sending me my item that i left behind. Much appreciated. don't like some of the people who stayed there. They were not children friendly and easily irritated by the noise. the floor is thin.
Rating: 5
Text: Good location, about a 10 minute drive to downtown. Easy to get Lyft/Uber to move around. Free parking as well. Hotel decor is modern, it's well maintained, and some rooms have a great view of the city. Rooms are comfortable and spacious. Bathroom has good temperature and water pressure. Like any Courtyard, there's a bistro with decent prices and options, and a market for snacks and essential toiletries. Staff was friendly and courteous.
