Courtyard by Marriott Indianapolis South
Rating: 5
Text: Great stay. Decor is fresh and welcoming. 
Room was clean and comfortable.
Staff friendly and helpful. 
Quite nice.
Rating: 4
Text: Great rooms and amenities with a convenient location. Easy access to I-65.
Rating: 3
Text: Decent hotel, clean room. Staff was nice but everyone smelled like an ashtray and I saw my fair share of faded tattoos. Have stayed at many Courtyards, but this one could use a little work. When you hear that there is a bistro-style breakfast instead of a traditional buffet-style continental breakfast, you'd expect at least a good meal. My food and coffee had to be ordered twice, only to receive a croissant with burnt eggs and charred bacon 45 minutes later. I would have been much happier with the standard yogurt, granola, and self-serve coffee I normally expect from a hotel stay. 
Rating: 4
Text: Perfect location for an Indianapolis-to-Greenwood stay. Excellent access to local eateries and watering holes in the Greenwood/Southport area. Rooms are decently sized and offer a range of bedding from King to two twins and the option for a small balcony. Televisions have recently been upgraded to a much larger HD flatscreen. Staff is friendly and helpful at every junction! Strongly recommend a stay here.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed 8 nights and making reservations for this hotel was complicated. But I'm not entirely sure it was the hotels fault completely as we started the business trip with group reservations through central reservations. Long story short wrong names with rewards numbers. It was easily corrected at checkin with the hotel. But it did cause my room to not be based off of my "preffered" settings, such as being on the top floor. I checked in and 2 days later requested a move to a top floor due to the "elephant" in the room above me. 2300 and what sounds like stomping in unacceptable to me when I will be in a hotel for over a week. The hotel has all the amenities of a Courtyard including the newly renovated Bistro. The hotel staff informed us that a room renovation will be starting in OCT 12 by sections, so I would expect some noise during that timeframe. Overall, very nice place to stay and within walking distance (3-5 minutes) to many chain restaurants like steak n' shake, carrabas, cheeseburger paradise, couple of pubs etc. thanks for reading! Videos on my YouTube Channel.

Pros:
- fastest WIFI I have seen in hotels this year (even over the weekend)
- bistro serves Starbucks
- staff willingness and ease of "customer satisfaction"
- free breakfast included with the hotel rate

Cons:
- reservations
