Courtyard by Marriott Columbus Airport
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed 2 nights for business, and the hotel was very comfortable and the staff were friendly. The room was clean and spacious, and the common areas were warm and inviting. I enjoyed a drink at the bar, which was delicious; however, a bit pricey.
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel was nice and clean BUT we were in a room (room 249) that was directly above the entrance door. There was slamming going on ALL NIGHT such that you could not sleep. When we went to complain to the front desk staff the next morning he told us that it couldn't be a door but a mechanical error or some sort??? Either way, if you get this room then do not stay in it!! (ROOM 249). Also, there was no microwave in the room which is something you really rely on when traveling and should be a basic amenity to a hotel at this point.
Rating: 2
Text: I’m surprised this is a Marriott property. My software company is asking us to be fiscally responsible with our travel budget so I decided to give Courtyard a try. Never again. While the room appeared clean they are in mechanical disarray and in need of extensive maintenance. 6 inches of standing water in my tub. Peeling wall paper and paint. Mold in the shower. Cracked bathroom tiles.  Loose faucet that was crooked and pointing sideways. Badly stained carpets. Water damaged picture frame. Missing buttons in the elevator. Sadly I won’t be returning and will pass along my review to others at our tech company. #marriottmember
Rating: 2
Text: After a very long drive getting here. To find out that we have to pay for every single item purchased for breakfast. When we are here for a convention we expected to at least save money on having a nice breakfast in the morning. There is nothing useful in the rooms as in microwave, hand soap, normal coffee. Smells like cigarettes in our room and in hallway. Overall very upset with my decision of staying here. 
Rating: 4
Text: There is no complimentary breakfast. Other than that, the staff is friendly,  professional,  and accommodating.  There are several restaurants in walking distance. The shuttle is also convenient.
