Courtyard by Marriott Kansas City Country Club Plaza
Rating: 4
Text: Within walking distance of lots of restaurants and stores. Rooms were very clean. Self park in the garage behind the hotel. Nothing special but a pleasant stay all the same.
Rating: 3
Text: Beautiful building in a great location.  The breakfast buffet was good enough for the cost.  Overall it was a pleasant, though not great, place to stay.

Having plenty of cheap parking was a huge plus, though when it rained the two level garage had a waterfall in the middle of it, so that might some repair.

Housekeeping seems like they could do better, they took stuff (towels and cups) the one day we were there, but did not replace them.  I also could hear a guest complaining of an unprepared room after they checked in, and housekeeping was already gone for the day.  On top of that they only had one person working on a Friday night.  She was very overwhelmed, and I don't blame her.   Also the industrial fan pointing at the ice machine on our floor was classy.

The room overall was quite, but I think I could hear every time the people above us flushed the toilet.

Maybe I am being picky, since this is only a Courtyard but the cheap construction and poor maintenance of rooms in these hotels is always apparent.  Though I am just starting to associate that with this brand.  I suppose that is to be expected for the cost of the rooms.  There was water damage on the ceiling, a ruined view to the park due to horribly dirty windows, water damage in the bathroom, poorly cleaned tiles and floor, and the pull out table was missing a wheel.  Also, with all the technology we have today why do hotel TV guide menus still move so slow that you just want to give up after awhile?  Maybe it's to convince you to go explore the city.

But hey, at least not paying for more or better staff and maintenance they can still afford to put up christmas lights.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful rooms with very friendly staff. The only issue I'd have is with the lack of complementary free breakfast. But it is conveniently located near a shopping area. The free WiFi was kind of slow but it was reliable.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice clean rooms, beautiful old building fully modernized.  Your price also includes a very nice sector of town with very good restaurants within walking distance. Would stay again for sure.
Rating: 4
Text: Great service and friendly staff. Clean and neat room. My only complaint was the bed was hard for my liking so it wasn't a great night's sleep, but may be perfect for someone else.
