Courtyard by Marriott Columbus Grove City
Rating: 5
Text: The Courtyard by Marriot was a nice place to stay. It was easy to find and in an "easy to get to" location. The rooms were clean and had above average amenities. The staff was friendly and helpful. I would not hesitate to recommend the Courtyard to someone looking for a hotel in the Columbus area.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed there one night and the amenities are amazing, staff is amazing. We had breakfast and lunch served for our team meeting and the food and staff was just great!! Would definitely return to this hotel as well as recommend it highly!!
Thank you for a wonderful stay!!
Rating: 2
Text: First, let me say that this is a very nice hotel with wonderfull accommodations. The rooms are clean with an appealing layout, and the beds are extremely comfortable. With this being said, I would NOT suggest staying here if you have children or enjoy peace and quiet. 

We rented two rooms, one for my husband and I, and the other for our daughter and her grandparents. The first night of our stay (a Friday night) the hotel called the room where my mother-in-law, father-in-law, and daughter were already fast asleep. My father-in-law informed them that there was a small child asleep in the room so to please refrain from disturbing them at late hours (this is about 11 PM). Shortly after a manager arrives at their door, knocking and disturbing them. They had messed up the reservation for their room and said it didn't show up as being booked. My father-in-law explained that he had booked two rooms, one of them from Friday-Monday and the other from Friday-Tuesday. He provided the manager with his last name and the reservation information, and again requested not to be disturbed so as not to wake my four year old daughter. The manager apologized and left, only for the front desk to call AGAIN once he left.

My husband and I had a separate room because we did not arrive until midnight on Friday night. When we got there the lobby was absolutely packed with young individuals. We went to our room, only to realize that a lot of these individuals were outside screaming, laughing, and blasting music. It was impossible to sleep, and we were both exhausted after a 9 hour drive. My husband called the front desk and they informed us they had a party booked in the lobby, which I found absolutely ludicrous considering it was now about one in the morning. We stayed from Friday until Monday, and I do not believe we will be back. It was excessively loud every single night, and while some of the staff were as accommodating as possible, others were just plain rude and nonchalant about the matter of noise levels in the middle of the night.

My father-in-law and mother-in-law were supposed to stay until Tuesday whereas we left only a few hours ago. They found out that the hotel made an additional mistake and only booked their room until today instead of tomorrow, even after my father-in-law provided the night manager with a detailed description of the situation. Overall, a very nice hotel, but again not somewhere I would suggest anyone stay unless you're looking to stay up all night and party. Very disappointed.
Rating: 5
Text: The best. The staff was great, friendly, and most accommodating. We were a bus group of 30. One of our group left a suitcase behind upon our departure. The mamager of Courtyard chased after our bus delivering it. What excellent service.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff was nice, housekeeping was eh... They left my breakfast dish from the previous day in my room after cleaning everything else. And then the second day, I was still in the bathroom getting ready when housekeeping just tried to walk in. I kept yelling through the door that I was still here, but they ignored and kept talking to each other. It was a mess. :x The front desk staff were great, the hotel itself looks great, it is a wonderful place to stay. Just the housekeeping... GAH.
