Courtyard by Marriott Columbus Tipton Lakes
Rating: 4
Text: The staff was helpful and pleasant. The room was clean and comfortable. The hot tub and pool were clean. Over all our stay was good. The hotel is near some pretty good places to eat within walking distance. We would stay here again.
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed 6 Nights in this room. I would have rated this "Poor" but I understand that "things" can happen out of the hotels control. Like employees calling in sick. It all started on the 1st day of arrival. I go upstairs to a 2 bed queen (Requested King). Called Staff and hotel was full so no other room available. It appeared that they just finished cleaning the carpet as that was the "Smell" that lingered and the carpet was still slightly wet.  So I shrug it off and move on. Then after a 12 hour work day I return to my room and housekeeping had not cleaned my room. I called the front desk to make sure that the hotel policy was to clean rooms daily. It was and she was nice enough to ask if I needed anything and brought up coffee as I requested. She said she would inform the manager. Now Day 3, still did not clean my room, By this time i needed towels and soap replaced. Once again, called downstairs, requested the items and about 2 hours later... still no towels or soap. Since I have to wake so early I just gave up. Day 4 yet again no service. I did notice someone knocking on the doors further down the hall and stating "housekeeping". But this was at 7PM at night! I will not recommend or stay at this hotel by choice again. I only stayed there because this was a business trip and the corporation uses this hotel chain. When in this area again, I will return to my Indigo across the interstate, or the residence Inn further down the street, that I think are the best in this area. 

 
Pros:
- FREE Continental Breakfast
- FREE WIFI Internet (Week Signal and lows speeds)
- Cookies & the Market near the front desk area
 
Cons:
- Housekeeping! (Can't believe it's a Marriott)
Rating: 3
Text: Nice room.  The beds were very comfortable.  Bathtub needed some work.  No free breakfast and the food sold there was way too pricy.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms are very clean and no smoke smell at all. The staff is kond and the parking lot is well situated away from traffic. No free breakfast and the bistro cafe is pricy, but has decent food.
Rating: 5
Text: Quaint but with a staff that cares. The rooms are efficient for where the hotel is located.
