Courtyard by Marriott Cincinnati North at Union Centre
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms were great and the customer service was great. Glenn at the front desk was exceptionally good. There are a ton of hotels nearby so there isn't anything special unique to this hotel except this is a great area with tons of restaurants. My only complaints about the hotel are that my key card didn't work on the side door when it was raining, and that they don't serve breakfast included. There is a Starbucks/cafe/bar/restaurant that offers did but I think it costs money. The breakfast isn't that big of a deal if you are traveling for business and going to expense anyways. Overall, I'm returning in a few weeks and have already booked another room in this hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and comfortable rooms.  Was impressed with the overall appearance, I think they've made some really nice improvements in design and comfort over the years.  Nice touch that they had a cafe that was open most of the day.  I had a hungry nephew who needed food at 11:00 pm!  Would recommend this location.  Good price as well.  We paid around $200 a night for a roomy 2 queen room.
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms are clean and only rarely have I noticed traffic noise even though it is immediately adjacent to a busy road. They do describe the refrigerators accurately on their website. They are the smallest I have ever encountered with over two years of accumulated nights in hotels for work. I much prefer the Residence Inn next door, but it is frequently completely full.
Rating: 3
Text: I recently checked in  Convenient location  Friendly staff. Facility is clean and we'll maintained.A rew restaurants in easy walking distance.  My suite is a little smaller than other extended stay properties I have experienced in the past. I'll update this review at the end of my stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent hotel. It was extremely clean and very inviting as soon as you walked into the entrance. The room was a great size and the beds were very comfortable. There were plenty of towels so there was no need to ask for more. The room also had a small fridge which was nice. Quiet hotel and very nice surroundings. I would definitely stay here again.
