Courtyard by Marriott Champaign
Rating: 5
Text: When I first arrived in Champaign, I was a mess. I mean a mess. My daughter was  hospitalized here. The staff at the Champaign Courtyard by Marriott saw me at my worst - crying and boohooing. The manager and staff checked on me, hugged me, and prayed for my family. Lynn stayed in contact with me as I drove back and forth from home to visit my daughter and always had an encouraging word. That, alone, far exceeded my expectations. I'm back now to take my daughter home, and I'm so grateful God put this hotel in my path. I've stayed at plenty of Marriott and non-Marriott locations, but this is the one I will never forget.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel lobby, overall interior, and room has a nice modern feel. Customer service was quick and appreciated. My kids loved the indoor pool and hot tub, and my wife and I enjoyed this recreational part of the hotel as well. Though the taste of chemicals in both the pool and hot tub water was a bit too much, the temperature was just right in both. The kids also enjoyed the flowers in the outdoor lounging area that we could see from the indoor pool. My only wish is that the hotel stay included a free hot breakfast. There is a nice Bistro at the hotel but we opted to bring in our own breakfast from the grocery store instead to save money. Also, I was a little disappointed to find that the TV's in the lobby were not already displaying closed captioning by default. As a deaf person, I would appreciate it if this type of accommodation was mandatory in all Marriott hotel lobbies around the world, instead of having to ask staff to turn it on for me. That's part of why I rated this stay with four stars instead of five (other part is because free hot breakfast was not offered).
Rating: 5
Text: This is a fantastic hotel. The staff  were courteous and helpful. The rooms were nice and clean. Nicely decorated. The pool area was beautiful. Can't beat it for the price.
Rating: 2
Text: Most frustrating experience I have had at a hotel and I stay in hotels weekly. I had some large packages arrive that I needed for work and normally I am able to leave them in a storage space or closet for a short amount of time (overnight for a couple nights) but was told that they wouldn't do that for me and I had to rent an entire ROOM for them. I guess I won't be staying in any more Courtyards in the future.
Rating: 5
Text: Convenient location right off of the highway. It is rather noisy though. Clean and comfortable
