Courtyard by Marriott Detroit Downtown
Rating: 1
Text: I’m beyond FURIOUS with an IRRESPONSIBLE mistake this hotel made against me falsely charging my credit card OVER $1600 when i wasn’t even STAYING at the hotel. In summary, my friend was paying for a couple rooms for a convention we were going to and she wanted to check into the hotel before we went to the convention center so I just tagged along with her. Her card got declined at the front desk (as banks often lock you out of your account as security when making a big purchase, it was an easy fix, all she had to do was call her bank) the man at the front desk said we could put down any card just to have something on file as a formality and whatever card we put down would NOT be charged for check in. He says the card you check out with is what get charged. My friend turned to me and asked if we could just put my card down just until she calls her bank and she would immediately switch it back to hers. Apprehensively, i obliged, making the man at the front desk reiterate like 3 times that i would NOT BE CHARGED.
 Fast forward to check out, my friend switched the card back to hers and everything appeared normal. The following week i see on my credit card over $1600 TOTAL WAS CHARGED FROM COURTYARD MARRIOTT. I was enraged. I got ahold of my friend in sheer panic asking her why i got charged. She assured me she DID switch it back to her card, but in addition she was very puzzled because her card was charged the same amount so there should have been no reason mine was charged. So basically this hotel charged x2 of what was actually purchased, wrongly and SO IRRESPONSIBLY CHARGING ME. Ive sent emails to customer service, still waiting a respond, I’ve called twice to the hotel directly, 1.) they said that accounting could only fix my problem and they were closed for the weekend and to try calling Monday when they open at 8. 
2.) i called Monday (today) at 9:30, they put me through to accounting and I was forced to leave a message because they were away from the desk. 
(Side note, in addition to this catastrophe of a situation, I’ve been in their actual rooms, my friends all crammed in one bed because the pull out couch has “crumbs all over it” that’s nasty. Mediocre cleaning crew)
EXTREMELY. UNPROFESSIONAL. I would give 0 stars if i could.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice room and location for the price. The bar/restaurant is like a ghost area. No one was around. I waited so long just needing a water that I ended up helping myself with the bar tap. If you want coffee, walk down to the Roasting Plant or Ashe Supply.
Rating: 5
Text: Really enjoyed staying here. Rooms were really nice. The skyway and people mover are super convenient for getting around town, especially if you're at the Cobo or Renaissance Center for an event.
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel needs some serious updates. It has a weird smell in the hall ways and the rooms are out dated. I booked my room on priceline and it listed it at a 4 star hotel...this is far from a 4 star hotel. I don't care that its downtown and in Detroit, its old and run down. The only decent thing was its in a good location. I did the express deal and got it for $100/night and this hotel as it stands right now until they upgrade is maybe worth $55-70/night and I saw online they are trying to charge guest 300 or more a night for this hotel. CRAZY! I have stayed in a Quality inn nicer than this hotel. Valet was slow when bringing the cars back as well. Will only stay here again when they upgrade the whole thing. The other thing is that you cant put the thermostat below 68 degrees!! So annoying because it got hot in the room.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel room was beautiful, large, and most importantly clean. The staff was friendly. However I rated this 4 instead of 5 stars for the following 3 reasons: (1) the light in the bathroom flickered and sometimes didn't turn on. Once it came on we ended up leaving it on rather than risk it not coming on again during our stay; (2) the toilet seat didn't fit the bowl quite right or was loose and would shift off the bowl, leaving the rim exposed when someone sat down...Gross; and (3) the staff was not knowledgeable about taxi service to the hotel and instead tried to push a private car service on us. Specifically, I asked the desk staff if taxis typically came to the hotel in the morning or if we would have to call down to get a taxi to the airport. The woman working the desk said that she didn't know but that the hotel recommends using a private car service. She then gave me a card for an expensive private car, and wrote her name on the back. All I wanted was a taxi. In a big city like Detroit I expect the hotel staff to be able to provide direction regarding taking a taxi to the airport. When we left in the morning, there were indeed several taxis lined up at the corner. Bottom line- nice hotel, but in - room maintaince needs attention, and hotel staff members need training/education.
