Courtyard by Marriott Columbus Easton
Rating: 5
Text: OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE!! We stayed at the Courtyard Marriott in Easton for two nights, the rooms were clean, beds comfortable and all amenities as described. After checking out, I realized I had left a valuable item behind. The hotel staff went above and beyond to search for the item, and although it ultimately was not located their efforts meant a lot to me. I wish all hotels treated each customer with as much care and consideration as the Easton staff did for me. Thank you!
Rating: 4
Text: Location was great- many dining options within walking distance, upscale shopping, and easy to access off of a main highway. The room was pretty clean. I wish there were two sinks, a safe in the room, and more hooks in the bathroom. The pool was much smaller than originally thought. Same with the workout room--tiny. Service was good.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was decent and what I would expect from a courtyard. However the customer service was severely lacking. The woman who checked us in never cracked a smile, never thanked us for being rewards members, and never offered us are Platinum check in gift. There was no air conditioning in the workout room leaving the facility at a balmy 96 degrees. The air conditioner in our room would not respond to any of the controls so we are unable to adjust during our stay. We had an emergency in the morning and needed to travel a mile and a half down the street without enough time to walk. I inquired at the front desk about a shuttle that might take us up the road. They were incredibly unhelpful and after listening to a speech about the shuttle being prioritized for the airport I told her never mind we'll just take a taxi since the shuttle seems to be a problem. I then had to ask her for the number to a taxi company and when she tried to give it to me I had to ask her to please write it down because I couldn't possibly remember it. Again, not even so much as a smile. Not what I expected from Marriott customer service.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel location at Easton is hard to beat. Walking distance to everything. The lobby is very nice. There is a tv with cable that has most channels (excluding HBO/Showtime). It also has a restaurant in the main lobby called The Bistro. There is a poll and hot tub located ten seconds from the main receptionist desk. I highly recommend staying here.
Rating: 5
Text: Overnight getaway with my wife. Very convenient location, we were able to walk to most of our activities. Staff was friendly and always greeted us. Checked in and out via the Marriott app, very easy to use. The room was clean and quiet, had a comfy couch.
