Courtyard by Marriott Omaha Downtown/Old Market Area
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel for the price. Staff made sure our stay was what we expected otherwise they said they would've made it right. Very friendly and helpful. Happy hour is a nice touch with free beer and wine. It's also nice that it is right across from the baseball stadium. If you are going to attend the College World Series this world be a good option for anyone to stay at.
Rating: 2
Text: I phoned for a price on a room for 7 days a week in my opinion, and was given to reservations where one woman hung up on me after I asked her the price on a room for a week and she didn't know whether a week was 5 days or 7 days and I told her, 7 days is a week in my opinion and she hung up on me. I called back and asked for supervisor, and this time the other woman in reservations put me on hold for over 4 minutes. I finally left a message and hung up. This one is for the Marriott in Old Market Omaha. I will be calling the manager there and filing a complaint with corporate. This is very bad business practice when you don't care about your customers enough to even try to book a room for them in a polite, respectful manner. The first woman said "Oh, WOW" and then hung up on me after I asked for a rate for a 7 day week on a room. What kind of service is that. I'm sure it's not one that keeps customers coming back to your business for more right?
Rating: 3
Text: The place is worn - peeling paint, my drape rod was broken and couldn't open one side.  The room was clean and the bed was comfortable but you could hear your neighbors.  Location is nice for walking to the Old Market and the events center.  Had a Starbucks latte from the hotel and I've didn't think you could have a bad one but this one was.  I would stay again but don't have real high expectations.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff and management at the Courtyard Marriott Downtown Omaha are second to none in service and hospitality. My visit was professional as I was on-site for upgrades to the computer system, but I was still treated as if I was a guest. Highly recommended by me, and I gave stayed at a lot of Marriott properties.
Rating: 5
Text: Great location within walking distance of old market. King room was roomy. Some noise from outside traffic
