Courtyard by Marriott Kalamazoo Portage
Rating: 5
Text: As with any hotel stay, a clean, quiet place to rest when away from home is always welcome. My wife and I came up to the Kalamazoo area to visit the Gilmore Automobile Museum. I have stayed at Courtyard hotels in the past. This specific one is decorated in a very trendy mid-century style. The staff was very friendly! Room and hotel was very clean! It is close to shopping and a good choice of restaurants. I was a very pleasurable experience!  Will stay here again in the future!
Rating: 3
Text: Great location, very clean, and a nice lounge area. The room was average in size and well furnished. The hairdryer did not work and the toilet did not flush well. The computers were down when we arrived so it took a while to check in, though we were ultimately able to do so. Due to our late arrival and early departure we did not request assistance with the issues and otherwise had a nice stay. I thought the hotel was a little pricey for what it was, but if you are looking to stay in this area I would still recommend it.
Rating: 4
Text: Easy to see from highway, easy to access from street. Room was clean and plush. Night and morning service was excellent, afternoon service some what lacking; were told we could have late check out at 4pm when we checked in, but told we couldn't when we called to confirm the next day. When asked when they we going to let us know our late check out was revoked, the afternoon desk attendant wouldn't answer. Otherwise, it was a good enough hotel experience. Just don't make any plans that require a late check out.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms and hotel were beautiful and clean. The staff were polite but there were no microwaves in the regular rooms (suites only) and some of the wall plugs were loose in the room. We would stay there again however!
Rating: 4
Text: Have stayed here multiple times. The rooms are clean and nice for a Courtyard. Only thing I don't like is where the shower handle is to turn the water on. I keep hitting it in the shower and the water gets cold or hot. Little thing. Overall great hotel for the money.
