Courtyard by Marriott Springfield Airport
Rating: 3
Text: The stay was only for one night after a 12 hour drive and other hotels in the area were already booked.  The main floor was under construction and being remodeled but the room was nicely furnished and bed comfortable.  They do not provide any kind of complimentary services like a continental breakfast or even coffee so expect to pay for anything extra.  Overall the place met our needs for the night and we would book again if traveling through the area.
Rating: 5
Text: I recently visited some family here, which I know is not the same as staying here personally. However, I was still impressed by the cleanliness, & modernization of this particular establishment!

The first thing I noticed, after walking through the front doors, was the lovely bistro, & lounge area, available to the guests. The front desk was orderly, & kempt.

I continued down a hallway, where I passed the indoor pool, & hot tub. That's never bad to have yearly access to! The smell of chlorine, was faint, but present. Which signifies, they more than likely maintain their water. Which is great!

The rooms are fairly simple, but have pretty much what you would need. I noticed a mini fridge, desk, flat screen television, etc. The bathroom isn't huge, but it feels roomy enough for a single person. The only con I could potentially see, is storage is slightly limited. Fine, if you aren't on an extended trip.
The rooms are decent, & maintained well, apparently.

The grounds seem well kept, & there appears to be plenty of parking available. I had no trouble finding a parking space. There's even a nice courtyard area, with patio furniture to relax in.

This hotel IS pet friendly. What the guidelines are specifically, I'm not certain.

I also heard from my relative (who happens to have family that works at this location), that they could potentially be remodeling, in the near future. Which tells me, they care about the aesthetics & condition of their building.

All in all, a nice place to stay. I would recommend this place to others!
Rating: 5
Text: Used park and ride service. It's much cheaper than long term parking. Friendly service. They took care of the luggage and dropped us off at the door
Rating: 4
Text: Very convenient to the Springfield Airport. The hotel is easy to find, right off the highway. Food options in the immediate area are limited, but a 10 minute drive provides plenty of restaurants. The hotel is modern and clean with a very nice courtyard outside. The rooms are large and the beds are comfortable. The room does not have a thermostat, but a hi/lo hot/cold blower unit.
Rating: 4
Text: The courtyard was a very nice hotel. Our room was excellent but had a few indications that it could have been cleaned better. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Breakfast at the diner was overpriced... $7.50 for a sandwich. We had a good experience overall.
