Courtyard by Marriott Cleveland Westlake
Rating: 3
Text: Had an OK experience here. The building seems a bit dated but the check-in process was fast and friendly. We got the breakfast and drinks package but unfortunately because the bar is only open for a very limited number of hours we didn't get to enjoy our drinks. Had the breakfast though which was a choice of one hot or two cold items. Tasted OK but the breakfast service wasn't that friendly. The TV in the room was sort of old and oddly angled so that you had to pull it actively to get a good view on the bed. But I appreciated that they updated the bedside tables to include outlets, which was useful. As you may realize, it's a pretty inconvenient location (which I knew when I booked it) and there's not that much around.
Rating: 5
Text: We arrived at the hotel a few hours prior to check in. I had use the restroom badly and explained such to the concierge. She directed me to the restroom and was extremely pleasant. When we came back hours later, I had changed my clothes and she still remembered me. Throughout our stay, I had random obscure requests (larger glasses, extra ice.. etcetera) as well as some silly questions that were answered with smiles and kindness. All staff was fantastic and accommodating. I did not utilize the gym/pool facilities but they appeared to be up to par and I noted quite a few people using both. Also, I loved the pillows :)
Rating: 4
Text: Clean hotel, friendly and helpful staff.  Appreciated having a room with two queen-size beds instead of the usual smaller double beds.  Pool is small but the whirlpool was perfect after a long day on our feet!  Would definitely return to this hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Great hotel. Friendly staff. Love the movable furniture pieces in the room, as I am usually doing some work, and can spread out my stuff. Good price.
Rating: 4
Text: The place was clean and the staff was friendly. We had no problems during our stay. The hot tub and the pool are small but nice. No complimentary breakfast or coffee is a bit of a disappointment.
