Courtyard by Marriott Chicago Midway Airport
Rating: 3
Text: This is a great hotel! The rooms were nice. The staff was great. However, you have to pay for EVERYTHING! You pay for coffee, breakfast, parking, drinking water, everything. The on-demand movies are $17.99 each and each time you watch it. Missed a part, pay for it. You pay $17 just to park in their lot. No security, no covered parking. Just a parking lot.  We did get a coffee on the house because it was my wife's birthday. But everything else, be prepared to pay. Staff and room great. They even tell you, "We'll charge it to your room," with a smile. 
Rating: 4
Text: Location of this hotel is nice and convenient from I55 and for access to Midway airport. It's also a great option if you are going sight seeing or attending events in the city as it is half the price of downtown hotels. Be aware that they do charge $17 a day for parking.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a very good experience staying here. The location is perfect, just a few minutes away from Midway Airport and maybe 15-20 minutes from downtown (with no traffic of coarse) There is also a TGI Fridays attached to the hotel which is a huge plus. The only complaint I had was there were some large stains on the carpet when we first checked in to our room (looked like someone spilled something) However, after calling down to the front desk, the cleaning staff made sure everything was cleaned while we were gone for the day. Thank you Courtyard staff for a wonderful stay!
Rating: 4
Text: It's an older hotel but they have updated the amenities. The beds we're very comfortable and the staff was incredibly nice. We only stayed one night and left super early to catch a flight so we didn't eat breakfast or need many services.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and nice hotel. Great customer service and a super soft bed. They gave us waters and Nut/fruit mix. Reasonable pricing for how nice this place is. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a comfortable and appealing place to stay near midway Airport. Awesome shuttle that comes every 20 minutes. 10/10 would stay here again. Just wish we could have stayed longer!
