Courtyard by Marriott Indianapolis Airport
Rating: 3
Text: Nice quiet neat hotel. A little far from downtown however relatively easy access to expressway. Decent workout room, a nice size pool.  There is no continental breakfast. The price for the food is definitely not worth the price. Coffee was good.
Rating: 4
Text: On first appearance the lobby is immaculate and decorated in a very modern and stylish way. They really upgraded these first impressions, but the rooms leave a little bit to be desired. In our rooms the air conditioner was leaking creating a damp floor, the wallpaper was peeling on the accent wall, and there was a slight musky scent the permeated the room. The pool area it's not so much relaxing as it was in need of a good cleaning. A few things to fix here in there, but it definitely could use an upgrade. The worst part however was the staff. Anytime we asked for anything they seem to be put out, too busy, or uninterested in their guests. Aside from the night desk person, they were too busy looking at their phones to want to deal with guests. This could be a great place to stay, but turned out to be a real disappointment.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent service, friendly staff at the check in and especially the bar. Great large televisions in the community area of the lobby, with several couch options and a handful of computers. Nice view of the Courtyard from the hotel room!
Rating: 1
Text: I used to work here , and the job itself wasn't all that bad. My morning manager "Bill" was an awesome person / manager. He was on top of everything and respected everyone , he made the job more do-able.

But my night shift manager "Dawn" , was a whole different story , total awful person. No sense of respect , overall character just ugly. Well , I left my job & was honestly more because of her. So many mood swings , there's no way someone can work like that. Definitely doesn't have a clue about what respecting employees is really about. I tried to play along , but there's just no getting around her terrible , rude demeanor.
Rating: 4
Text: Typical Courtyard. Not very updated, but fine. Rooms are average, nice desk and TV set up. Area is near airport with shuttle service available. No complaints. Wish they had free coffee in lobby in the morning instead of having to pay for the Starbucks.
