Courtyard by Marriott St Louis Downtown West
Rating: 3
Text: I've spent over 60 nights at this hotel over the last two years.  (2016-2017)   It's been like my second home...and there are many things that are great about this hotel.  There are also some things that haven't seemed to improve.  First off, the hotel staff is fantastic.  They really are great people and provide excellent service to their guests.  From the front desk to the bistro to the maintenance and security staff...they are fantastic.  The problem with this hotel that is keeping me from giving them a higher rating is an ongoing mold and mildew problem that affects almost every room in this property.  I thought the issue was with the wall air conditioner units....maybe they needed to be cleaned?  However, I'm starting to think there is something else wrong with this building...maybe a leaky roof?  (Just speculating)  If you are sensitive to mold/mildew like I am, you may want to stay elsewhere.  I really hope they can get this issue fixed because the location is awesome and you won't find a nicer staff at any hotel in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: I really enjoyed my stay, the hotel was very clean, as are most Marriotts. There were no issues with check in and check out, it all flowed very smoothly. The room was a good size, big enough for four of us. It was in a great location as well.
Rating: 4
Text: This property was very easy to find about a mile from the arch. The property was clean and the staff very friendly. I had messed up my reservation and they quickly provided us a room. We asked for a good place for St Louis BBQ and they immediately prividesd two places to choose from. Was very pleased and would stay there again, given the opportunity
Rating: 4
Text: I am a huge Courtyard fan and this one did not disappoint. I went to St. Louis for my birthday and this was an affordable, nice 3 star hotel. It is a bit older than the other Courtyards I have stayed at but the staff was extremely friendly It was well taken care of and clean. (pool area needs an update) and it is just a 6 dollar uber ride to anywhere downtown St. Louis. Would DEFINITELY stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice clean urban hotel. Spacious rooms and good parking. The service was good but the rooms only come with one person’s free breakfast - the other has to pay.
