Courtyard by Marriott Wichita at Old Town
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed here for a work conference. The staff I met we're very friendly. They went out of their way to introduce themselves and to check on my satisfaction. I was only an attendee so there was no special benefit to them doing this. I was very satisfied with my stay, and the price I paid for my room. The Old Town area also has a lot to offer.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice room, spacious,  clean, new. Love the women's makeup mirror big plus for me. Restaurant had great food at a reasonable price. Great customer service in the restaurant.  Omelette made to order. Bar was clean and great customer service. Checkin was fast and staff courteous. Conference area was great. Staff again courteous and professional.
Rating: 3
Text: As a wedding gift, my husband and I were gifted with a room for the night of our wedding. The room was very spacious and elegant. The room was very comfortable! My biggest turn off was the parking. You have to pay for it and most of the parking is off site. While my husband and I didn't mind paying for the parking (being that the room was free to us), I wouldn't want to pay the nightly rate and parking. The second turn off was the lack of the complimentary breakfast. As I said before, my husband and I didn't mind because we didn't pay for it. However, if we did, the nightly rate was very expensive for not having complementary breakfast or onsite free parking. Otherwise, the experience was wonderful! Absolutely beautiful room and surroundings!
Rating: 4
Text: Room was big and clean, with an excellent view to the South (we were on the fifth floor). Staff was friendly and the location is fantastic. My main complaint is that after paying for a parking permit we had to park on the street Saturday night. It took 20 minutes of driving around to find a spot remotely close to the hotel. Take better care to only issue as many permits as spaces--or more likely, do a better job of keeping non authorized cars out of your lots. I doubt this is an issue during the week, but I have to mention it.
Rating: 4
Text: Very comfortable hotel, good location. Nice gathering place in the lobby with bar that gas strange hours. Has s workout room. Rooms have a mini fridge, coffee maker, closet, free WiFi.
