Courtyard by Marriott Cleveland Airport North
Rating: 3
Text: There was hair in our uncomfortable bed and too much noise could be heard in our room. It seems like a nice hotel with housekeeping and management issues. The Bistro was delicious, but some of our dishes were also dirty. Really a bummer as it should have and could have been much nicer. Hopefully they work out the housekeeping issues
Rating: 4
Text: The Good: The room was comfortable, clean, quiet, and dark at night. I always like hotels that strive to make light at night minimal, which Courtyard has definitely done. The room is quite spacious with more than enough room to stretch out. The staff was mostly very helpful (see The Ugly below), especially Sandy, the shuttle driver who went above and beyond. Having per plugs next to the bed is always a great idea, and I appreciate that there were three. Finally, the location is great being located just a block from the mall which has plenty of restaurants as well as a movie theater.

The Bad: These are a little nitpicky, but I have to cover them. The TV is tiny compared to other hotels I've stayed at. The sink area for the bathroom cannot accommodate more than one person at a time. The AC is a bit louder than I would like. The bathroom floor is not level and the door scraps across it when it swings open and closed.

The Ugly: I didn't get any of my Gold Elite status benefits. Apparently I need to pay extra for these, which makes no sense, especially when I look at the Hilton properties and get my benefits regardless of which property I stay at. There is one particular desk person, a large gentleman with grey hair, I didn't get his name, that made a big production out of the simplest of requests. He almost took it to the point of shaming the guests that made the request.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was nice, however the toilet did not flush correctly. I called for service but it was not taken care of. The hotel was booked full so they could not change my room as well. Other than that, the food was good, and experience was positive.
Rating: 5
Text: They have great rooms and offer complimentary shuttle service in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: The location is very nice. There are plenty of restaurants that you can walk to, and it felt like a good neighborhood. The rooms are very standard Marriott. My bed was comfortable, the room was clean, and the shower pressure was perfect.
