Courtyard by Marriott Detroit Metro Airport Romulus
Rating: 5
Text: Great beds! Very nice courtyard and looks like most of the rooms have balconies. We had good service throughout. One of the 3 big screen TVs in the lobby was out which was a bummer on a College Football Saturday and the pool area does not have a whirlpool (seems like that is a trend in the industry now?) Otherwise a great place for it's price point!
Rating: 3
Text: Would have been 4 stars but when I booked our room, key word OUR room. Both mine and my wife's names were on the paperwork as guests but they only put us down for one breakfast, which made no sense, not the biggest deal, but i had to argue in order for them to honor it. Only a matter of $10 they wanted to charge me, but it was a matter of principle.
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointed in the attitude I received from the woman at the desk. First she acts like a snob, makes a big deal about my corporate code & acts like I'm  lucky to able to stay here in the secret club. When I was going out to get dinner, I stopped to ask if I could get two bottles of water when I get back since I didn't get them at check in. She got indignant & said they have water I can pay for otherwise there are cups in the room. Told her I don't drink tap water. Now I know why I stay at Hiltons. Under her breath she said I should go to Hilton. WOW!! I guess I will! They don't treat me like this! I hadn't stayed at a Marriott in a while & thought maybe I'll give them a try again. Sorry I did. Room was tired. It wasn't bad, but a bit worn. But when I have to stay in hotels on a regular basis, I'm not going to stay where I'm going to be unwelcome.
Rating: 5
Text: Best beds we've ever slept on.  Quiet rooms and great pricing for seniors.  Most importantly, the service was beyond reproach.  We had special feeding needs  (which didn't phase them), flight issues (causing us to book, cancel, then re-book a second night), and they were gracious, kind and helpful..We would highly recommend the Courtyard by Marriott Detroit Airport.
Rating: 3
Text: In my opinion this property is at the lower end of the Marriott Courtyard spectrum due to dated room decor, slow internet, and bed sheets/duvet. Room decor...popcorn ceilings, beat up furniture, and quirky design. The ac has a motion sensor so in the middle of the night when you are sound asleep and, well, motionless the air conditioning turns off waking you up, presumably so you move and it turns on again. Very annoying and disruptive to good quality sleep. Internet...crawls along like a turtle. Many pages wouldn't load. Bed... We had just stayed at a courtyard in Philadelphia the night before and the bed linens were far superior in Philly, as they were just renovated. The pillows aren't bad but the sheets and bed cover are screaming for an upgrade. The good...front desk was extremely helpful and friendly. The general location of the hotel is very nice and quiet.the grounds are well kept.
