Courtyard by Marriott Des Moines West/Clive
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel itself is fine.  It's what one would expect for a Marriott Courtyard.  It's an older building, but well maintained.  Parking isn't the best, but that's fine.   The staff, however, are superb.  I only met the two night auditors, but they were excellent.  Sometimes at hotels, it is hard to find quality employees for overnight shifts who are also customer service minded and friendly....especially on weekends. This hotel property has two gems with Dale (he worked Friday overnight) and I don't remember the women's name on Saturday overnight.  Both were superb.  I accidentally made my reservation for Saturday instead of Friday.  I pulled up my confirmation number and Dale promptly said it was no problem and got me a room, at the same negotiated rate, and I was checked in to my room in a minute or so.  He provided excellent service.  The next day, I checked out, thinking my meetings would be done early.  They weren't and then I got dragged to a dinner.  Then, 10 pm came and I didn't want to drive there hours home.  I swing back by the Courtyard, and thought I'd see if I could get a room for the same rate. She did it.  

In the morning, every staff I passed, both days, said hello and created me with a pleasant smile. 

It is clear that this property is well-managed because the staff seem to be very customer service centered and incredibly friendly.

Keep up the good work.  This is going to be my "go-to" hotel choice for all future trips to Des Moines.
Rating: 4
Text: Very comfortable bed. Clean and modern. Friendly and helpful staff. Plenty of free parking. Free high-speed internet access. Nice mini fridge in the room, along with a coffee maker serving Starbucks coffee. There is also a Starbucks Coffee bar in the lobby.
Rating: 2
Text: Was a little disappointed, after booking a room with king size bed a month in advance, we ended up with a room with 2 beds. I was told it was because we booked with Expedia and  that's all they had. Unfortunately you pay in advance and stuck with what you get. Also went to enjoy the jacuzzi and there were so many chemicals in it that it was unusable. Always had good luck with courtyards by Marriott before, this one not so much.
Rating: 5
Text: Hotel was spotless and beautiful. I was there for a work event and had an issue with my room but was very patiently and efficiently taken care of. Wonderful wonderful staff.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice lobby to entertain visitors. Very comfortable beds. Great location.
