Courtyard by Marriott Detroit Warren
Rating: 4
Text: It was a nice hotel with clean rooms. We were on first floor so the patio opened to center courtyard. The lobby was ok and the staff were nice to us. Would definitely stay there again.
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointed in this hotel. My daughters wedding was on 9/23/17. She booked a block of rooms and was assured free shuttle service to and from her venue at freedom hill banquet center if they filled 10 rooms. Three days before her wedding she had to pay $250 as she was told only 3 rooms were booked. Only later did she find out that some guests were told her block was sold out months before! One couple booked there anyway and payed $15 more than the quoted block price! On the day of her wedding she dropped off baskets for the guests that were staying there. They were never delivered! On top of that the wedding couple booked the suite, the only thing in there was water available for $5 a bottle! I suggest this hotel should not go to any more wedding shows and promise things they don't intend on following through with! I will also be contacting corporate offices to report this!
Rating: 5
Text: Oh my goodness, when we travel to Detroit,  we always stay at the Courtyard Marriott Detroit/Warren .  The place is so clean & the staff is very helpful.  The hotel is close to downtown Detroit.  They have a fitness center, Jacuzzi & a swimming pool.  I rate this  hotel a 5 star.  I'd stay there again absolutely lovely.  I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the Detroit  metropolitan area.
Rating: 2
Text: Place is a big maze, layout of rooms not logical. For example, much easier to walk stairs instead of using the lift. Bistro staff very nice, however other than for business, I'd be pressed to stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: i really dont know how many stars to give here.
My first stay was incredible and enjoyable the staff was very welcoming and super super nice then came morning as the staff had a different feel about them. 
They also said i could not stay because the hotel was fully booked.
and they had no cancellations.
Then i went on my way to find another place and came back the next day again i got the same feel. Really nice in the late evening and they even upgraded my room for coming back. I was oh wow thank you.
I notices there were cobwebs in my room because i killed a spider and was looking for more before i went to bed.
Then in the morning i went to use the hot tub and found thing floating in both the pool and the hot tub. I reported my findings immediately. They did not lower my rate and I could of stayed in a place with no hot tub or pool for less. 
I don't know if the filter system was not working or someone forgot to turn it on in both the pool and the hot tub because there were dead bugs and ants and foreign bodies floating in the water and you can see them very clearly and i need reading glasses.
They may be saving on hydro cost to keep the hotel running at good cost but is it really worth it to put your guest at health risk?
There are not many hotels with pool and hot tubs around that you can get at a low cost so be aware and stay healthy and if things are not right report them and get a reduction on your stay if you feel something was not up to snuff. This way they will stay on top of their game.
