Courtyard by Marriott Lexington South/Hamburg Place
Rating: 5
Text: Just overnight on a trip but what a pleasurable experience!  Our guest service clerk at check-in was amazing!  Sheena was wonderful and professional.  She made sure we had everything we needed and gave us recommendations for an unforgettable dinner in the area.   She is a real gem.  Room was clean and comfortable and Starbucks in the morning is great!  Would definitely recommend if needing a stay in the area!!
Rating: 4
Text: Good firm bed if you like that but no free breakfast. That was the reason for no five. The sofa mattress had a stain would have been nice if they made the bed up before we got there so we didn't have to see that. Overall it was okay not worth the $125 though.
Rating: 4
Text: Loved the food. Service lacked a little something. Seemed like the staff needed to smile more. But all around good people
Rating: 2
Text: The Courtyard by Marriott properties have gone downhill. Period. We had a bad experience in Memphis for three days prior to this then stayed this at Courtyard Lexington South/Hamburg Place enroute to the East Coast and more issues. Again, the rugs are abysmal. In the vanity area it looks like a pen exploded or someone dyed their hair and got it on the rug and no one bothered to clean it up. The tub is less than clean and the beds are as hard as sleeping on the concrete outside. The cable went out so no Showtime or movies to relax to AND the Internet was erratic at best. It would work for a few minutes then kick me off and head back to an error screen. However, Lauren from the front desk did come up and attempt to be helpful by putting in a hotel access code that at least let me write this review. She also called to say their cable company would do a hard reset and no cable for 20 minutes. It's a shame I had been watching a movie...Too bad, I guess. We are loyal Marriott customers, but their Marriott or JW brands are, by far, the better properties. We will stick with them in the future.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice people, great facility. Honestly felt like home
