Courtyard by Marriott Battle Creek
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms were clean, nice, and up to date. The staff were friendly. Beds were very comfortable. It was cold outside and they had a very inviting fire out back! Very nice!
Rating: 5
Text: Best sleep ever! Comfortable, clean, friendly staff! We'll definitely visit again.
Rating: 1
Text: Recently stayed with my family for a travel softball tournament. We were locked out of our room and the desk workers did not know where the emergency keys were to unlock the door. They called the manager on call and they proceeded to tell us he was too drunk to drive in. They tried to contact the maintenance that was on call, no answer. My daughter just got out of the pool and was soaking wet and my other daughter needed to get her meds from the room. They tried to pry the door open with no luck..about 1:00 am we were given another room to stay in. The workers the next day treated us terribly.. questioning us who would allow someone to pry open a room... I called and left a message for the manager asking for at least one night compensation and I never received a call back. I had to call on that following Monday and speak to someone.. and all I received was an apology. My family stays at many hotels and this was the worst experience
we have ever encountered and we just became reward members. We have never had to complain about a stay.
Rating: 4
Text: The lobby area by the pool/elevators smelled strange, not like chlorine though, I can't place the smell. The room was nice, updated, newer hotel.The shower was open with just a glass wall divided the shower from the rest of the bathroom, it looked nice but a lot of water splashed and the heat escaped and I was cold. All the staff I saw was friendly and outgoing. They are close to a lot of restaurants and shopping.
Rating: 5
Text: This is the best 2-3star hotel I've ever been at. I've slept at a lot of 4,5 stars too, but for this price, it's unbeatable. Clean room, no odor, less than 2 yr hotel, bonfire at the backyard, new fitness center, fair swimming pool, clean lobby, etc. I don't know about the Holiday Inn/Towneplace Suites nearby, but I think this hotel's the best! Idk about the breakfast yet.
