Courtyard by Marriott Lima
Rating: 4
Text: Nice place.  Warning, Entire Property under major construction upgrades.  Floors 2 and 3  are not available.  Half of Lobby is construction setup zone.  Sure wish the web site would have stated that.  Stayed 3 days, on day #2, both room keys stopped working.  Seems they checked us out by accident.  Had no room service because of this.  A little pricy for the area with no free breakfast.
Rating: 4
Text: Kinda more like a 3.5 stars review not 4. But it's not an option. 
The place is beautiful. Everyone is super friendly. The reason I'm lowering the stars of this place is because I had someone from housekeeping walk in on me and my significant other engaging in "adult activities". 
So here is the run down.... 
We're laying in bed minding our own business when I hear someone at the door. They do not knock. So I push him off me and head to the door. I still had my shirt on, nothing else, he was nude. She's asking questions through the door, I can't hear her. I am yelling that there is someone in here. She opens the door and is like "oh, hello. This room is (something), bye." While he's naked on the bed, not under the sheets, and I'm in just a shirt at the door with her. 
No apology for walking in. No reason for why. 
So finally I get the courage to tell the desk. Thinking there must of been a reason for her wanting in our room. There wasn't. They apologized which was nice. And only offered us a free breakfast... your housekeeper saw me naked from the waist down, him completely naked, and walked in on without knocking and all we are worth is free breakfast. 

That is why this place is like 3.5 stars.
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean hotel! Nice, large bathrooms, and comfortable beds! Only reason for not giving 5 stars is that there wasn't a microwave in the room and I needed it for my son's milk. Also there's Starbucks Coffee in the lobby, which has great service and delicious coffee!
Rating: 5
Text: Newly renovated rooms! I love the decor,  the bathroom, even the walls and carpet of the hallways are elegant and classy. The pool was nice and warm,  very clean.
Rating: 3
Text: I was there for one night. It was a quiet Hotel. There were some unidentified stains on the blankets which I promptly left on the floor by the bed unused. After a thorough examination of the rest of the bedding, I found them to be clean. I didn't really have a choice in staying here because it was a work paid trip, but I probably wouldn't recommend it for a vacation. 3/5 I was in and out.
