Cozy Country Inn
Rating: 5
Text: I have stayed here many times in 15 years and I keep going back! Just their name says it all! Very very clean rooms and comfortable! I will be going again over Labor Day weekend. The owners are very friendly and I've known them for a very very long time!  Also very affordable rates! Their  dogs are also cute as a button.  It's the quietest motel I've ever stayed in!
Rating: 4
Text: We stumbled upon the Cozy Country Inn last week on our way from MI to WA; it is listed as a pet friendly inn and that was our priority. We had no idea  what to expect when we rolled into town about 9ish. To our delight we pulled into the drive of a very quaint retro looking Inn. 
It is small, but it turns out good things do often come in small unexpected packages. The proprietor is an older gentleman with a lovely bride as he introduces her- "doesn't look a day over 55 " he says with a smile as she comes around the corner from their living quarters attached to the back of the Inn.
Indeed not only  the lobby and exterior  of the Inn are retro,( in a very vintage way) but the prices are low. They offer packaged snacks with orange juice and coffee in the lobby at 630 and friendly chit chat before you check out, extremely pleasant couple super customer service.
The room is very simple, but really clean especially the bathroom. The are towels great quality. However the beds are in desperate need of  an update in size and quality of comfort; even some mattress toppers would help. 
That being said Cozy Country Inn is more then accommodating to  lay one's weary head for a night on many levels. Oh! They even mailed a trinket we forgot in the room with out any hesitation or request of funds.
Cheers
Rating: 4
Text: The owner took us in at 2 in the morning w/o a reservation, even though we probably woke him up. Excellent rate for what you get. Most hotels with these low rates are dingy and unpleasant, but the Cozy Country Inn is not like that at all, in fact it's very homey. We got a double bed smoking room, cozy feel, heat/ac worked fine, hot shower, amenities and complimentary breakfast. If you're passing through Iowa, it is a fine place to stay the night.
Rating: 1
Text: The room reeked of mold and cigarette smoke.
Rating: 5
Text: My daughter and I stayed here a couple nights ago and we just wanted to echo the previous reviewers comments.  This place was really lovely and we will definitely visit again if we can.  Also would like to add there is wifi as well as coffee and juice in the morning.
