Cross Creek Camping Resort
Rating: 2
Text: The settings was awesome and you can clearly see how it won all the awards years ago. But it's also clear that the owners are letting a lot slip. Very disappointed with the service and upkeep of the park based on the reviews. We arrived on memorial day Monday and saw the dumpsters at the entrance were overflowing. Well not surprising after a major holiday weekend. But during the whole week, the trash continued to pile up and smelled awful. You had no choice but to add your trash to the pile on the ground. Now I know why a raccoon is their mascot. The dog park was incredibly small and right behind the stinky dumpsters. They didn't make recycling easy with different cans for different recyclables scattered about the park. Pool was not heated...a chilly 74 degrees when we were there. It's just not the park it once was. Disappointed because the location and setting is great.
More specifically and to respond, we travel to many of the best rated parks between Ohio, Michigan, Kentucky, Pennsylvania etc and this simply doesn't compare to those. I can see what an amazing park it was 10, 15, or 20 years ago, but I just don't see any updates or improvements other than fresh annual flowers being planted. The competition has raised the bar and is leaving the place behind. Bathrooms and showers are adequate at best, certainly outdated, dark, and a little dirty. 
They have got to be making money with as big and full the place is. I would like to see some improvements, added amenities, expand the dog park because they have the room, pool heater, and quite possibly friendlier or more helpful staff. I guess we got started on the wrong foot with the welcome dumpster and the fact that our site was blocked by an unregistered guest. All I got was shrugged shoulders and blank stares from staff. I would encourage the owners and managers to visit some of the other camping "resorts" and easily see what is out there.
Rating: 5
Text: The sites are a little close together, but everything else was great, if not perfect! There are SO many amenities here, and I absolutely loved my neighbors!! It was an hour drive to and from work every day for my fiance, but it was definitely worth it.  There is an amazing dog park closeby, too!!
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice campground. Lots of things for kids to do.. nice lake across the road.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice but a lot of campers crowded together. Staff were very nice  and helpful. Lots of kids but none seemed to be problems. Really a beautiful  place.
Rating: 5
Text: Great for families. Had grandkids with us they had a blast. Lots of fun for kids and grandparents
