Crowne Plaza Chicago Ohare Hotel & Conf Ctr
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed here for a convention - nice hotel, excellent meeting space and accommodations. The rooms are comfortable, modern and well appointed. My non-smoking room smelled strongly of smoke and had cigarette burns on the upholstery of one of the chairs.   In addition, very loud protesters outside of the main wall of windows to the rooms could be heard well into the night - they are apparently protesting the hotel’s cooperation in the investigation of a 19 year old girl that was found dead in a walk- in freezer on the property after attending a party here. The protesters carry bullhorns, whistles, sirens and drums - so they can make quite a lot of noise. The front desk when asked could make no accommodations and did not have any ear plugs. Would stay at one of the many other hotels in the area if I knew what I know now.
Rating: 5
Text: Super fancy and elegant looking, marble everything. All of the workers were friendly and nice. Stayed here before going to MEPS to swear in the Army the next day and with how awesome everything was it calmed the nerves the night before. Food from the hotel restaurant was amazing. Had the burger and homemade chips which were phenomenal. Mall just across the street made it fun to have something to do so close.
Rating: 3
Text: The room was nice.  They provided us a crib for our child also.   We stayed at this hotel in order to leave our car there as we were traveling.   I was informed the price of the room included parking.  When we went to check out, the parking indicated $30.00 was due.   That is not what I was told.  With flying and being delayed, I didn't want to argue.......so we paid it.   I will be staying somewhere else next time.
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed overnight for a conference here. The room was very nice- comfortable pillows and bed. Very nice bathroom. Only thing was that there was a protest outside until 930pm at night that disturbed my stay but front desk was accommodating to my needs and did their best to compensate for that.
Rating: 5
Text: I went to Flashback Weekend. It was great. The staff at the front counter was friendly and very polite with answering questions about parking and bathrooms. The dining area was beautiful and comfortable. Everyone who worked there checked on us and made the visit grand. We didn't stay over night, but we would, considering the service and friendlinss we got just by being there for an event.
