Crowne Plaza Cincinnati Blue Ash
Rating: 3
Text: The staff was very helpful and friendly.  The breakfast buffet (extra cost) was fresh and had lots of options.  The room was mostly clean, but as I picked up the alarm clock,  I noticed it stuck to the night stand.  As I looked closer it looked someone spilled some grape juice or wine on it.  I looked behind the night stand and there was residue on the wall as well.  On a different note, the bathroom was sticky so I put a request into the front desk to make sure both issues were addressed during the daily cleaning since I was staying in the room for several days.  Though the room was cleaned on two separate occasions while I was there the floor and night stand were not addressed.  It was not a deal breaker for me, but in the end of a little disappointing.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice faculty that seemed a bit aged but overall well maintained.  Staff was very helpful.  Room was the smallest I've ever encountered in years.  Bed was nice and comfortable.  The sleep kit they provide for guests was very unexpected and very cool. Internet was the slowest I've seen in years. It took forever for simple pages to load.  As an IT professional I told the front desk they should be blocking all streaming services or get faster connectivity.  Breakfast the next morning was good as well.  I'd certainly stay here again. 
Rating: 4
Text: Crown Plaza has nice, well-lit convention space and an absolutely gorgeous atrium. The hotel was well kept and easily navigable. Staff seemed polite and attentive. Would recommend.
Rating: 4
Text: Conference room is nice and food is above average. Service and attention by staff were great. Only complaint is the air conditioning in the room is really loud and cycles on and off and is really noticeable in an otherwise quiet room when a speaker is presenting.
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel looks and feels dated. The elevator that was right in front of my room felt like a 1969 haunted one. The door to my room  didn't close correctly and one time I arrived to my room and noticed that housekeeping had left the door to my room open. That first night I took a shower the tub flooded. My room had stains on the floor and on the roof. Also, i was missing the little fridge to put my water and juice i had for my stay. The buffet, even though it was included in my package, was average at best. Eggs looked and tasted funny, every single time. Points to the waffle maker which made up for the lack of tasty eggs and good sausage. 

Service wasn't all that bad. Front Desk was always nice and personnel around the hotel was friendly. I did get a small freebie which helped give it one more star. Fix the hotel a bit more and I'll update my info and give more stars.
