Crowne Plaza Cleveland South - Independence
Rating: 2
Text: I was very disappointed in my stay at the Crowne Plaza Cleveland South-Independence. My friends and I stayed there this past weekend because my best friend (who also stayed with us) got married the next day.  There were kids playing hockey in the halls, staff of the hotel walking by and not saying anything to the kids about how it's not appropriate to be doing so.

The first thing that I noticed about our room was the lack of cleanliness in the bathroom. The floors weren't swept and there was dirt and grime all over the bathroom floor and there was no tissue left in the bathroom. I called down to the front desk to let them know that there was an issue and the man (David, he was very helpful) said that he would send someone right up with tissues and that he would let housekeeping know about the issue with the bathroom floor. Tissues were brought up but no one ever came to address the issue with the bathroom floor, it was still covered with dirt and grime when we left the next day.

In addition to my disappointment with this stay was the next morning when I called down to request a shower cap for my friend who was getting married, I had to call down again about 20 minutes later because one was never brought up.  The front desk agent apologized and said he forgot to write down the room number and then he got busy and forgot to call back. My friend in the meantime had already gotten in the shower and was just trying to avoid getting her hair wet because she had to start getting ready for her wedding! A shower cap was finally brought up, but nothing was ever done to make this right. 

When we were ready to leave I went downstairs to look for a bell cart and there were not any available. I understand the hotel was sold out the night before and that they were possibly left on the floors, so I spoke with the front desk agent and asked him about getting a bell cart. He went on to explain the busyness of the hotel and I told him that I understood that, and asked him if he could have someone check the floors for a cart. Instead of asking that question, I heard him call a department and just say "If you notice any bell carts in the halls, could you please bring them downstairs" instead of specifically asking someone to go look for one. So, I went looking myself. I did not find any, so I called downstairs and asked for assistance in carrying our luggage down. Someone did come up to help.

A few other things I wasn't impressed with, the pool closes at 10... this seems very early for a hotel that is supposed to cater to those who are there on business and would like to relax in the hot tub after a long day. I also noticed that the majority of our stay, there was only one front desk associate at the desk. When I'd call down, the phone would ring and ring and ring and when it was finally answered, I was put on hold. There definitely should have been more staff scheduled on a night that they were sold out. There was no refrigerators or microwaves in the room. And the curtains had a very gross LARGE yellow stain on them.

The hotel in itself is a beautiful building, and my friends weren't as disappointed as I was (mostly because I work in the industry and they do not), but they were still disappointed in the service. I will not be staying here again.
Rating: 3
Text: The place was OK. Food was fine. The building is a little older and could probably use a fresh refurbishment, but it was fine for our purpose of conducting a dat long technical seminar. Room for seminar was a bit awkwardly shaped, but it worked.
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is pretty nice but a little older. I was given a room on the executive level, there was a free continental breakfast and free snack bar in the evening. There is an on-site restaurant and indoor pool.
Rating: 2
Text: The hospitality staff was very nice, and the banquet hall was great.  The cleanliness and condition of the hotel and the rooms were a MAJOR detractor from the good service.  The hotel and the rooms in general are in need of renovation.  We were part of a large group and several members of the group experienced dirty rooms, bodily fluid stained sheets and mattresses, and one person found a dirty woman's undergarment left behind under the bed.  This is not what you would expect from a hotel of this caliber.  I would recommend choosing another hotel as there are a number of other options near by.
Rating: 1
Text: Very poor hotel. Will work in a pinch, but don't expect much. The Crowne offers cramped rooms, tiny bathrooms, slow internet, expensive food, limited TV channels, loud air conditioners, all mixed in with various unsavory smells throughout. This establishment was likely top of the line...when it was last redone in the 80's. The outdoor pool never opens. Poor customer service tops it all off. Unless you have a good reason, pick a different hotel!
