Crowne Plaza Indianapolis-Dwtn-Union Stn
Rating: 4
Text: Our room was good. The best part was that we were on the second floor, where the real-life train coaches are located. The hotel is very unique, because it used to be a train station (and still has a train stop), and they maintained the structure, so it truly looks like a train station. There's a small indoor pool, clean. Service was good, although we didn't need anything outside checking in and out. Location was within walking distance of everything- restaurants (family and fancy), night clubs, bars, etc. Would definitely go back.
Rating: 3
Text: I wouldn't recommend staying here. There are better options in the area. The hotel is definitely unique and historical. I loved the actual train cars in the hotel and decor. Housekeeping is extremely loud during the early morning. At 8:50 am we had someone open the door without knocking or announcing themselves as housekeeping. This was our last day and check-out isn't until noon. Guest services were unable to satisfy simple requests. We had to call multiple times to correct or remind them. Depending on your room location, your experience can be very noisy. The pool is located in the center of the hotel surrounded by guest rooms. This is not ideal. The train is loud but the front desk warns you about it upon check-in and it's mentioned on their website and in reviews. It would be nice if the hotel started offering complimentary coffee and tea in the lobby.
Rating: 5
Text: Thanks staff is extremely nice here.

Food is delicious at the hotel bar.

Built from an old train station. They turned some of the old train cars into room you can stay in. I haven't had the privilege but it seems like a great experience to try!
Rating: 5
Text: I'm on my second day here but so far it is outstanding. Delicious food, lovely atmosphere, and excellent responsive staff. Beds are very comfortable. The rooms are very clean. Only complaint is the noise transfer from other rooms is high in the historic rail car section but that is a small price to pay for the ambiance. I highly recommend this place. 
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is beautiful and the Pullman cars are a fun experience. The front desk staff is friendly but not very knowledgeable. Note: if you forget certain toiletries, there is a small shop behind the check-in desk where you can get these items and pay for them at the front desk. However, if you ask the front desk the closest place to find said toiletries, they will go out of the way to draw you a map to a gas station approx a mile away. Room service was pretty incredible with nice portions and beds are very comfortable. The valets were super-friendly and even provided my husband and I am umbrella for a potentially taking walk. Overall, a very nice stay.
