Days Inn Atlantic
Rating: 1
Text: DON'T STAY HERE! DIRTY ROOMS, BUGS, RUDE OWNER, OVERCHARGED ON ROOM. SERIOUSLY, THE STREETS ARE BETTER! As soon as I got to my hotel room, I had a cockroach on the wall. I informed someone there and they switched me to a different room. Guess what? I continued to see bugs (a mosquito, spiders, and roaches) in my room throughout my stay there. The rooms were never to rarely clean. The towels, bed sheets, and carpet were covered in nasty stains. There was a horrid smell in the hallway enough to make you vomit.

One thing that really got to me was that even after everything I went through they had the guts to overcharge me by a few hundred dollars!!!! I noticed they charged my credit card after I had left. I was furious so I called the Days Inn 1-800 number were sadly they told me that they couldn't do much to help me and said to speak with the owner. I called the manager who said he can't do anything and put me on the phone with the owner. While I was trying to talk to the owner he became furious, spoke over me loudly, CURSED AT ME, THEN HUNG UP. I was pretty much robbed from this hotel. The experience was overall the worst I ever had at any hotel. I’ve literally been to THOUSANDS of hotels. I suggest looking at any hotel in Atlantic EXCEPT this one! I checked out the other hotels/motels in Atlantic and found even a motel that was better than this hotel. 

For your own sake, do not come here unless you want to overpay for a horrible hotel. F**k you Days Inn Atlantic.
Rating: 1
Text: We did not enjoy this motel.  The rooms were okay but worn looking.  There was grease on the carpeting and the whole place smelled like cigarette smoke.  My daughter's room had hairs all over the sheets.  She was almost afraid to sleep there.  Breakfast was misrepresented also.  There were muffins, bread and cereal.  No fruit, eggs, yogurt or meat of any kind.  The price was high.  $83 for a night.  No $49 deals.
Rating: 3
Text: Service was very helpful in accommodating us with our nervous dog, placing new guests as far from our room as possible. Also the room was spacious and clean. However, the beds/pillows were uncomfortable to the point that I had a headache and could not sleep, the outside entrance door lock did not work, and there were no luggage carts (recently stolen).
Rating: 2
Text: Cheap price, staff exercises positive attitude, no frills. Things that could be improved, maintenance, cleanliness outside of rooms.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is where ghetto horror films are made. Blanks reaked of nasty body odor, holes in the blankets, bloody spots of old stains on them, beyond scared of getting bed bugs. The floor carpet looks so dirty and stained and is so uneven it's like rocks were laid down first. And it truly I don't think has ever been vaccumed. The halls and rooms reak of smoke and dirt. The shower had hair in the bath tub and mold on the shower curtain. THIS PLACE IS SO GROSS. If it wasn't a last resort stop because we are on the road and had to stop I'd of never stayed here not worth  the $. It's in the middle of nowhere. Nowhere to eat. Nothing.
