Days Inn & Suites Romeoville
Rating: 1
Text: Only good thing about this place is the location.  Other than that, I can't think of anything positive.  When arrived for check in around 5PM, no one was around.  When I rang the bell multiple the times, someone finally emerged as I just inconvenienced him.  He never greeted or try to make eye contact besides starting at his phone and only thing he said to me was "sign here" then he was gone. You can tell this is a family run operation from people who doesn't really care since the service from other clerks (other family members) didn't get much better either.  If that wasn't bad enough, the room was just old with outdated furniture with a love seat that had multiple stains and covered in dust.  The blinds and curtains were also covered in dust as if they were never cleaned or touched.  Continental breakfast consisted of boiled egg, pot full of oatmeal with a spoon and toast with mini muffins.  Coffee had an odd aftertaste that I couldn't force myself to drink for sake for caffeine.  The area is surrounded by other hotels and I highly recommend using them.
Rating: 4
Text: It's a quite place. The rooms are pretty cheap. Non smoking hotel. No meat at the breakfast bar tho
Rating: 5
Text: We just needed a place to stay overnight outside the city to continue our travels. Walking in, everything was clean and smelled fresh. Staff was courteous and attentive, and when asked if they would price match their rates we found on travel websites they kindly obliged. 

Room was clean, and had a mini fridge and microwave. Beds were actually not that bad, I personally like more firm mattresses. Pillows felt like the My Pillow, fluffy and easy to mold to comfort level. The bathroom was also quite clean, only thing missing was conditioner.

They have a pool which was in good condition, and an exercise room which I did not look at. Morning breakfast included muffins, coffee, 2 choices of cereal, and a homemade waffle maker. Only issue with breakfast was that it seemed the juice machine wasn't working.

Overall, if you are not picky and don't need something 'posh' this hotel will do the job! We enjoyed our stay and would recommend.
Rating: 1
Text: Bed bugs in room 215 very dirty and out of date hotel. We didnt stay after we saw the bug, the state should run a thorough inspection. I do not recommend staying at this establishment due to the cleanliness and insects!
Rating: 1
Text: People do not know how to run this place. My brother lost his favorite stuffed animal there and they kept telling us to call the next day until they said they could not find it. I would rather have stayed at a La Quinta or something where the service is better.
