Days Inn Collinsville
Rating: 3
Text: This location is great if you are visiting St. Louis! The hotel is not the cleanest, but it is not terrible either. You can tell they somewhat renovated, but they could benefit from some more upgrades...like removing carpet. The price is great, compared to those in St. Louis. They have an indoor pool and allowed LATE check-in until 2AM, which was extremely helpful!
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing quality for the price I paid. The staff was beyond friendly. The night clerk after a little talking and finding out about our situation even recommended a good area landlord to help us look for rental properties! The manager Billy hale when I was filling ill the next morning even gave us an extended checkout so I could rest up some more! I started a job 2 months ago and currently either making a 3 hr commute each day or booking the chepeast hotel I can find on priceline...but I will pay the little extra and come back to this one! If I don't find a rental property soon I'll make this our go to stay when we don't want to make the commute back. Thank you thank you thank you!!! Zachary and Chasity Jones
O/O Jones Emergency Medical Equipment Transport
Rating: 3
Text: We had reserved a King Bed since the app said that there were 3 available. We get there and there were only Queen beds left. We had just reserved the room 45 minutes before we got there. We got to the room and tried to go to bed but you could hear everything. The bathroom was not clean you could see stuff all over the wall. We finally were able to get to bed after 30 minutes of people stomping and shutting doors. The breakfast here, we actually skipped it because it just was not good. It was an ok stay if you need a place to lay your end on a long trip but would not recommend it for a longer stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Has a fridge and microwave + a little coffee maker. Saw one cockroach in the bathroom but that was all. Overall seemed to be pretty clean.
Rating: 5
Text: Don't think just because you get a good deal that you are sacrificing comfort.  Clean comfortable beds, friendly staff, and clean rooms.  Have stayed at many of what some would call 5 star and I would rate this hotel better than those $$$$ hotels.  
