Days Inn Davenport IA
Rating: 1
Text: Door key would not work. They tried reprogramming it multiple times. Ended up having to go to the front desk to be let into the room the rest of our stay. Needed a cheap room close to an event we we're attending and it was just that, could have done without the sex trafficking vibe though.
Rating: 1
Text: This place went downhill from last year. We definitely will not be back. Room was dirty, we brought our dog she's red the bed was covered in black hair I'm hoping from the dog that happened to say in that room before us and not some past guest. Bed was a broken sleep number with burn holes all over it. Bathroom fan was so loud must have been seizing up we never turned on light in bathroom because on the fan being on same switch. Kind of happy we did not can't imagine what else I would have found nasty in that room.
Rating: 1
Text: This place sucks. We will never stay at a Days Inn again. There was mold on the ceiling in the bathroom, the handle on the shower door was broken off an sitting on the shower floor. The sheets had some stains on them. Don't take your shoes off and walk on the carpet because the floor is nasty.

 I booked a smoking room online. Well when I got there they didn't have one for me. They said they don't assign rooms when someone books online. Well I paid in advance online. They said because they give the rooms to the people that walk in. They Gabe me a non smoking room. Well when I went to the room It smell like an ashtray.

Like I said before I booked online. I was charged a higher price then what was put on my receipt when I checked out. They told me I would have to call and ask for the difference back.

There was other guess outside my door area by my truck setting off fireworks tell almost 3am. We got up and checked out. We went to a different Motel. Never again staying at a Days Inn. GO to the La Quinta Inn everyone.

I can keep going on but I'll stop. Should give them no stars.
Rating: 2
Text: They are remodeling the lobby so we cut them slack on that, but out room was a bit dirty and musty smelling in the bathroom. Overall rundown. I wouldn't stay again. On the plus side, weekday rate was very reasonable, $60 for a king bed that was fairly comfortable
Rating: 3
Text: Room too small for kingsize bed.  Pleasant staff.  Easy check in.  Good price.
