Days Inn Ottumwa
Rating: 5
Text: This motel is new. All the furniture and appliances and fixtures are new and modern and clean. The free breakfast room had a good selection of pastries, cereal and milk, fresh coffee and a waffle-maker. It's self-served as are most. I overstayed half an hour and got a courtesy call from the manages and cleared right out without and further charge. This motel is on the outbound side of the street and seems to get fewer customers than the other side of the street. But it just proves the old adage that 'number 2 tries harder'. No doubt it's the best motel on the north side of Ottumwa. I don't understand the bad reviews. Maybe someone has a problem with Indian people.
Rating: 2
Text: This hotel will charge you anywhere from 20 to 60 dollars extra for trying to check in before 2pm or checking out after 11am. The overall condition of the hotel is somewhat run down. There are areas that are nicer like the breakfast and pool areas, but the rooms and other areas are beat up. Our room had stuff peeling off the walls. Holes in the walls (patched but not painted and unpatched). Only two people in the building can speak English. The two people who can speak English give a "fake nice" vibe. There is no hot tub, no workout room, and the pool while it seemed kept up is extremely small and can't really be shared by more than one party at a time. The days inn website proclaims the breakfast is full of healthy choices. This is not the case. The only item that was somewhat healthy was Activia yogurt. They did have other items like waffles, cereal..etc. The website just gave the sense there would be fresh fruit and other healthy choices. The stay here is not horrible but for the money the super 8 across the street is cheaper, nicer the staff is friendly and accommodating.
Rating: 1
Text: Our room had no towels when we arrived. Front desk lady was very nice and brought us more along with shampoo and lotion.  There was no head board, pictures on walls, the paint and grout job in bathroom was awful. The room smelled musty and when we open window the was a doggie day care under winder ( we were on 2 Nd floor) and the dogs would not stop barking. The biscuits and gravy taste like paste not a big choice in bakery items. The pillows were small squares and bed really soft.  We stayed 2 nights and when house keeping came we had left sign to change sheets because there was a stain on them ( that was there when we got there) and she didn't change sheets, took our extra shampoo and lotion and only left 2 towels.  Checking out the front desk clerk was nice.  
Rating: 1
Text: I reserved a room for 2 days. Later I cancelled the room because I saw bad reviews. While I was cancelling the room they told me that I had reserved 2 rooms for 2 day, not 1 room. I had cancelled the room in between the time given to cancel. Once I got my credit card bill, they charged me for one night! Even though I went through the difficult cancelling process. I called them ask, but they said they couldn't do anything about it. I do not recommend!
Rating: 5
Text: Really no complaints. Room was great. Beds were comfy enough for hotel standards. Easy to find for a town I had never been to. Pool was clean and stays open late. And the free breakfast was a good start to the next day.
