Days Inn St. Louis North
Rating: 4
Text: The initial phone call was a disaster with a very rude receptionist. We called back and a very friendly person running the front desk. Arrived and we got a very large room that we asked for it was clean. Beds were very comfortable. Breakfast was as advertised. Staff was extremely courteous and helpful. The hotel could use a little ltc but overall it was a great stay.
Rating: 1
Text: You get what you pay for, point blank. A decent price but wouldn't recommend staying longer than a night or two. The water from the shower didn't get hot in the morning. I went out with friends and came in before midnight to find the toilet would not even flush. When I called the front desk the next morning, the front desk attendant was willing to contact maintenance, but my first priority was making the 11:00AM check out so I would not get charged extra fees. Again, the price is what will lure you but sometimes you have to think quality versus quantity.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this zero stars, I would. Upon pulling into the parking lot it looked very run down and unkept. While the lady behind the desk was very pleasant and accommodating, it would never return or recommend this "hotel" in my life. My husband and I went with our two young children and were placed in a room that smelled of nothing but marijuana, we checked in and left to grab dinner and had to walk to the other end of the the hotel to get to our car, and it was an aroma of marijuana the whole entire way. When we came back from dinner my husband requested a different room, which they were able to accommodate, but we were placed next to people that were with the group we were originally put next to. The showers were dirty, bathrooms were less than clean. The pull out mattress had blood stains on it. The bed my husband and I slept in had stains on the sheets. Unfortunately we were unable to get a refund and go somewhere else since the hotel couldn't refund us since we booked through a third party, and we just didn't have it in our budget for the weekend to pay for another room. Although we had a great time in St. Louis in general, we'll have a hard time returning to the city in general after this experience. I'm upset we had no other choice than to have our children stay here.
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms were clean and very nice. The staff was friendly. The beds were comfortable and spacious.
Rating: 2
Text: Probably would have been better. But our room smelled like feet.. and it was the last one available. Room was "clean", but not even air freshener helped the feet smell.
