Days Inn Sharonville
Rating: 3
Text: Right off the highway, easy to find. Rooms are large and the beds are comfortable. Front desk was helpful when needed, but some people seemed like they did not want to be there. The breakfast was a letdown, but not a huge problem.
Rating: 1
Text: I never write reviews but my experience at the Sharonville Days Inn was so bad that i had to in hopes it will spare anyone else from going through the same.

I tried to book a 2 night stay for a Thursday/Friday online but was unable to due to Internet connectivity issues. I called this location to book ahead of time and was told I'd have no issues just showing up and the rates would be the same. Low and behold I get there and they're telling me it's $30 more than the price I saw online. It was late and I was tired so I reluctantly checked in against my better judgement. As I returned from the car with my bags, I heard the front desk attendant telling another patron that they'd match the rate if you found a better one online. No idea why this wasn't offered to me just a few minutes before when I'd made it clear I saw a cheaper rate on their website. I went up to the room and saw the rate on their site was cheaper so I called the front desk to inquire about this. The man that answered refused to listen to me and kept cutting me off telling me that it doesn't work that way - you can't ask for a cheaper rate later. After taxes it was only $13 but it was the principle. When I told him I felt his interruptions and refusal to listen were poor customer service he told me that I only felt it was poor customer service because I wasn't getting my way and challenged me to call Wyndham corporate before hanging up on me. My fiance called back and the guy told him that he wasn't rude to me, I was ride to him! I am a customer service manager and by no means was I rude. My fiance always chastises me for being too nice. When my fiance asked for his boss he refused and identified himself as the franchise owner. I can't believe Wyndham would allow a franchise owner to treat a guest so poorly.

Because of his harassment, we no longer felt comfortable staying there and requested to check out. He welcomed our request to leave but refused to refused to refund us for the stay (less than an hour). We threatened to dispute with our credit card company and he taunted us saying we wouldn't get anything back because he had my signature. We left and called wyndham hoping they'd help us. Their customer care department was closed but reservations promptly found us another hotel in the chain nearby for cheaper.

The next morning I promptly called customer care and opened a case. I did eventually get my money back after a lot of run around with their customer care department.  All in all I am not happy with the experience or the way Wyndham handled it as I never even received so much as an apology.  I do not ever wish to stay at another Wyndham property ever again.

If I could give them less than a 1, I would.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible bed bug infested. Less than a hr being in our room my wife was bit on her arm and,face by a bed bug. Went to frint desk to be refunded and was met by very rude and unprofessional staff. Was told our money would be refunded back to our credit card but still have never received it. Stay away
Rating: 1
Text: the hotel is very handsome but the attention but should teach you to smile the staff had noise of music next to my room when I left the hotel they did not say goodbye
Rating: 1
Text: This was a horrible hotel experience. First when we went to check in the front desk person was yelling at someone on the phone. Then when she got us checked in she threw the room keys at me  access the counter. My husband and I got assigned to a room with people already in occupying it(that was embarrassing) then when went down to tell them she had an attitude with us. Our next room the sheets were stained, the ac didn't work and we had no towels in the room. Call down about the ac, she just said ok, went down to get towels and tell them about the ac again, the oldee man was annoyed that they didn't give towels or attempt to fix the ac. If I could I give zero stars I would.
