Days Inn Champaign/Urbana
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give zero I would.... I got a room being as I was out of town for work and stay in quite a few hotels... Looks rough from the outside but the lobby looked pretty clean and up to date. Before heading to our room we asked if the rooms were clean and were assured they were. We got to the room and started checking our beds like we do at every hotel.. Under the first bed we found several bugs. Under my bed we found some glue on finger nails and A Crack Pipe! If I could upload photos I would... Informed the staff and left to another hotel.
Rating: 2
Text: We needed a place to sleep for the night on a long trip. We picked this hotel because of the location and price. I didn't expect a lot and we really only wanted to sleep and get breakfast before heading out right away. Upon entering our room we were concerned with the moisture. Not even humid outside and the entire room was soggy. The carpet and the bed were damp. The shower had an odd orange substance all over it. Whatever, we were exhausted, we checked for bedbugs (no signs of those thankfully!!) and went promptly to bed. We woke up and decided to go for breakfast, there was nowhere to sit with your food (only a few tables and they were all taken) and there were repeat Heath code violations on the wall, that makes you hungry. The pickings were slim, store bought donuts and rolls, cereal, strawberry vanilla yogurt, and a single waffle maker. There was also an oatmeal container but it appeared to be filled with water. Okay, whatever, grab a donut and head out. While packing my things I hear a noise from the ceiling and I turn to look and as I do the ceiling breaks and water starts pouring down to where I was just standing. The one thing I will say is that the cleaning crew really seemed to be doing the best with what they had and put genuine care into their work. (But they did throw away our cookies that were still sealed by the fridge). They were the only reason this wasn't a 1-star review.
Rating: 4
Text: Don't let the exterior fool you. It looks kind of run down on the outside, but the rooms are clean, comfortable, and well furnished. We slept really well. The staff are some of the friendliest hotel staff I've ever encountered. My only complaint is that the bathroom smelled like smoke, which is really gross to nonsmokers.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms clean and in good shape. Breakfast normally doesn't start until 06:30 but there were several construction workers and groups getting up early and breakfast was out by 5:15. Front desk staff was cheerful and happy to help.
Rating: 1
Text: This room is disgustingly gross. Paint is peeling in several places bed and blankets have tons of burnholes. Stinks, toilet paper holder is hanging out of wall and air conditioner is about to fall out, fridge and freezer are dirty and so are the carpets. Nit staying. Asking for a refund. Took pictures as proof. Doesnt deserve one star but cant post without at least 1
