Days Inn & Suites Kalamazoo
Rating: 3
Text: For the price, I almost gave it three stars. Very cheap and I am familiar with getting what you pay for. But there were what appeared to be blood stains on a pillow that you could see through the hopefully clean pillow case. Our room smelled like smoke even though it was supposed to be non smoking. We asked for 2 towels after the pool and the front desk only had one. The indoor pool was nicer than I expected, small but my son had a great time and it was the best part of the trip. Should have made my own coffee in the room, did not care for the coffee with breakfast. Wished the bacon had been restocked, they ran out 15 minutes before breakfast was over and never put any more out. But otherwise a pretty good breakfast variety, despite lack of meat. There weren't a lot of hotels with rooms available the night we stayed, if not for the smoke smell and stain I'd have given 3 stars. If you lower your expectations this might be the place for you!
Rating: 4
Text: I was very impressed with this hotel for the price I paid. I only gave them 4 stars because some of our neighbors were smoking pot during our stay making the hallway REEK of weed. I also feel the front desk could be better managed. Both checking in and checking out I had to wait at the desk for at least 5 minutes before anyone even noticed me. The breakfast could be a lot better, it was mainly carb options, I would've liked to see more protein options. We were traveling with my cat and they were very nice about it. They said since it was for one night and my cat was very well behaved and not leaving the room, they wouldn't charge me extra for him. Beware dog owners! I'm pretty sure they charge extra for dogs!! 
Rating: 3
Text: Lots of amenities for the price. Decent room all together. However, at 10:45am I get a loud pounding on the door to my room. A woman tells me I need to check out. I asked her "But check out is at Noon, right?" and she insists it's already 11am and I need to check out. Not certain why it is necessary to intrude on someone's privacy over an hour before check out. It was rude. There is a clock in my room, I am fully aware of the time.
Rating: 3
Text: The negatives: dated interior, not very clean, cobweb on the ceiling, and I had to ask the front desk for the TV remote and amenities. The positives; the pool was nice, although I had to go to the front desk to get towels, and the breakfast waffles were tasty.  Overall, it was an okay stay for one night, but I'll never book here again.
Rating: 2
Text: Cheeto prints on the pillows, scratchy blankets, hair in the shower, and the microwave smelled disgusting. The microwave was horrible when you opened it, the smell straight up hits you and makes you nauseous(I gagged a few times). Days inn I was in room 117, you might want to check that out. Despite all that I still had a ok overall experience at best. The heater kept the room warm, I had free breakfast, and the TV had plenty of channels to choose from.
