Days Inn Huntington
Rating: 1
Text: Had plans on saying here for roughly a month but my guys and I will be leaving after our week here is up. I've asked to speak to the manager on multiple occasions and they have yet to get in contact with me. There aren't many people staying here and I've asked about getting a bigger refrigerator(since there are bigger ones not being used) and apparently the manager won't accommodate two people in a room with a small fridge. With that being said, these guys have lost a lot of business over that one little issue. The beds are hard. The rooms smell horrible. I started itching extremely bad after my first night here. I do not recommend this place at all. Also, Chris has a horrible attitude. Lol
Rating: 2
Text: Rooms were good but customer service was HORRIBLE! The young Arab man at the front desk was very rude several times. I stayed here for 4 weeks and at the end of my stay I asked for a receipt and he rudely told me he didn’t see me in the system
Rating: 4
Text: Clean and the air conditioning works well. Was a little concerned about the suspicious late-night traffic, but once in my room, I felt safe. One weird item about the room. Hotels almost always have some kind of generic framed art on the walls. This room had 3 of the same picture!
Rating: 3
Text: I was desperate for a hotel after another hotel double booked my reserved room. It was after midnight, I'd been driving all night, my phone's data was throttled, etc. All the hotels I called were booked up. Days Inn Huntington had a room! And it was cheap. The only reason I'm giving three stars and not four is that so many things were broken. My expectations are low for cheap hotels but there were so many things! The light next to the bed was burned out. The shower head was super low (I'm 6'0"), the toilet ran all night, the window curtain didn't fully block the view from outside in, the carpet was kinda gross, the door looked like it had been kicked in, and other little annoyances. In a pinch it's a place to lay one's head. But I'd expect better for the price. C'mon, it's not a $45 motel.
Rating: 4
Text: I was a little afraid of staying here after reading some of the comments.  But I must say it wasn't what I had read.  The staff was amazing.  Room was really nice and big.  Housekeeping could have been a little better in the corners of the room. The breakfast was not the best but there is a McDonalds next door and a Golden Corral across the street. For the price this place was good!   I WILL stay here again when coming through this way! Thanks Days Inn
