Days Inn Columbia I-70
Rating: 1
Text: TERRIBLE!! disgustingly dirty room. Nothing had been cleaned in multiple stays I'm positive... trash under beds, trash openly laying in bathroom floor, Tons of hair in bathtub and toilet, mirrors and sink not cleaned. Pictures crooked. Sheets were possibly clean but still had stains. Not to mention the bed being held up by bricks. We Asked for a roll away bed they said they would bring one up, 30 minutes later called down to desk and they had forgot, once it was delivered we unfolded it and there was a waded up dirty sheet with hair and crumbs in the bed that smelled like body odor and smoke. we asked to be moved in another room, this room was just as nasty didn't even want to take a shower to get clean because of dirty tub was. These beds were braced with 2x4's rather than bricks, and the heat did not work in 25 degree weather. Hot tub and sauna both broke and employees take no pride in their job obviously! Should not be associated with Wyndham!
Rating: 3
Text: My experience wasn’t the best, I’ve seen way better. First I didn’t get there until 3 so I was so tired and ready to just sleep well it wasn’t like that. I got into my room, went into the bathroom before anyone used it; there’s a hair lying on the sink, dried left soap on the tub bar, the floor wasn’t really clean either, the toilet looked like someone just pooped n it was dirty. I went to go lay down the red thing at the end of the bed was stained, the sheets were stained also, the top heavy blanket also was stained and dirty, I checked for bugs there wasn’t any thankfully but needless to say the laundry ladies aren’t doing very good. I also didn’t have a coffee pot which wasn’t a big deal but I was ready for coffee but no I had to go ask for a pot before I could do that. The room could’ve been vacuumed also. Other then that the hotel seemed nice and alright.
Rating: 1
Text: Our experience was terrible. My friends and I thought it would be fun to have a girl's weekend and spend it here, but we were so very wrong.
When we arrived, it took at least 10 minutes of waiting at the desk before anyone showed up to check us in. After waiting all this time, it took the woman a very long time to "understand" our reservations (she continued to say "This just doesn't make sense. I don't understand" when staring at the computer). When we were handed the keys, there was just a paper map that she pointed to and said which door to park by and go in, with no direction as to where that was in relation to where we were.
Thankfully, we were able to figure out what door to go in and it was unlocked (slightly creepy, since we would assume that you would need a hotel key to enter). We found our room with little trouble, other than the hallways REEKING of cigarette smoke.
As we walked in, we noticed a terrible mold/mildew smell. The curtain rod was drooping on one side, the lamp cord was split in two, the carpet was damp, there was hair in the bathtub, the bed was held up by two by fours, there were holes in the walls, the wall was spongy feeling (so was the ceiling), the chair looked like there had been "adult activities" engaged on it, the Bible was sticky and it just frankly didn't sit well with us.
We finally decided to call downstairs and see if there were any other rooms available and THANKFULLY the man who answered the phone was more than gracious and seemed appalled at the condition of the room and gave us keys to a different one.
We took the long journey to the second room (a lot longer than we expected. Didn't realize it was such a big hotel!) and found our second room to be better! The walls were not spongy (neither was the ceiling), the lamps worked (though one was incredibly sideways and we were worried it was going to fall off the wall), the bathtub was free of hair (though the wallpaper looked strangely like poop smeared all over it, but since it was a pattern, we dismissed the thought), the beds were not held up by 2×4s...at least that we could tell (though one had lipstick stains on the sheets and the other didn't even have a fitted sheet at all), the smell was pleasant and the room was generally more spacious!
We were glad that we asked for a second room and we were able to have a better time just laughing and catching up on life after we switched to the second room, but I am still not sure that we will ever take the risk of booking at this hotel again.
Rating: 1
Text: We had a group and had 5 or six awful rooms. One had dirty sheets rolled up and stuffed in their fridge. My room had tons of mold in the shower and a sink that leaked water all over the floor. We had a cot for our room that they neglected to give blankets for and they were out when we called front desk. I would highly recommend staying somewhere else.
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed here for the Show Me State Games, room rates were of course raised to $110 a night. Room was disgusting. Crumbs on chairs, beds, counters. Trash on the floor, stains everywhere! Hair on the sink and tub, a ring of filth on the tub. Pillow cases were VERY dirty or stained( I couldn't tell). Drawers were busted on cabinets. I felt gross staying here, and room had an awful smell. Hot tub has been broken for some time, ice machine had no ice, and the room was very oddly set up.  I complained to the front desk but they had no other rooms available, so I could either leave and not have a place to go or stay and pretend it wasn't that bad.
