Days Inn Florence Cincinnati Area
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel staff is super nice. They were amazing when we arrived early and needed to check in. The rooms were much nicer than their pictures online. Everything is updated and was really clean. The TV was huge with an excellent picture. The breakfast left a lot to be desired. No juice or eggs. Limited amount of everything and things weren't being restocked. Besides that it was great. I would definitely stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Our room was very nice and clean. Desk help was courteous. They are pet friendly which is why we chose them and the pet fee was $10.00 less then the comfort Inn beside them. They could of had a better breakfast selection but overall we were very satisfied and will stay there again.
Rating: 4
Text: I've stayed here 4 times in the last couple years. Each time I've had no real issues other than sleeping on the side near the interstate can be loud. The lighting in the room is very dim and you have to rise early to get the simple breakfast they offer. If you're just looking for a clean room to sleep in for the night for a decent price, it works. It's also nice they have an elevator to get to the second floor. Forget putting the "do not disturb/clean" sign out. They seem to fall off with the wind or something, 'cause the room was always cleaned when we returned.
Rating: 4
Text: Quick, Clean, Affordable, Simple. Breakfast left much to be desired. Free coffee flavored water. No hot food. If you like sugar for breakfast, you're in for a treat. 
Rating: 3
Text: This isn't a fancy 5-star hotel so don't have those kind of expectations when you stay here.  It is tidy, the staff was very kind and accommodating.  They offer a simple breakfast.  If you need an affordable place to stay, I would recommend this hotel.  The hotel was nearly booked when I made my reservation, and I had to settle for a smoking room.  Upon arrival, I asked if anything non-smoking was available, and due to a cancelation they switched me over without any trouble.  Thanks to the staff for being so professional, customer service goes a long way with me.
