Days Inn Amherst
Rating: 1
Text: This place is run by crooked management that takes no responsibility for the actions of it's employees, and it has no security. I booked a room days in advance for a single king bed at this location for my fiancee and myself. This was to be a pleasant one-night stay during a family trip over the weekend. Instead, it turned into a nightmare. First, I was assigned to the wrong room with double beds that I couldn't get into because the key card wasn't correctly activated at the desk. I went back down to get it fixed, then went back up and found out it was the wrong room. After going back to the desk a second time about this problem, we were reassigned to a room at the rear-corner of the back building, first floor. The minute we stepped into this room, we were locked in because the door knob was broken off. I had to call the desk to have the clerk walk to the room and let us in, only to discover the reason this knob was broken was so anyone could force it open without a key. The room had an adjoining door that was also unlocked. This second room felt like a setup and was extremely shady. There was clear prostitution and other suspicious behavior being conducted by several occupants of the rear building, and this did not seem to bother the employees in the least. We were moved back to a room with double beds anyway. At this point, we realized my fiancee's purse was missing. It was left back in the first double beds room, and had been taken by either the current young occupant who was there immediately after we were moved, or likely the clerks themselves. The police were called, a report was made, and everything possible was searched -- but no one admitted to anything. This was the WORST POSSIBLE STAY at a hotel ever experienced, and I WOULD CAUTION EVERYONE TO STAY AWAY FROM THIS ESTABLISHMENT AT ALL COSTS! I am still undecided on requesting filing charges against the hotel employees, possibly more. I would give this hotel zero stars if that was an option.
Rating: 3
Text: Well, cheap looking place but a high dollar room price. Swimming pool had green algae growing in the little bit of water that was in it and it was summer which should mean open pool. The area around the pool was disgusting too. Beds hard and lumpy and old smelling. They sure don't spend any money making their guests feel comfortable. Front desk run by rude Indian person and not American Indian but either Pakistani or India Indian. Won't ever spend a night at a Days Inn ever again.
Rating: 1
Text: I WOULD NEVER STAY at this hotel again!!!!
There were 3 grave issues with this nightmare of an overnight stay. 
Although we paid for a non-smoking room, the room had cigarette smells in it.
The main issue that really sucked was when a male housekeeper just barged into the room without knocking. I had just finished getting dressed and was sitting in the chair. My man had only been gone less than a minute before that male housekeeper barged into the room without knocking. When he barged in, he didn’t even have a surprised look on his face. Keep in mind that checkout time was 11am and the barging in took place about 10:15am.  Immediately, I jumped up out of the chair and asked him what he wanted. He looked at me and pretended that he didn’t speak English. I closed the door and called the main desk.  I told the person at the front desk what had just happened, and that I did not like their POLICY of training their help to barge in on their guest without knocking. 

When we were checking out, I told the woman at the front desk that I was still going to write a review about what happened here and their policy of allowing employees to just barge into an occupied room without knocking. Immediately, she offered me to give me a discount on my next stay. I told her that there would NEVER be a next time. She finally decided to give me a slight discount on this bill.

That discount proved to be another nightmare as well. To add insult to injury, she charged me close to $400 instead of giving me a discount.

I WOULD NEVER STAY at this hotel again, and I would highly SUGGEST that YOU NEVER STAY here as well. You never know who will barge in while you are getting dressed, taking a shower, and or standing over you while you are sound asleep
Rating: 5
Text: Very happy with our stay. We we traveling and needed to get some sleep. The gentleman at the desk was extremely helpful and inviting. The room was very clean. If we are in need of a room and passing through we would definitely stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice place with very frendly staff and all the amenities. Rooms have coffee pots refrigerators and microwave. Great price!!
