Days Inn Louisville Central University & Expo Center
Rating: 1
Text: Nice people, outdated rooms. Sketchy location. Unattractive lobby. Selling outdated TVs in the lobby area.
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel is disgusting and it has nothing to do with the renovations. There were stains on everything: carpet, toilet, sink, sheets. The king size bed has two twin beds as the bed frame. The bathroom door knob wasn't even put on right. It locked you in from the outside. The pillow was about 20 years old and shredded on the inside. The website claimed to be pet friendly but there is absolutely no grass to be walked on. I paid online and was told they didn't know if I got my military discount and then my sister had to pay $26.50 more for her dog. The view from your room is a huge liquor store. If there was a way to get our money back we would have gone elsewhere but they said since I paid online they couldn't refund. The clerk was nice its not her fault this place is nasty and ghetto but at least the toilets flushed i guess. This hotel is proof that if herpes could jump you would have it after staying here.
Rating: 3
Text: This location is currently (September 2017) undergoing renovation. Our room was disheveled. We had no baseboards or trim, and had a full 2 inch gap between the bottom of our door and the floor allowing light and air from outside to come in. The staff was very nice and courteous, and they did include a free breakfast. It worked out for the amount of money we paid.
Rating: 1
Text: Room looked halfway decent so I went ahead and checked in. Pulled the top cover down found stains and no blankets! Asked for blankets and after the staff searched was notified that there wasn't any there! Then I asked for my money back and they wouldn't give a refund! There was suspicious people hanging around in the parking lot most of the night! I did not feel comfortable or safe at this hotel! Do not stay here I would recommend paying a little extra for a better room!
Rating: 4
Text: Location great older hotel but currently under renovation putting in all need stuff. Would definitely stay here again. Staff was awesome and breakfast included was great. A+ from us.
