Days Inn and Suites Roseville
Rating: 1
Text: This was the worst hotel to stay in! We just left it and will never book here again. I recently had back surgery and my husband went down to get me breakfast. They told him to take a plate of food up would cost 15.00! Are you kidding me! First i can go anywhere else to get a better breakfast for less and second the breakfast says free. To take it up to your room should be the same. Of course they said its policy.... ok well i was a housekeeper and we had free breakfast there too and we let them eat in their room. I will be calling corporate and complaining to them about this. Also housekeeping is not the best as we found hair on the bathroom floor, under bed was not cleaned and they give you 1 tea bag. Only good that came out of this was the bed, very comfortable and soft for my back.
Rating: 3
Text: Good hotel and nice staff. Breakfast starts at 6am with nothing (not even coffee) before. The courtyard is beautiful even in fall/winter. The major downfall with this location, was the location of my room (114). It was right next to the restaurant and bar within the hotel. I heard loud people come and go all times of the night. Other than that, the hotel was clean, safe, and I'd stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give them no stars I would. The manager is horrible and so are the staff. Never again will I visit this place and I WILL NOT EVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE. They stated that they could not use my card because my name was not on it so I payed cash... Still they managed to charge my card for the exact same amount of the cost of the room and now act like they don't have it on file but my bank does. They did absolutely nothing to try to fix this problem. What type of company does this and act like it's okay. I will never visit this place again.
Rating: 1
Text: Hotel was nice but the staff wasn't.  Had my credit card information stolen by an employee.  The hotel is the only place there that could have access to both my card number and security number since I did not use it anywhere else.  And all the charges were made by a man who lived nearby. Luckily I was able to catch it as soon as I did so no large damage was done, but it did cause problems on my trip.  So I would not recommend staying here unless you want to be the next victim.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff is great and the bar is awesome the bartender was kind the food is great atmosphere itself is relaxing calm and overall soothing I would recommend 100%??
