Days Inn North Sioux City SD
Rating: 5
Text: I really enjoy staying at this motel, they just got new beds and pillows. The staff is very friendly, and the rates are great! I highly recommend this motel.
Rating: 2
Text: Musty and damp... ugh!  Pros:  The linens were clean. The staff was nice.  Cons: I called ahead and asked if they accepted dogs.  The answer was a simple "yes" $10/night.  When I arrived, I was then informed that they had a 40 lb maximum allowed for dogs.  I explained that I had called prior to booking and that my 60 lb dog would be very quiet and well behaved.  They did permit my dog.  My chief complaint is that the room was exceedingly damp and very musty smelling.  A couple I met at breakfast volunteered that their room was the same.  The breakfast was very meager as well.    It was a convenient stopping place for me, but will be placed on my "don't come back to this one" list.
Rating: 1
Text: Terrible, horrible, disgusting DUMP. This place should be condemned. Is there a way to leave negative stars? One star is too generous. This place was the worst. Scary neighborhood, ugly building, a huge pile of used old dirty mattresses right outside of the rooms by the trash. Not even stacked up neatly. That wasn't even the worst part. We arrived at 6:30 pm and the room that we had prepaid for still wasn't ready! The guy in front of us said he'd been waiting an hour already. I think the couple before him had been waiting around for hours to get into their room. At 7:30 people were still waiting to get into rooms.  Finally while we were waiting around for the room we decide to walk our dog and the front desk guy comes out to tell us our dog cant stay in the room we booked. (How he had time for that when none of his rooms were ready beats me) but anyway I thanked my lucky stars and ran like the dickens to a cleaner and safer hotel about 30 miles up the road. I feel like he saved me from a night of pure hell in a bad area at an even worse hotel. Horrible! DON'T STAY HERE. I would probably avoid north sioux city altogether, but especially avoid this days inn.
Rating: 5
Text: The owners of the place are super sweet. Nice pool inside. Great little breakfast. Was our 2nd stay. Will stay again
Rating: 1
Text: The woman went off on us as soon as we walked in infront of other guests .Was accused of leaving the room a mess when we picked up all of the trash and put all of the towels in one spot.Just the beds weren't made. Was accused of ruining the mattress.We got the same room again  and checked the mattress and there was nothing on it. I called downstairs and asked them if they changed the mattress and they said no. Found hair and bugs in the swimming pool. The staff stares at you then talks to each other in a foreign language. Im angry at this place. Its nasty,old,and nothing works.I refuse to stay here again.
