Days Inn Cleveland Lakewood
Rating: 1
Text: The Days Inn I have stayed at in the past was very nice and well kept.  This place was and is a flea bag motel.  They do not clean the rooms.  It is dirty and do not change the sheets after the last person.  The first room they showed me had someone's hair on the sheets.  The second room they put me in had hair and crumbs on the sheet.  The toilet had the paper around it like they cleaned it but this was not the case.  The third was a little cleaner but the tub and shower in all the rooms were disgusting.  The last one they put me in the tub filled up while I showered which, yes, is gross.  
  When walking up or down the hall where the rooms were the smell of marijuana was so strong you could catch a contact buzz.  All night long the people who stayed there played their music loud and had drunken arguments in the hallway.  
I don't see how Days Inn corporate allow them to stay open with the filth in all the rooms.  The only way to clean this Days Inn is to tear it down and build another one in its place.  
So please my good clean people DO NOT STAY THERE.  DO NOT CALL AND RESERVE A ROOM.  PLEASE GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
Rating: 1
Text: NEVER SLEPT HERE! After 3 different rooms we had to leave! First room was filthy, bugs everywhere mold all around the windows and the window was broken, second room reeked of cigarettes and had burn holes all over BOTH beds and the third room had God knows what all over the sheets, hair all over the floor and bed and the remote was at the foot of the bed under the blankets! The whole place was shady, and we were traveling to Cleveland Clinic with a sick child to receive a second opinion! This place needs to be shut down and the rude Manager finally called and said you were here for an hour! There was nothing wrong! We did say check your cameras you will see it was under 30 minutes! We have filed a complaint with corporate and sent our photos to them, I will also be contacting the department of health as this place is definitely in violation! We had to drive into Cleveland after our already long drive there and pay for another hotel! Not money that is easy to spend when you have a very ill child! If anyone has similar pics or information regarding this hotel I encourage you to contact corporate or myself! I am sure that if there is enough information from several others this place can be shut down!!!
Rating: 2
Text: Well, how do I say this tactfully... This place is a dump, but it is a conveniently located dump. If all you're looking for is a no frills no-tell motel, then this is the spot for you. Better can easily be had by consulting the website William Shatner shills for, and probably for less $.
Rating: 3
Text: Pretty okay sleep, but the alcohol helped with that. About what you'd expect from a 2.5 star hotel. No bugs, though reviews there have mentioned otherwise.
Rating: 2
Text: First time coming here, it was booked through a gig so we didn't know what we were really getting into. Key cards didn't work properly and would work differently every time, one bed was completely off the frame, everything was kind of clean but the main issue was having to switch our rooms to non smoking, the receptionist was having trouble figuring out how to switch it in the computer or even do anything related to hotel work . I hope we never go back.
