Days Inn & Suites Hutchinson
Rating: 4
Text: This motel was real nice. Priced cheaper than the rest of the chains in town, my lady and I chose it for that reason. The rooms were small and they only offered a queen size bed but the price was right. The room was clean and breakfast is what you would expect from a place like this. Staff were nice and chatty at check in. The best part about this place was the mirror behind the bed...it kind of spices things up with pre-sleep activities if you know what I'm saying! >:)
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly staff, well kept building, clean room, everything works as it should, decent breakfast & coffee. All at a very reasonable price. If I go to Hutchinson again I see no reason to stay anywhere else.
Rating: 1
Text: We have a newborn baby and were in Hutchinson visiting family and booked a room with this hotel. we were later informed by an employee of the hotel close to the family that the hotel was having issues with bedbugs. Of course we were not going to chance taking our newborn in a hotel with the possibility of bed bugs and when calling the hotel to try and cancel and explain the situation to them they were extremely rude and very unaccomadating. Needless to say we or the rest of our family will never be staying at a days inn again and if ever asked about our views of the hotel will not be afraid to inform people of our very negative experience. Customer service should be top priority and it was well aware that that was not the case at this particular hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: My room was clean and the bed was very comfortable.  The free WiFi and breakfast were a bonus.  Thanks for a great stay!
Rating: 1
Text: The non-suite cheap rooms are designed like a prison cell.  Design hint: 
don't use dark colors in a small room, they make it seem smaller.   The lighting is terrible in these rooms, very harsh.  Minimal outlets and no USB outlets.  The Wi-Fi is terrible, there is a little sign prominently displayed on the "desk" in your room for Wi-Fi support but no one answers the phone.  The Wi-Fi crashed my Chrome based browser with unlimited log-in  pages and I had to use task manager to get out and then reboot and ended up using my IPhone hot spot.  Even after rebooting and using my own Hot 
Spot the browser still generated an infinity of log-in pages; finally got it under control.  The room is clean.
