Days Inn Athens OH
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this hotel a zero, I would!! I think it's absolutely horrible that they raise their prices from $89 a night to over $220 a night during OU parents weekend. We spent over $525 for 2 nights at this disgusting place. I have no problem paying that much if it was worth it! Place is DIRTY, DIRTY, DIRTY!!!! Dead bugs in corner of bathroom, bathroom smelled like pee, a old pop bottle was on floor under AC unit which means they didn't sweep very good!! This place is so run down, it's gross! I wouldn't pay $50 a night for this place! GROSS, GROSS, GROSS!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: Clerk was nice. That was IT! We rented 2 rooms both doors looked as if they had been kicked in. One of the rooms did not even need a key to push the door open! First impression was old yellow comforter with cigarette burn holes!! Turn to shut the door to the room to find dirty hand marks all along the door. Bathrooms were extremely used and worn. Most of the caulking used to patch the broken tiles was peeling up. When we turned to leave the room, we saw all the dead bugs in the windows! I can't believe people would pay$ to stay here. We walked right back out and attempted to get our money back. USE a Credit card so you can get your $$$ back. By the way, we were charged the same amount had we stayed at the Holiday inn or Baymont inn. This is by far a $50 or less room.
Rating: 3
Text: Very friendly and helpful check in. Good upgrade with wooden flooring. Clean room and quiet area. Some trouble identifying access road but once located was easy to return. A lot of road construction in Athens, Ohio area is a little inconvenient.
Rating: 4
Text: decent room, clean tidy nice staff really small tv and in my opinion sub part housekeeping
Rating: 3
Text: Although I think my room was clean, it was hard to tell as everything is old, beat up and ragged.  The room had all the amenities, however, the bed was  small and there was a funky odor. I was there for work, so I don't know what was charge for the room.  If you pay more than $50, you paid too much.
