Days Inn Indianapolis East Post Road
Rating: 1
Text: Continental Breakfast was not at all what is pictured on the website.  Less than clean rooms.  Advise against staying here.
Rating: 3
Text: No bed bugs. Mostly quiet and close to the highway and two 24 hour restaurants. Priced around $80-$90, which was high considering the amenities were very "common" in status, but I slept well and it was quiet. If you're looking for more than one days stay, there are better options. It was good for a one nighter. 
Rating: 1
Text: This place doesn't even deserve the star I gave it, the night manager was rude, the Days in Credo of friendly staff, clean rooms and just ask if you need anything is severely lacking. As far as the room goes, it was disgusting, old worn down mattresses, one with the bed bug zipper cover, one without, the room had a noticeable odor plus the smell of old smoke. The vanity area was in need of some rework, the walls were dirty, the base boards were disgusting. The room had no towels, and when we requested towels from the night manager and cleaning staff in the morning, we were told no that they had none in a very non professional manner. As for the bathroom it was a nightmare... the room smelt musty of mold, the floor felt slimy to the touch, the surround of the shower where the water control was moved away from the wall, the curtain was dirty the room had cracks along the shower wall where there should be caulking, the shower didn't drain well at all, there was dirt and mold in each of the corners in the bathroom, and the toilet moved. This was by far the worst place we have ever stayed, they outside of the building looks old and unkept, this is very far from what the Wyndham name represents, and shouldn't carry the name period, if this is a franchise owner, Wyndham should rethink there choice here. Don't stay here, it is a waste of your hard earned money.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is disgusting.  I'll say expectations were not high pulling into the parking lot. We checked into room 112 at 11:45 p.m. after 15 hours on the road. There were 4 of us, all adults. The room smells musty and is very dated. The paint on the walls looked like a 5 year old did it. The shower surround on the tub is separating from the wall and the bathroom smells like mold. We asked for extra towels and were given one bath towel and told that was all they have. Bath towels were thin and rough. If this is how Wyndahm lets a franchisee operate a property you should be appalled. My husband took our rewards card back down to the front desk and the clerk wasn't going to give him our points. They actually have a sign that you have 10 minutes to make complaints or no refunds. When we checked out this morning and I brought the issues to the clerk's attention all he said was ok. Non-existant customer service. If we hadn't been so tired last night we would have left and spent our money elsewhere.  By the way, my husband managed Choice and  Hilton properties for years. Guess we should have found one of them. I wouldn't recommend this property to anyone. We did stay in another Wyndahm property on this trip that was very nice. This franchisee needs his hotel reviewed and updates made..If he can't or won't renovate to Wyndahm standards perhaps he should have an independently flagged hotel.  Shame on him for allowing the property to look the way it is.
Rating: 2
Text: Accommodations were barely adequate. The small air conditioning unit wouldn't stay running longer than a few minutes before tripping the circuit breaker in the cord. A traveling companion in another room had black mold in their shower. At the front desk, there was an especially classy sign stating that there are no refunds after ten minutes.
