Days Inn St Peters/St Charles
Rating: 1
Text: DON’T BOTHER BOOKING WITH THIS AWFUL PLACE!! I would leave them 0 stars if I could. 

When I walked in to check in, at check in time the front desk was completely empty and the lights were off. When I rang the bell for service, no one came out. TWICE. I finally had to call the hotels main line as I was standing in their lobby, and when the manager (her name has been confirmed as Anita Patel) came out from hiding, she simply said “Yeah. I heard you.” Then she proceeded to tell me that there was a problem with housekeeping, so she needed to go and ask them which rooms were clean.
When she came back, I was given a room and she told me to come back in thirty minutes if there were any problems (?). 
Well, about an hour passes while I’m settling in, before I finally pull back the comforter on the bed and there are orange crumbs, some small stains, and TOE NAILS on the sheets!!! And the sheets were completely ruffled and obviously hadn’t been washed. So I immediately went back to the front desk and told the manager, and she says “Well I told you to come back up here if you had a dirty room. Why didn’t you come up here earlier?” So I explained to her that I hadn’t uncovered the bed until just then, and she replies, “Okay, what do you want me to do? What? You want another room? You want new sheets?” So to try and make this as easy as possible, I said I’d be okay if someone would just come and change the sheets. And then this woman tells me she’ll just give ME the sheets, and when I told her housekeeping needed to come and take care of this, she just shooed me away.

Well to my surprise, she came down to my room with sheets in hand (crumpled in a freaking ball) and I showed her the messy bed. This woman looked at the bed and had the audacity to say “I don’t know what happened. Sorry. But look, the sheets are cleaned! The did come in here and cleaned the sheets!” And I’m like, hello you just picked up those toe nails and you’re gonna try and tell me that the sheets are clean?! So she proceeds to rip everything off the bed and angrily shake off the sheets onto the floor, sloppily threw the new sheets on the bed, and stormed out and SLAMMED the door.

So I decided to leave. When I went out and turned in my key, I asked for a refund and Anita told me I couldn’t get a refund. I have her on camera as she laughed in my face, told me I wasn’t getting my money back, and made really inappropriate comments on how I was “just mad that my boyfriend couldn’t come stay with me.” Even though I was in St. Peter’s by myself on business?

Overall just VERY unprofessional. Thankfully, corporate will be handling it from here on out since Anita told me to go away and then personally emailed me (hours after I left) to reiterate that I wasn’t getting my money back.
Rating: 5
Text: We made the reservation using a 3rd party mobile app because we were on the road and needed to find a cheap place near the hospital. When we checked in, the staff chose to upgrade our room to the king bed from the queen and did not charge us any more over what we had paid. The room was standard, but the bed impressed me. I usually have a hard time falling asleep in any hotel room, but the bed was super comfy! Would stay again if needed.
Rating: 5
Text: This had to be thee friendliest Days Inn that I ever stayed in. The front desk clerk (Anita) was so kind and accommodating. I got a very spacious and conveniently located room within the hotel. I felt like family when I stayed there and was greeted as such! I haven't been to a more friendly Days inn than this one. This hotel far surpassed this weary traveler's expectations!
Rating: 1
Text: Worst hotel I've stayed in - in terms of cleanliness. Cobwebs, dirt, dust on décor at front desk area - there was the first clue. Baseboards thick with dust, carpets in halls not vacuumed, marks and scuffs on walls. The room smelt like the previous guests had just left, it was musty with the scent and sweat of others.  Mold around tub in bathroom. Towels didn't seem clean and were not folded in a welcoming manner, more like the previous guest had set them on the rack? Pillows were stained when the cases were pulled back. We brought in our own pillows from the car and then just left them behind. The only reason we stayed is because they already had our $82 and my husband and I were desperate for sleep. So gross! I hope we don't get sick from this..
Rating: 5
Text: I've stayed here for about a week now. As a truck driver, I often have to stay in hotels for extended periods, usually the cheapest one I can find. Overall, for the price of the room, I'm very satisfied. The rooms are fairly big, and clean. The wifi is good, the cleaning service thorough. The staff is incredibly helpful and kind, making sure everything is taken care of quickly. They make you feel at home!
