Days Inn Battlefield Rd/Hwy 65
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed one night on 10/10/17. If the room is all you need it was nice enough. It looked like a deal but we found this place in a pet friendly search. Our confirmation stated two adults and a small dog. At registration I filled out the paperwork listing two adults and small dog.
We checked in and later when the wife went for ice she was asked to sign additional paper work and the room rate was raised due to the dog.
Well, that kinda takes the good deal out of things. La Quinta and Red Roof take pets with out the extra fee and would have ended up a better deal had we known. It doesn't say added expense in the add, just pet friendly. When taking the reservation for two adults and a dog  it tells you this much money then they change it.  Had it been brought up prior to checking in we would have walked and found a better deal.
One other thing. I am not a smoker but if you are, there are signs all over the property about a $350.00 fine if caught smoking anywhere on Days Inn property. Something else you might want to know before you get there.
Other than that the room was clean and quiet just don't let them sneak up on you at the last minute with a price hike or $350.00 dollar fine.
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms were clean, and seemed nice enough. Beds are like sleeping on plywood though. The breakfast was generally what you'd expect, but the attendant was pushy, and kept interrupting our morning conversation to force small talk. Overall, if you're there for a night, it's cheap, and the cleanliness and price outweigh the bad. If you're staying longer, pick something more comfortable.
Rating: 4
Text: Stay was good.  Room was clean.  Breakfast was good.  My one complaint was that the beds are firm.  Was told that that was normal for each room.  If you want a softer bed, bring your own padding to sleep on.
Rating: 1
Text: We had to cancel our plans for mid October 2017.  I was under the understanding that if we cancelled in advance that we would not be charged.  Well, wrong.  We are being charged the entire cost of our stay.  I called the number given and the person was foreign and very very rude.  After several minutes of discussion I was told nothing he can do.  I asked for his manager and he stated he was the owner. Go figure.  I told him I would never stay there and it was a misunderstanding on my part but he didn't care.  I am going to contest the charge when I get it.  He then hung up on me.  Very poor service
Rating: 1
Text: We stopped here on our way back from New Mexico, on our way home to Indiana.  We have three children and it was almost 12:30am our time.  Upon checking in, the room felt cold, so we turned up the heat (so we thought) and went to bed.  All of us throughout the night, woke up freezing.  The bed only had sheets, a thin brown blanket and a sheet like coverlet.  When we woke up this morning, it was 29'degrees outside and frost on our car.  I went down to the front desk to explain the room wa very cold.  She did not apologize but rather told me, they forgot to turn the heat on in the room?  And next time, we needed to ask to have the heat on.  We travel regularly and have always had control of the temperature in our hotel rooms?  And anyone who travels regularly will agree it is hard to regulate temps in your room, and you should have access to adjust.  It appears a few of the venting pieces had also been broken and there was a tacky outlet strip plugged in and strung across that wall.  The room was clean, I will give them that...if it's cold or if you want to have control of the temp in your room,--- don't stay here.
