Days Inn Oglesby/ Starved Rock
Rating: 5
Text: Pleasantly surprised.  Not many hotels near Starved Rock that allow pets and higher end.  After nervously viewing awful looking rooms at other hotels in the area, we chose the Days Inn and booked last minute through Priceline.  My husband had to work Saturday so as soon as he got home and we packed up the hounds, we drove from northern IL and arrived around 11 pm looking to get a jump on Starved Rock the next morning.  Although the hotel's amenities list "pet friendly", after booking the room the receipt indicated "no pets".  I immediately phoned the hotel in a panic to confirm if pets are actually allowed.  The front desk clerk, Lisa, was very polite and mentioned that, because we booked the king business suite, they previously did not allow pets due to the sofa and recliner but have since retracted (THANK YOU!!!).  Our 2 greyhounds very much enjoyed the spacious king suite and the hotel is set back in a quiet area.  The dog "walking" area (conveniently located just steps from our room) was very well maintained and we did not have to dodge random landmines.  McDonald's is right across the street and the gas station is within walking distance for snacks. Only suggestion - better linens on the bed.  Very clean, quiet and friendly staff.  I'd book again in a heartbeat.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice and quiet. They have a place to park your trailer and rv. Breakfast is good but not many options. For someone who is eating healthy, don't count on breakfast here.
Rating: 5
Text: Very pleasant help at the front desk. Spotless room. Everything looks new. The staff was very helpful accommodating us with a room close by for my handicapped husband. Will put this on our list of favorites!
Rating: 5
Text: Staying at Days Inn was a nice experience. My family came for a vacation to Scared Rock. The rooms were clean, the staff was nice and helpful. It was also very close to Scared Rock. We hope to come and stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: Our stay was more or less fine. Nothing outstanding, nothing terrible. Our room was pretty outdated and drab. It wasn't dirty but we did have one dirty pillow case and the fridge magnet was moldy.
