Days Inn Toledo
Rating: 2
Text: I really mean to give it a 2.5 but I don't know how so I give it a 2.There are a lot of things to talk about, there was HAIR on the beds, not just one strand but maybe 5-6 strands I saw. Also there were some crayon like coloring on the WHITE pillow on both of the beds, and, on one of the beds there was a hole burned through the thing that goes on the bottom of the bed like a sheet but you don't sleep with it on the bed. The air conditioner was also broken but it still blew air but the part you see is broken. The bathrooms could have been more clean but they weren't that bad.The paint on the walls were peeling a little bit. The indoor pool wasn't bad ,but, it only went 5 feet so for a person that likes to swim like me it won't be fantastic ,but, it wasn't bad. The vending machines are bad one of them can't even take a dollar, and, the other one does but some of the buttons don't work. Also the machines can't take more than 1 paper dollar at a time. But, some good things are that the food is very DELICIOUS they have a breakfast bar too. The pool is very relaxing and the service is good ,the people here are pretty nice to you. They do have WiFi it is not the best but it is not bad ,actually, it's pretty good. The air conditioner is pretty good too, it makes the room feel cool or warm pretty fast. So in conclusion, there were a lot of bad things ,but, there were some good things to say the least.
Rating: 3
Text: Not bad for a two star hotel. Things are definitely broken and not perfect, but the bed was clean and comfortable and we enjoyed the live band at the bar.
Rating: 1
Text: I will give it one star only because the website will not let me post if I don't click on a star. Oh my God I cannot even give this place a star. I expected to see Norman Bates at any moment. We arrived tired, but not that tired. That is a haunted, scary place and I got an eerie feeling and almost ran out of there. This dilapidated building should be closed down there has got to be health code violations there and the foul smell. It is a horror waiting to happen.
Rating: 1
Text: Ugh. Scary place. Don't bring your kids here. Don't bring your wife or girlfriend here. Come here if you absolutely have no other place to go.
Rating: 1
Text: The carpets are disgusting. The smell of marijuana in the hallway. The air condition doesn't have nobs nor a cover. The beds didn't look in good shape. Trash still in room. Overall cleaness is horrible! Don't be fooled by the the front desk. DO NOT STAY HERE!
