Days Inn Tiffin
Rating: 1
Text: DIRTY!!! I would NEVER stay here ever again even if it was for free!! So dirty and nasty! We checked in but did not go to the room because we had to be somewhere so we got the keys and left. Came back at night so tired and ready to sleep but when lifting the covers there were crumbs of food on the bed, some black dirt looking stuff and little hairs and stains on the bed!! I called the front desk to let them know I need the room cleaned or a new room and the man said they were fully booked and didn't have another room to move me in and also had no one to come clean my room! Mind you the parking lot was half empty. I am a paying customer that wanted to sleep in my bed and this guy wanted me to sleep in some filth that I didn't know what it was! He kept trying to hang up with me but I then got really angry because he kept saying there is nothing he can do! I asked him for some clean sheets and I would do the work he said he didn't have any! I raised my voice and he finally said he will try to get some. He managed to find some sheets and sent them to the room for ME to change them. It's like the house keeper did the bed and then had lunch in it! Yellow and black stains and crumbs was really nasty. The bathroom was filthy I couldn't even shower. It had black mold in the tub and ceiling .floors were filthy and carpet was dusty and stinky. Towels were yellow looking and were supposed to be white. Curtains smelled so bad and the windows were so dusty. The lamps didn't work in the room! Only one outlet in the room worked! This is a ran down hotel that needs to be shut down! It is really filthy and I do not recommend anyone staying here! I woke up all itchy and felt disgusted!  
Rating: 5
Text: Lovely atmosphere, wonderful staff and a very welcoming ambiance. Compared to the last visit I also noticed they upgraded their furniture. Overall it was a pleasant stay.
Rating: 1
Text: Very dirty. The rooms had obviously not been vacuumed as there were crumbs and hair on the floor. Bathroom was very dirty. First non-smoking room we were put it smelled like smoke, we moved rooms and the second one was ok. The gentleman making omelets and pancakes at breakfast was drinking orange juice straight out of the gallon container while cooking. Hotel is very worn and dirty.
Rating: 2
Text: Room was dusty,dirty,and ran down. All for a $105.00 a night.
I checked for bed bugs first thing before bringing anything into room. Surprisingly I did not find any. If the bed had not been comfortable I would have asked for my money back and slept in my car. 
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel was not what I expected for $80 a night. The rooms weren't all that great. Everything was old. The complementary breakfast in the morning was lacking. A random guy in pajamas asked me how I was doing. I answered with a confused "OK?" Apparently the guy worked there. He was responsible for making pancakes, eggs and omelettes. I was expecting a do it yourself sort of breakfast. It was also weird that they had a tip jar out for the guy making the pancakes. I'm just use to a waffle iron and a big vat of scrambled eggs already made. Just thought it was going to be better for what I paid. Rooms were clean. 
