Days Inn Warrensburg
Rating: 1
Text: This place deserves ZERO stars! I have traveled around the world in construction for over 30 years and this is most likely the worst place I have ever stayed, for the cost. This is easily a $35-40 per night single, not $71! The smell of curry is overwhelming in the lobby. The room didn't smell bad, but one of the curtains was pulled away from the wall, a table that was leaning against the wall was missing a leg, the carpet and bed coverings were worn and dated. The shower head was literally at my chest height and the bathroom floor was disgustingly sticky. Both the internet and cable were out. The lady at front desk was very friendly, but her response to me when I asked her about the net and cable, was that it was Charter. I told her that I hadn't paid Charter for a room and it didn't matter to me who the provider was. She then said that it's been on and off all week, the owner is trying to get it fixed. They wouldn't offer any discounts and told me that being I had showered, they couldn't give me a refund. I cannot believe that Wyndham has such low standards to allow this to be under their name.
I'm so qurious as to how other people have rated this place saying they have nice rooms????
Rating: 3
Text: I personally don't like Days Inn hotels, but this one was even worse. This Days Inn in Warrensburg, MO, was extremely small (and not a cute type of small). The breakfast room only had about 4 tables (2 seater tables). The hallways were claustrophobicly small too. The entire place was pretty dingy too. Right at the entrance of the hotel there was about 2 or 3 dead plants and dirty looking walls. When we were trying to get checked in, there was no one at the desk. There was a sign that said to dial 0 for service at the front desk. We did that, and still we had to wait about 5 minutes for someone to come. The room was alright. It was pretty standard. The only issue was that when we came in, nothing was plugged in. The ac wasn't even plugged in, so it was hot.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome breakfast and they even have a waffle maker and fridges in ever room.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean and well stocked.
Room was everything that I expected.
Access was easy.
Check In was done quickly.
Overall my stay was GOOD.
Rating: 1
Text: Nasty! Air doesn't work. Room smells bad & entire place is scary. Supposedly owned by Wyndham we had a complimentary nights stay (if we receive our rebate). Big mistake.
