Days Inn St Joseph
Rating: 5
Text: The staff was very helpful. They were nice and caring and courteous. We plan on staying again because of them. The AC wasn't working in our room and they fixed it immediately. I was impressed.
Rating: 4
Text: I booked a room here out of sheer necessity because I wad coming in to town for the solar eclipse and really just needed a roof over my head. All things considered, I was pleasantly surprised by our room. This hotel was clearly built in the 1950s or so, so sure, the rooms are a little dated, but they were surprisingly clean and did not have that "icky old motel" smell. The beds were basic but reasonably comfortable. The pool was a pleasantly refreshing temperature and was pristinely clean. The complimentary breakfast was pretty decent.  It really looked as though the whole place had had a recent exterior face lift. Our room appeared to have recently had the carpet replaced. The staff was wonderful when I booked the room and was delightful at every interchange. I must say that I had low expectations going in but it definitely exceeded my expectations.
Rating: 3
Text: It wasn't as awful or as amazing as the other people are reviewing. Unless it varies greatly from room to room. 
The bed was pretty basic comfort for a cheap hotel. But it was clean. There were a few stains on the sheets. They should probably replace those. 
The shower worked really well. It didn't look great, it's a basic shower with old ugly green tile. But it was clean. 
I didn't interest with the staff, but my mother asked for her senior discount and the lady "forgot" and claimed she couldn't re-run the change. So that was really annoying. 
If you're just passing through it's not a bad hotel. I wouldn't wanna stay long term. 
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly staff. Hotel is in a great location, and very clean. Overall great value.
Rating: 1
Text: I would not stay here again. The hotel is in serious need of some updating, repairs, and a thorough cleaning! When I checked in they wanted my drivers license number for some "safety" reason that I didn't understand which I thought was weird. I checked in at 3 and was told it would be about 10 minutes for my room to be ready. So I went outside by the room and waited nearly half an hour. I realize it was a pretty busy day for them, but that wasn't fun. My room was kind of a "surface clean," but that's it. The way the rooms are set up, there's only one giant window at the front of the room which is facing the pool and the walkway for everyone to get to their rooms. So it's not like I want to sit or sleep in my room while on display to the whole world, so instead the curtains remained closed and there I was in my sad room in the dark. The breakfast was all carbs and not that great. I guess there was some kind of packaged cheese omlet thing that I steered clear of. The outdoor pool was nice only for the fact that it was outside.
