Days Inn Des Moines-West Clive
Rating: 1
Text: Upon arrival there is no clear indication as to where the front desk is. When finding the entrance and front desk we had to wait over 5 minutes for the worker to be done talking to whoever she was talking to behind the desk. Once done she just turned around and stared at me, and I told her we were checking in. She asked for my id and credit card and that was it, she didn’t tell me how much was being held, just handed me keys. We get to our room and when we walked in it smelled immediately of must and mold. Yeah room looked used and very unclean. We checked the bathroom and there was actual human poo in the toilet. Mold all over the walls. Paint everywhere. There was toothpaste in the sink. The floor was wet. It was just disgusting. I called front desk only to have her move us next door. I check the room and it was slightly better but still not clean. In the morning they offfer free continental breakfast.....there was nothing left when we got there at 6:45-7. They offer one hot item the rest is basically stale bread and bad fruit. I would never recommend this hotel if you could call it that. I’m going to be calling the health department and BBB. This was horrible.
Rating: 1
Text: Front desk lady was rude. While taking care of our payment she spoke to my girlfriends mother on the phone and said she was "unpleasant". Our room hasn't been vacuumed behind the furniture for what appears to be months. Within minutes of arriving I looked at the pool and saw a guy smoking pot. The shower drain was clogged so after a 2 minute shower I was standing in a puddle of water. After getting out of the shower I grabbed a towel and dried off, only to notice a brown stain on it that appeared to be feces. I'm checking out a night early and going home. This place is disgusting and I've taken pictures of everything.
Rating: 1
Text: Heat was on full blast upon getting into our room, disgustingly hot, bathroom stunk of urine, shelving inside the fridge was rusty and the paint was chipping off. Opened the window to try and get fresh air and our 3rd floor room window opened all the way and it didn't even have a screen. Fairly certain I will get bed bugs at this hotel. Just gross. Also, all 6 pillows in our room were so old, they were literally folded in half and so uncomfortably lumpy. They were broken down to half the size of a normal pillow. 

UPDATE: 
After coming back from dinner at 9p, the air had turned off and the room was still horribly hot. I couldn't get the ac to turn back on, the unit was ancient. I called the front desk for help and he ended up sending a maintinece guy up to help. He was very helpful (more than the guy who answered the phone) and explained to me that the unit was on a timer. And he was able to get the machine back running again and asked if there was any other concerns, but I wasn't about to dump to the maintinece guy how disgusting this place was. Their maids should be fired.
Rating: 2
Text: When we first got there, we had a problem with paying. They said the card was declined so we decided to do half in cash and half on the card. Turns out it went through on the card the first time so we made them give us our half in cash back. Then we got to our room and the key wouldn't work. The first time was because the women at the desk programmed it to the wrong room. The second time was because the door itself needed reprogrammed. We finally got in our room, and the bathtub was full of dirt. Completely black. So we switched rooms and while the second room was better...The lamp on the nightstand flickered when the drawer opened or closed or if it got bumped into. So all in all--would not stay here again. 
Rating: 4
Text: Needed a room on a busy weekend in a pinch. Decent price. I ended up moving my bed to be closer to the outlet as my phone charger is short, found a donut and a Taco Bell sauce packet. Cleaning is obviously not a priority, but sheets did seem clean. Breakfast was empty by the time we got down at 9am. I guess that's partly our fault, but hoped they'd be able to restock. 6.5/10 in my book.
