Days Inn - Columbus IN
Rating: 2
Text: Horrible smoke smell when you walk in!  Really odd because there's a sign posted that it's a NON-SMOKING facility.  Staff was nice. Room was nice. Just couldn't get past the odor. Giving it 2 stars because the Price was great.  Should have paid more & went to a different place.
Rating: 3
Text: Minimum basics were covered and I slept fine. Shower and sink worked very well. Room locked securely from what I could tell, both window and door. A/C worked fine or at least well enough I think. All but two lights worked normally, coffee machine was stocked, Bible provided, alarm clock provided, TV provided, hangers and hanger bar, luggage rack, hair dryer that worked, ice bucket and cups, desk, fridge, desk chair, other chair, coffee table, dresser and night stands, the usual. No laundry machines in hotel, blamed on past misconduct of customers. Some halls smelled funny. Room smelled like incense but nothing else. Not a bother to me personally but seemed atypical. Curtains too long for the window, excess was partially piled on top of a/c unit. One outlet not fixed to wall (could be pulled out, not screwed in place). Light at entrance didn't work. No shampoo provided but they did provide two new soap bars and a bottle of lotion. One old soap bar left on a soap tray in shower. Both soap trays and wall had soap residue you could feel. No switch for heat lamp in ceiling so it remained off. Hair dryer had lint or whatever else somewhat built up in back inlet. Mostly worked fine. Bathroom light switch only outside bathroom and on a time limit, but not too short (more than enough time for me to shower or go number 2). Alarm clock indicator that the alarm was on was flickery, so I used my phone alarm. Top blanket had a couple holes. Breakfast had enough to eat but had minimal variety. Still good enough for the morning and still free. All of these are fairly minor issues on their own but seem like they should have been taken care of. I was reluctant to ask for correction of these issues. The staff was otherwise helpful and nice. They even had a dumpster out back for large throw away items (I had to replace my suitcase for a separate reason). I am moderately reluctant to come here again if I am given another choice.
Rating: 3
Text: Location is good. Cost is excellent if you're on a budget. The presentation of the hotel is great if you have low expectations. The building is old and upkeep isn't the top priority. My room had a king bed, sink, fridge and microwave. The AC worked well and keeps you cool while it's running. When the AC turns off you almost immediately start to feel hot because the isulation in the building is terrible. Amenities include a pool and Continental breakfast. The pool doesn't look like it's been filled in years. The breakfast is cold cereal, yogurt, orange juice, toast and coffee.
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel is close to needing to be shut down. We booked it for 5 nights because my husband was on a business trip in Columbus, we didn't want to spend a lot of money on a hotel so we picked a cheaper one. We did not expect fancy by any means. But we did expect cleanliness! It smelt horrible like smoke and mold! I stayed there two nights with me my husband and our three month old son. 1st morning we woke up I had a sore throat and my sons chest was rattling while staying in our NON smoking room that reeked of smoke. The 2nd morning I went to shower and found a living bug in my clean towel that the housekeeping just brought!!! I freaked out packed my stuff and left! It was just awful. Not very safe as far as cleanliness.
Rating: 1
Text: The people who worked here were extremely nice but the property is rough. Mold, funky smell, questionable electrical outlets without attached covers, dirty floor, and a tv that kinda worked for $122/night. Free breakfast was dry cereal, bread/bagel, mini muffin, and coffee. If you can drive on, I would.
