Days Inn West Des Moines
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent breakfast. Staff is awesome, room is newlywed fresh. I give housekeeping tips. Pool is big and nice clean.  Breakfast has lots of choice.  Recommended for family and business peoples. Stay gain anytime.
Rating: 1
Text: I would rather stay in a Porta potty in mid July in Texas. This place is terrible. The price might look good but KEEP DRIVING. Do not stop!! 

I was ready to go sleep after a long drive. And when I decided to get in the bed, that was the moment, I saw a bug look me right in my face and say “what are you doing in my room, and in my bed?”
Exaggerated? yes; but I felt like I was in his room so I found humor in it, instead of taking my anger out on the manager. I also found animal hair but instead of investigating I decided to get out, before bug#1 room mates woke up to. 

Front desk was helpful, but trying play detective a little too much for me. I told him it was a bed bug, and he asked if I was sure, and I said
”I’m not 100%sure! But it is a Bug....IN THE BED! 
So you tell me”. 

If it wasn’t for Expedia this situation would have ended a lot worst, they took care of the whole situation by refunding me, and finding me a better room, and delivering excellent customer service. 
Please excuse the grammar and errors I wrote this after a 13 hour drive with 8 more to go In The am.
Rating: 4
Text: It's an older hotel but appears to be clean and kept up. The complimentary breakfast included cold and hot items. There's an indoor pool area that could host a large group. The room was medium-sized and the beds were comfortable.
Rating: 3
Text: Lobby is nice, staff was friendly, pool was clean with fresh towels and open til 10pm. Room is nice, shower is great, but housekeeping gets  a D-. There was a water bottle spout on the floor, and a lone vitamin E pill (I hope that's all it was) on the floor.  The corner of the fridge is propped up with a flattened wine cooler box. My wife informed me later that there was a used bar of soap in the tub - ew!
Rating: 3
Text: Simple and easy.  Very nice staff.  Nothing fancy but clean and efficient.
