Days Inn Walcott Davenport
Rating: 1
Text: Not worth the price. The pet friendly policy is only for certain rooms (which I understand) but our room was worn out. Yellow paint from the walls all over the bathroom and toilet. Bathroom not cleaned well from previous occupancy (hair, dirt, and some red substance on the floor). Furniture beaten up. Carpet shabby. Our second night here black beetles and ants showed up all over the room. A/c blows cold, beds are decent. TV channels are decent. About the only restaurants around is the McDonald's next door and the Checkered flag/TA across the interstate. No deliver nearby. If your in a semi, it could be a problem. Online pool pictures are deceptive. Breakfast is waffles, muffins, or cereal.
Rating: 4
Text: This place is always clean and friendly. Great rooms. Pool was closed and looked like it needed drained and cleaned.
Rating: 1
Text: The place looks nice enough but the clerk just charged my card for $163 without telling me the price first. Ridiculous! I can't believe I have to stay here no. Stupid clerk, very rude.
Rating: 1
Text: First off, you type in this place on google and it comes up "Straightforward hotel with an indoor pool & hot tub offering free continental breakfast & WiFi". Umm, that is misleading! The alleged hot tub is in a private room. There is only a small pool. 
I booked this motel as it is near the "World's Largest Truck Stop". I took my husband there for his birthday as a surprise. I booked the room with the hot tub as a treat for him! We filled the tub up and started the jets. Water sprayed everywhere! I tried turning down what up I assume was the jet control speed.  The knob would  not turn at all. We pressed the button to turn it off and went to the front desk. She simply said, "Oh, I'll let my boss know." We went out to eat and came back. I asked at the front desk of she had spoken to her manager. Her response as "Oh yeah, she told me to write it in the maintainace log." No apologies to us, no attempt to make it right in any way!
Later that evening I went out for some fresh air and to try to capture the sunset. As I was coming back in, there was what I assume was a homeless man standing near the door with his bicycle. He starts talking to me and just rambling, I started to walk inside to get away from him but he nearly followed me in. The front desk was a bit busy, but there were 2 gals there. I briefly mentioned something about the man out front and they said "Yeah, we know."
The next morning as I was checking out. I let the gal know I wasn't happy about the hot tub and in response all I got was, "I don't know anything about that". No offer to comp me anything or offer any apologies. 
I WILL NOT STAY HERE AGAIN & WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS TO MY ENEMY!
Rating: 2
Text: The service was good room was clean. The bed was a little out dated, tv channels could of been better and the breakfast could of been better. Just for the price should of been better. I've stayed in better for less and the pool is closed.
