Days Inn Des Moines Johnston Area
Rating: 1
Text: This place is just awful. I rented a room for one week. One adult and one infant. Two days into the stay I have an infestation of ants so the night girl makes me pack up the baby, all of our stuff, and move it upstairs. The maintenance guy said he wasn't there and wasn't coming back but lied because he still had to bring the baby bed upstairs for me. So instead of bringing the bed up just get rid of the bugs.. The new room only had a shower so the next day I ask to be put back on the first floor and the lady says yes I can do that but the owner guy said no I wasn't moving rooms. I'm like so how do I bathe the baby in a shower? And I asked for certain amenities and that's what I paid for so that's what I want. So get rid of your bugs and put me back in my original room. He tells me if I don't like it I can get out of their hotel. Are you serious? Because you have bugs and don't know how to conduct business??? And you racially profiled me. I won't even go into that story. Their just bad people all around. I should tweet Trump...
Rating: 5
Text: Super friendly & helpful front desk. Fun bar/lounge to enjoy a cocktail after driving. Pet friendly and accepts cash. Clean room and comfortable bed. Near the interstate but still quiet.
Rating: 2
Text: You get what you pay for. Some staff was rude. Light was burned out in room. Night clerk did not know where any were. It never got replaced. Small bath towels. No trash can liners. Started pestering a half hour prior to checkout.
Rating: 5
Text: Incredibly comfortable and quiet rooms. The beds and pillows were amazing. It was the last night of a 12 day long road trip out west, and it was the best night's sleep any of us had. A welcome treat!
Rating: 1
Text: I would give LESS than 1 star if I could! I stay at a lot of hotels and this is the worst one I have ever stayed at. They charged my debit card an EXTRA $71.39 without permission and that is AFTER they already charged my card the $185 for my stay. The A/C didn't work, hair dryer didn't work, the bath tub was filthy and had hair all over it. There was NO hot water in the morning so I had to take a quick ice cold shower, which wasn't too bad since the A/C was broken. When I brought all this to the attention of the Front Desk Staff their only reply was "No money back". That is literally all they said. They said their night audit made a mistake and charged my card that $71.39 but it took them over a week to correct it. I filed a complaint with the BBB and the MANAGER said I was lying about everything and I was just trying to get my money back! I couldn't believe the Customer Service, or lack thereof. This place is DISGUSTING and they will NOT help or work with their customers. Avoid this joke of a hotel at all costs.
