Days Inn & Suites Davenport East
Rating: 1
Text: We had a horrible experience with Days Inn in Davenport, IA. I made the reservation by phone through my Farm Bureau (as we get a 10%) discount through the farm bureau a few weeks before our trip. All was fine, I got a confirmation number and a price for the room. When we went to check in on the day of our arrival, we walked up to the counter and said that we were there to check in. We were told “I am sorry but we are over-booked” and they only had a suite available for $45 more than the price I was told. Please note, that we were not even asked our name, or for our confirmation number. When I tried to give the desk clerk my contact information, she told me it did not matter, as all they had left was the suite.  She refused to give us the suite for the price that I was quoted, as she said her computer would not allow her to do so. She even mentioned that if the man standing behind me (whom we did not know) was here to check in, and we took the suite she would have to turn him away completely. Again, without my name, confirmation number, or any identifying information. When I asked to speak to a manager, I was told that no one was available until Monday morning (this was early Saturday evening). The desk clerk proceeds to tell me that it was a mistake that my farm bureau made (trying to blame the over-booking on them). I did contact my farm bureau who is checking into these false claims. Needless to say, we did not take the suite and left. When I did contact management on Monday, she told me she would check into it and get back to me. This did occur, she told me that all she could do was the next time we came to Davenport, IA (which I am unsure if that will happen) we could upgrade to a suite for a regular room price. How do I know that this will not happen again? When I go on vacation, my lodgings should be the least of my concerns, but unfortunately, with the Days Inn, this is not the case. We had to scramble for a place to stay at the last minute. It was horrible!! My suggestion, if you are booked to stay at the Days Inn in Davenport, IA you may want to think again, as they probably will try to upcharge you or not have your room available.
Rating: 4
Text: The beds were super comfortable the rooms came with a microwave and a small fridge. However the breakfast wasn't as good as some other hotels. Overall the staff was super friendly and I'd definitely stay there again!
Rating: 3
Text: Our room was clean and updated, but the hotels idea of breakfast is an absolute joke. If you stay here, plan on going to the nearest gas station for breakfast because anything they offer would be far superior.
Rating: 4
Text: All rooms have been remodeled very nicely. Manager was very helpful and willing to show us several rooms and willing to open the continental breakfast up early for my team that was staying there. Would definitely recommend people stay here.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice place. Room very modern and clean. Decent pool and hot tub. Great service. Would stay here again.
