Days Inn & Suites Cincinnati
Rating: 2
Text: They're overpriced and their customer service isn't to great.. I had called & asked about pricing because i was paying cash, and the lady that i had spoke too told me that it would be $79, plus tax. So i asked if there was a deposit and she informed me that there wasn't one.. So i went ahead and drove there with the intent of paying the $79 plus tax, which should've been around $85, which i was willing to pay.. But when i got there she changed it up and said that it was going to be almost $130!! She said that was the taxes included... I'm not sure where she thought she was, tax wise, but i know how much it was suppose to be! So therefore, we went ahead and went somewhere else that didn't jerk us around and had a generous amount of respect for me and my fiance.. I wouldn't recommend this hotel honestly.
Rating: 4
Text: Size of the room was very comfortable. The bathroom had a secondary heating light. That made it very nice in the cold night. There hallway to the rooms has a small set of steps with no handicap ramp. Which means if you have a wheelchair, you need to go all the way around to the other end of the building from outside to get to your room.
Rating: 1
Text: The hallway to the room smelled Horribly of stale cigarette smoke! The room Needed a Definite update! It could use fresh paint, but not from whomever painted it the last time as they got paint everywhere. The bathroom tub/shower needs to be replaced! Pretty sure there was black mold. Everything just Looked sloppy. All the lampshades need to replaced. They were all broken & cracked.  Even the switch plates for the light switches & plugs were broken & cracked!
Rating: 1
Text: Very musty and had a strong moldy smell. Sheets had hair and stains on them like they had not been changed when we asked for a new set they had blood stains on them. We again asked for new sheets and the lady at the counter refused stated we need to leave since we were making too many requests. I'm sorry I didn't pay over $120 for 1 night to sleep on dirty sheets. She then refused to refund my money, until after I called my Credit card company. After refunded she then charged my card 2 addional times about an hour later after we left. Needless to say I canceled the card and when I called the hotel the denied the whole thing or us even having a reservation. Thankfully I got my money back through my card company.
Rating: 1
Text: This place could be more useful as a parking lot! They have smoking and non smoking rooms and I can not distinguish the difference between them! Although the pictures show lovely rooms with box TVs on them (some have flat screen)...the odor is to die for! Mold, mildew, holes in walls, and poor patch work in the room will not allow you to truly have a nice experience! Come here at your own risk!

