Days Inn - near Kansas Speedway
Rating: 1
Text: Top 10 in my list of Worst Nights Ever. First, getting in the door to our room was a challenge. It was slightly off at the top making it stick. When we finally managed to open the door with brute force, it made such a noise, I was afraid someone would mistake it for a gunshot and call the police. Looking around a bit, we discovered the closet door was missing some hardware, and so hung cockeyed. It had to be lifted up to be opened. Also, someone had left a personal item in one of the drawers. Housekeeping?? We thought if those were the worst things, then our stay would be fine. We turned on the TV as it was still fairly early. All the free HBO channels they proudly advertise? "Weak signal" on every single one. I decide to read my book, then, while hubby channel surfed. This is when I noticed the big issue. The beds are so soft (like marshmallows!) and the pillows as well (like clouds!) that the bed developed a rut down the center that I rolled into and struggled to get out of. I then tried to position myself in the edge of the bed but every time I turned over, I fell back into the chasm. Also, the cloud-like pillows offered no support so I might as well not have had any. I got maybe 2 hours of sleep. Don't speak to me if you see me today. I'm cranky. 

Other issues: 
1) There are no liners in any of the trash cans. Gross.
2) The toilet paper is located a good 3+ feet from the toilet. For a short person, this is most inconvenient. 
3) The only chair's upholstery is ripped and coming off.
4) Bathroom door lock doesn't work. 
5) Toilet only flushed when the handle was held down for the entire process. 
6) You can hear every footstep of every person above or in the hall. 

We stayed here because our AC at home went out on the hottest day of the year and this was the closest place with availability. I wish I would have stayed in my 100° house.
Rating: 3
Text: Acceptable, not great. Super affordable giant room. Clean enough. Comfortable bed. I guess technically they qualified for "hot breakfast" but only if you set the bar really really low. Apathetic staff.
Rating: 1
Text: My husband and I with our two toddlers needed somewhere to stay because we were doing some shopping for us and our new baby on the way, I am 35 weeks pregnant. When we got here all seemed good, at least the pool worked so that was cool with us. When we get to the third floor where we were staying, we got out of the elevator and the whole floor smelt like Marijuana and cigarettes possibly? You could see the smoke and it's supposedly 100% smoke free hotel. So we got our stuff in the room and I call the lady at the desk and she said she would check it out. Well, it's the next morning and the hall still smells like smoke. 

We also went swimming last night and the pool was not heated... it was freezing! My husband wouldn't even swim. And my little kiddos weren't enjoying it either. We just had the breakfast and there was like nothing! Just biscuits and break, with some fruit, but everything was picked through. I asked the guy working if they had waffles and he said waffles would be served tomorrow. Like why tomorrow!? 

And the rooms were nappy, ours had spider webs in the corner and they give you barely any shampoo, so if you wanted to enjoy your hotel shower with the fancy soaps they give... good luck! Waste of money.
Rating: 4
Text: Recently stayed here and it's in the perfect location.  The room was very clean and comfortable.  Loved the fact that once we arrived we didn't have to drive anywhere, restaurants and shopping were in walking distance.  The hotel restaurant was pretty good also.
Rating: 2
Text: The front desk clerk, Keisha, was unfriendly, rude, never smiled and had no customer service skills or hotel hospitality skills whatsoever.  If it wasn't for her I would give 5 stars.  The room was clean and had no bugs.  However, the shower had no water pressure.  Great location though.
