Days Inn & Suites Arlington Heights
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this place a zero I would. I checked in on Friday and before I even checked in, Marissa at the desk was completely rude to me. When I got there, the room had a huge bug in it. I called the front desk to let her know and she replied with "Well if you want a new room, I can give you a key I guess." When I got down there, she did not apologize or do anything about it. I called to talk to the Manager Rick about it today, and he would not do anything about it either. Then he told me I should have just checked out and went somewhere else. I was not able to get a refund because I used Expedia. No one was helpful or respectful as well.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, quiet place.  Friendly and helpful staff responds to all requests immediately.  Cleaning crew does a great job.   Decent free breakfast but could use a protein to make it better.  Overall much nicer place than nearby discount hotels.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean & smelled like it was just cleaned. King size bed was comfy, large enough for 2 adults & a toddler to sleep comfortably. Room has a mini fridge & microwave. Tv was not centered with the TV. Hotel was close to local restaurants.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location, right off the highway but nice and quiet inside. Clean hallways and room, mattress not super great. The #1 thing that attracted me to this hotel was, you can't beat the price. Keeping it under $100 a night for a decent hotel is not common in the Chicago area. That being said, in some ways, you get what you pay for. It is a 45-minute drive into the city and 2 hours by Metra so plan ahead.
Rating: 1
Text: Arriving at the hotel I asked to use the public restroom before checking in, I was denied! I examined that I'm handicapped and needed to use the restroom before checking in I was again denied and told to go to a gas station then come back totally rude! I called the gm the next day he was just as rude! I called the village of Arlington Heights and explained how I was denied! They  told me that the hotel has violated the village ordinance and will be sited! I called corporate and they explained how they would take care of this matter! I will be contacting consumers affairs. Rude people!
