Days Inn Dayton - Huber Heights - Northeast
Rating: 3
Text: Didn't start out very well...The non smoking room we got smelled smoky and musty, the Jacuzzi in the room didn't work, the phone was broken when I called the front desk and the hairdryer was busted...once I did reach the front desk they fixed the Jacuzzi and explained they shut the power breaker off when those rooms aren't in use. Once fixed the Jacuzzi worked great and saved the day. :) The front desk staff was very nice overall. The free breakfast leaves a little to be desired but was good enough. Really small seating area though so I could see it being a pain if 10-15 people all showed up at once. The bed was comfortable enough, fairly firm with a pillow top. Only got this room for the Jacuzzi so was satisfied once it got working. Probably plenty of better options in the area if you are looking for a standard room.
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointed. Booked king smoking with jacuzzi and when I got there I got a king smoking no jacuzzi and made it sound like I got a fantastic deal and charged me 47.00. Room smelled really bad. Did not look like it had been cleaned from smoke forever. Hairdryer cord brownish yellow and you can see dirt laying in the plugs and switches. Breakfast was supposed to be so good.  Stale hard biscuits microwaved egg flats. No breakfast meat. Oatmeal was thick. Will never stay at another days inn again anywhere. This was room 102 on the expressway side and that was all we heard all night long. This place was horrible. Night staff lady was very helpful and friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: Room was updated and perfect for the price. Bed was super comfy. Didn’t expect a fridge or microwave, so that was s pleasant surprise. It was a little noisy if you have a room on side facing the highway, but it wasn’t a deal breaker. Free breakfast bar was nice.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean and fairly updated. The staff was friendly. No one came to the desk when I tried to check out but that may be because I leave at 5am. Overall it was a nice place for the low price.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms are ok at best. Beds are ok. Not the cleanest place. Lamp shades and radiators are unacceptably dirty. There was always flies in the room. Our room did have a microwave and small frig (That we had to defrost ourself). Good water pressure but it is 'hard water' staff friendly. Our room was in rear and the traffic from I-70 was a bit loud.  If they'd invest some $$ & hired better employees who took pride in their work it wouldn't be too bad.  There are laundry machines on site. The free breakfast is NOT good. Not sure I'd ever stay here again, maybe in any extreme pinch.
