Days Inn & Suites Dundee
Rating: 1
Text: I made my decision on the place with in 30 seconds on the phone with the desk lady. Was going to rent 3 rooms for 2 weeks for my crew... price advertised on here is 59$. She told me 65$ and no weekly discount. I told her what the Google maps said on pricing and she just made smart comments and treated me as if I was stupid. Will not do business with this place ever. Was willing to spend thousands up front for rooms and was treated like it didn't matter. Don't waste your time here.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is a little long in the tooth; it could use a remodel. The staff was very friendly and helpful, though, and the price was reasonable for the location. It was tricky to find when getting off the highway, so keep your eyes open and be prepared to backtrack if you miss the turn (which is easy to do).
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY STAYING HERE!
This place is an absolute joke. We had 4 people staying in a room for 3 nights & they gave us one of their SMALLEST rooms with 2 queen beds. We also only had 3 bath towels (we had 4 people so it made it impossible for everyone to take a shower with a clean towel) and when I went to the front desk to ask for another towel she replied with "We don't have any clean right now so I will call your room when we have some clean" which I was completely fine with, but she never called the room or gave us our towels. IT DOES NOT TAKE 3-4 hours to do some laundry for ONE towel. So I again went down to ask for towels and some guy (I'm guessing the manager?) handed me pool towels (which were about the size of a hand towel) and told me this is all they have clean. I'm sorry but your a hotel! You should have boat loads of towels clean for your guests! 
Also, my friend that was staying with us found multiple beetles & bug eggs on her. DISGUSTING! 
Not to mention that one of our lights we had on when we were relaxing at night flickered on and off for a good 20 minutes before it decided to completely turn off and refused to turn back on, so if we needed light we had to have the curtains open cause 1 tiny lamp in the corner to light an entire room isn't enough, but if you needed to see when it was night you had to use your flashlight on your phone. Ridiculous if you ask me.
Breakfast was also not great at all. Hope you guys like warm milk because they leave their milk on the counter because they don't have a big enough fridge for it to stay in. 
We would of loved to go to another hotel but we were about 3.5 hours from home & we were in town for a concert going on that weekend and all other hotels near there were booked solid (trust me we called around the first night we got there and no luck)
When we went to check out in the morning my boyfriend had let them know how terrible our stay was and the same guy (manager?) called my boyfriend an ass. NOT ACCEPTABLE.
Oh, the people that run this place don't even speak very clear English so customer service was terrible. 
So if your thinking about booking a stay here...THINK AGAIN! Worst hotel experience of my life. Wish I could give ZERO stars.
Rating: 2
Text: Tolerable for a quick overnight,  but large obvious stained sheets, a toilet that moved when you sat.. the entire toilet,  no elevator, and outdated.. more like a 50 dollar hotel but cost 90, plus the hidden safe charge for a dollar.
Rating: 2
Text: Dirty!! We showed up around 11 pm with our 5 kids. It's hard to accommodate a family of 7. They explained that the rooms were for two people each and they would charge for each individual person. We paid anyway. Both rooms had peeling wallpaper, black mold, and dust. The breakfast had hard boiled eggs that were yellow and hard. A great place for someone on a budget who doesn't care what they get.
