Days Inn Ann Arbor
Rating: 1
Text: I personally would not like to give it any stars. It is not keep up. Shower tile were falling off. Pool is shared between two hotels. Never enough towels in pool or in room. The mattress was still in original plastic with sheets over it. Do not recommend. Not worth spending money here for room.
Rating: 1
Text: I have left 6 messages for the general manager as well as emails. He has not returned one call. When I spoke to a desk agent a month ago he said that he never returns calls, boy was he right! As a former hospitality executive this is not acceptable.We booked a room for one of our employees for the summer, they increased the price after three months of staying and have charged for tax when he was there for almost 4 months. The previous general manager was awesome! We have had our employee stay here for years and have never had a problem. It is a shame that the new general manager does not possess hospitality skills especially when he is in the business. Extremely disappointed!!
Rating: 3
Text: It's clean and cheap, but the property itself is not overly well-maintained. They recently replaced the carpet and mattresses. The staff is friendly. The location is close to shopping and fast food. There is a pool shared with the Comfort Inn next door.
Rating: 4
Text: Desk attendant, didn't catch his name, helped us out a lot by holding our bags for us while we were at the UofM game. We took the train in and didn't have a place to keep them. Glad he was able to help. Rooms were sub part quality but to be expected for the price. I'd stay again, but probably wouldn't be my #1 pick
Rating: 1
Text: Where do I even begin? Save yourself the anxiety and do not go here. The room was filthy. There was dust and spiderwebs on every surface. Cracks in the walls. The switch plates were missing from the outlets. The beds were covered in plastic so they were noisy & uncomfortable. There were dark hairs in the sheets. I woke up with a bunch of itchy bug bites around both my ankles & up my calves. The shower was so dirty I wouldn't use it. I could tell it had not been wiped down, with soap scum and rust on the faucet & handle. The TV in my room didn't even work. The pool area, don't believe the photos. You have to disinfect and wipe chairs down before you can sit. I saw hairs that looked to be pubic on the poolside tables. There were not any towels, at all, in the pool area. I'm telling you, it's the kind of place you need to bring your own rubber gloves and Lysol, & clean as you go. I am not a germophobe. I am not OCD. But this place was awful. There was absolutely no way I was chancing my health with the continental breakfast either. I don't believe it is up to code, with the electrical as it is. I'm tempted to call the health department because of the bed bug bites all around my ankles. Just nasty. Please do not go here, specifically if you have children. It'll keep you up at night.
