Days Inn Plainfield
Rating: 2
Text: Rooms/bathrooms were just ok. You get what you pay for. I had issues with billing. Long story short, I had to contact their corporate office to get issue resolved. This Days Inn location needs customer service improvement.
Rating: 1
Text: Door wouldn't open correctly even when key worked. Outlets in wall were wore out nothing would stay plugged in. They had bed mattress shoved against lamp cord to keep it plugged in. Bathtub had cigarette burns on it even though it has been non smoking for twenty years. Shower water pressure bad. Everything old and not working well like the fridge. Bedding uncomfortable and pillows were tiny. There is more to mention but I'm not writing a novel. Bottom line place needs to be remodeled and brought up to date. Money best spent somewhere else.
Rating: 3
Text: We  stayed  3  nights  and  for  the  price  it  was  great . The  bed  was  king  size , room  and  shower  were  clean. There  is  a  fridge, coffee  maker  and  microwave . Location  is  easy  to  get  to  and  staff  are  friendly . The  area  has  many  major  chain  restaurants  and  shopping  centers.
Rating: 3
Text: 1st night checking in the older gray hair man was very rude and was irritated by having to check me in even though I did it online ahead. Very unfriendly! Staff was great the rest of the stay and I booked an extra night. The young man who helped me was the best! My only complaint is how bad the towels smell! I think they are washed in pure lye soap! They smell horrible! I know cheapest helps make $ but it's really bad! This is at all Days Inn! I stay to get my Wydyam points and it's descent,  but please use some good detergent, I about throw up! I have Multiple Slcorosis and it really does affect me! Thanks!
Rating: 3
Text: Place was decent and decently priced but most the staff was dry in there personalities or rudeish. Only real nice staff was the cleaning lady! But it was a good stay (3 night stay) with our two dogs.

I loved how close you are to food McD and steak and shake within walking distance for fast food also a variety of other restaurants near by also walking distance! Also a speedway gas station if the vending machines which were a bit lacking don't have what you desire.
