Days Inn - St. Louis/Westport MO
Rating: 4
Text: It was nice for the price, but I've been in a lot better. Outdated and not too stellar looking carpet in the biggest suite they have. Very spacious and air conditioning works. Not enough electrical outlets on the length of the walls by each table/desk. TV remote was horrible for the hi quality smart TV. They should have left the original remote. I'd stay again at the price, but not without bringing an electrical strip.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed in single King-sized bedroom, non-smoking for several days. Clean room, with decent internet connection and modern furnishings. Slight wear and tear on lamps and curtains.

Room was rather large for its size: definitely big enough for 3 people, or 4 with space at a premium.

Small refrigerator and microwaved were clean and functional.

Parking is free and ample. Low crime area, though I'd still recommend taking items in from the car/truck. Easy access to the freeway and gas station less than 1/6 mile away for fuel.

Would definitely consider for future visits.
Rating: 3
Text: The location near the city and shopping outlets nearby made it a very convenient area for my family to stay for vacation while visiting Minnesota. Directions to various sections of the hotel such as to the exercise room and to the dining area were clearly written. The rooms had a wide array of features such as a chair, desk, fridge and microwave, coffee maker, and shower. The two queen-sized beds were also very comfortable. However, a drawback was that there were not enough seats or chairs for our family to all sit simultaneously, as well as the exercise room simply only having several pieces of equipment. Overall, the stay overnight was relaxing and pleasant. Service was quick as well, for example when requesting for toilet paper, hotel staff was quick to send someone in less than 3 minutes to give a roll.
Rating: 5
Text: The room was nice and big. Liked the nested desk in room.  Nice roomy breakfast area overlooking garden. Not a big fan of single serve sign posted in breakfast area.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is awesome!! The inside of the building is clean and feels updated. The staff is nice and professional. The dining area is very nice and the options for breakfast are great. I had a King size room with smoking. The room didn't smell like smoke at all! The room was very clean, no bed bugs, no stains, plenty of channels, and we even had a balcony! The a/c unit worked fine and the shower just felt superb! This hotel was fully worth redeeming my 15,000 points for a free stay! I will stay here again! -Kareel
