Days Inn Wichita North
Rating: 1
Text: Absolutely terrible, as soon as I got here there was a dead roach in the restroom and a humongous blood stain in the bed. The next morning they did not even come to clean my room or to fix the bed and replenish the tiles.
The fitness center is terrible aswell,  none of the exercise equipment works. And the service here is terrible as well they are rude and inconsiderate. Pay the extra $20 and stay at the best Western next-door. A guy name Jay who works the front desk is one of the most useless people I have ever met in my life, Very rude aswell. They should fire him. The only good thing about this dump is a older white haired lady name  Claudia she's very sweet and was VERY helpful. She needs a raise because with her I was going to check out and ask for my money back.
Rating: 2
Text: So.. You get what you pay for. The front desk and main area is nice, and the lady at the front was helpful and nice as well. But the rooms..someone needs to help them. This is awful. Chairs broken, ceiling tiles coming down, open wiring in the bathroom with the lights and fan.. Like what in the world??
Rating: 4
Text: Location isn't the greatest but still nice enough that 2 women travelling together feel safe arriving late at night and leaving early in the morning. Rooms were clean and neat, decor was a bit dated but in good shape. Shower was nice and hot with good water pressure and the tub wasn't stained with water marks or rust. The free breakfast looked to be the standard cereal, pastries, or oatmeal options. We left before the breakfast serving time.
Rating: 3
Text: It appeared to be in a shady part of town, but I was alone in an unfamiliar place on a rainy night, so that may have effected it... appropriately priced and the staff was friendly enough. Room didn't get cold enough for my liking, and the hot-cold water faucets were reversed in the shower...
Rating: 3
Text: The blankets were visibly stained and there was trash in the room, but the front desk was really nice and helpful, and the room was cool and quiet!
