Days Inn Emporia
Rating: 4
Text: It was nicer than I expected, given the other reviews. For the price it's a 4; compared to other hotels it's a 3. The room was clean, sheets were clean. The room was small but the bed was comfortable. The fridge and AC worked. I didn't try the TV nor did I look at the pool. Water in the shower was immediately hot, no waiting. Breakfast was pretty meager, I passed on that. The manager seemed nice. This was a big improvement over other Days Inns I have stayed at. The only reason I stayed here rather than something down the street was that I had friends who had reservations here. I'd stay here again.
Edit: the wifi worked well, not the fastest but not bad.
Rating: 1
Text: I would only give a one because we paid the extra so we could have the suite with the hot tub. Hot tub was great but many things didn't work right. Could only get one channel on the TV; the remote for the TV didn't work; the toilet seat had been broke off the toilet; the knob for the bath tub/shower came off in my husband's hand. The following morning, the desk called when we were getting dressed, wanting to know if maintenance guy could come to take care of toilet seat. When he came in, he didn't have the toilet seat replacement. Said he would have to go buy one. When went down to check out, lady at the desk said maintenance guy from Roadway Inn was bringing a replacement for the toilet seat. I would NOT recommend this motel to no one nor would I stay there again!!
Rating: 4
Text: Quality experience, enjoyed staying there, only problem I had was with the beds, they only had one sheet on them, but there was a blanket in the closet
Rating: 4
Text: This Days Inn was easy to find. Very clean and decorated nicely------the owner/manager was quick to respond to needs with a smile and pleasant personality.  He always checked to make sure everything was ok. I would recommend a stay.
Rating: 5
Text: I came in about 1 am and was greeted with a smile. Had breakfast. Great prices! Thank you 
