Days Inn Louisville Airport Fair and Expo Center
Rating: 3
Text: Receptionist was very nice, but the facility needed to be updated and go through a deep clean. Bed,was comfortable but there were cigarette burns in the comforter. Price was cheaper than surrounding competition but still a little high for the facility in my opinion. Revamp the rooms and clean/replace anything dirty or damaged. Receptionist being extremely friendly was the reason I rated 3 stars and not 2.
Rating: 4
Text: Bed was comfortable,water was hot.  Seen no bed bugs and breakfast was good but no meat served at the free breakfast
Rating: 1
Text: Zero.  This place was by far the worst place I have ever stayed.  Started out ok.....room was not clean and really rough but beds looked ok.  Then I ventured into the bathroom.  It was disgusting.  Mold on the bottom of the tub and floor, hairs in the tub from the previous guests, dirty.  Really rough shape.  Then we left to go get supper.  Came back and the nightmare begins.  We had turned down the thermostat before we left;  it was warmer when we got back.  Went to take showers; not enough towels.  Asked at the desk for more, they only had three extras (2 of which were actually floor mats) so that was interesting and our extra key didn't work.  Had to reprogram the door to get new keys to work.  Was not confident at all.  Room kept getting hotter, staff was very polite and offered to switch rooms but temp had dropped 2 degrees so decided not to move at midnight.  Should have because by three  it was unbearable in the room and went to take a shower and that's when I met the rest of our hotel guests, bugs.   That was it....went down to complain because we were supposed to stay a second night....but nope.  Too bad.  No refunds, no room changes.  Just a "i'll tell housekeeping to do better"and no manager till 9.  Needless to say after 2 hours of horrible sleep, we will not stay there again tonight.  Don't stay here.  Spend the extra couple of dollars and stay elsewhere.
Rating: 5
Text: This are the best people they do anything to help out we have been staying here off and on since March 2017 and don't like to stay Any where else,and as long as I my mother is here in the hospital this is where we stay and will continue to stay !!! :) Very,Very, Happy with this hotel
Rating: 1
Text: Typically at a hotel, they swipe your card upon check-in and place a hold on your account for the total stay charges + some extra for potential incidentals.
Then at checkout the room is assessed for incidentals or damages then the card is officially charged for the stay & any incidentals. And then the pending charges fall off the card.

With this stay they pended my check in charges and those charges posted to my credit card. Then they repeated that at check out so now I've been had two transactions posted to my credit card. Causing my credit card to max out leaving me without any funds available for the rest of traveling. 

There was no manager on duty the entire stay nor on Monday morning for me to speak to have the charges reversed wth my credit card company. 

I STRONGLY ADVISE that anyone planning to stay at this hotel that you are aware that they will double charge your card for the stay and they do not warn you about that at check in. Then they make it difficult to get you duplicate charges reimbursed.

Also, we requested a non-smoking room and it was evident that the room has been smoked in before us. All my belongings now reek of smoking. 
The comforter had cigarette burns on it.
There were roaches in the room.
Black mold on the shower curtain.

Overall terrible stay and will never be returning.
