Days Inn Leamington
Rating: 5
Text: Great service. Friendly staff. Amazing breakfast selection. Much better than the usual continental breakfast. Very modern and clean rooms. Highly recommended.
Rating: 1
Text: Everything started fine. We thought the room was clean and there were plenty of cameras in the hotel. However, in the morning we found out that the staff had not changed the sheets before our arrival and simple made the bed with the old sheets. We found old blood (blood!) all over the sheets. We were horrified and immediately complained. When we communicated with the general manager, he came into the room, took a picture and took off without saying anything. At the check out, we asked the receptionist what has been decided on our case. She blamed us for the situation and said that it was all our fault and we made it up. She told us that we were supposed to check the sheets at night before going to bed, and then added that it impossible for this to happen (because apparently 5 people looked at them before us!) - which are two contradictory statements, if you think about it. I asked her "Why were we supposed to look at the sheets if we assumed that the room is clean?". She refused to send us to the general managed and told us that he is off for the day. As soon as we left, she called the manager... I cannot say for sure, but I would not be surprised if there was some kind of crime or sexual assault involved in that - why they had to cover it up so much and try to shut us up. They refused to listen to us and blamed us for the blood on the sheets. I do not recommend this place - a big disappointment in service and, more importantly, blaming us for someone's blood on the sheets!
Rating: 2
Text: Saggy mattresses. The room seemed decent though the bathroom sink drained poorly. The noise really came in from the hall but that seems typical for a cheaper hotel. Even at a cheap motel though, I have always had a decent mattress. This one was so old and saggy. My parents had another room at this hotel and agreed their mattress was very poor too.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean place and awesome breakfast.  Friendly staff.  We were late in arriving for breakfast and although the breakfast was finishing at 9am, the staff did not rush us out and let us enjoy our food at a leisurely pace.  It was so appreciated!  We'll be coming back here anytime we're in the region!
Rating: 4
Text: Visited Point Pelee National Park and decided to stay over at Leamington. We chose Days Inn at Leamington. We found the hotel to be decent for the price point and the staff were courteous and helpful. Breakfast is your nclided so that is a good perk. Location is great with a Timmy, gas station etc at walking distance. I would not hesitate to stay here again.
