Days Inn Maumee/Toledo
Rating: 1
Text: I just got out of a breakup and was in transition to get a new place and so I did an extended stay. I think if it was just a night things would have been different. However, my stay was not an enjoyable one. I had to fight and beg for towels. Room service did not come to my room. They tried to blame it on my dog, but my dog did not join me until the end of the 1st week I was there. I was told guests cannot spend the night, which is ridiculous. A friend visit me and when they were going to leave they saw that their car had been hit. Instead of trying to be concerned, one of the workers told my friend that he could not park in the parking lot! Where was he supposed to visit? We still have no idea who hit his car! On my end, my dog pooped on the carpet and I cleaned it up the best I could. I was not told that I would be charged for this or how much. No! They simply charged my card without any call or notification. It doesn't bother me that I was charged for it as that makes sense, but at least call me and explain why. Just to top it off, my card worked only part of the time so I kept having to go to the office and fix the key. It was really annoying! DO NOT GO HERE. I WILL NEVER EVER GO HERE AGAIN! THE PRICE IS NOT WORTH IT! YOU COULD STAY AT THE SUPER 8 AND SPEND AROUND THE SAME FOR BETTER QUALITY!
Rating: 1
Text: I used a coupon book at the tourist station when I crossed the Ohio line- to reserve the $49.99 room.  I've done this before, with no problems.  Except that here, it turned out they didn't honor the coupon when you show up.  A rather nasty fellow assured me that I had been told the rooms were double the advertised price- which was not true, I was not so advised, or I'd have called another place.  They had my credit card number, so I couldn't just leave ... so despite the prominently lit $49.99 sign on the motel, they charged me DOUBLE that.  The carpet in the room was actually worse than a $40/night hotel in the back roads ancient motel I stayed in 3 years ago, near Memphis.  The sheets and bedspread were, well, umm, well used, and not clean.  The toilet didn't work.  The bathroom door did close, fortunately, so we didn't have to smell the toilet much.  I could go on, but that sets the tone well.  I tried the Day's Inn because we had a great experience in one in Virginia- but given this experience, I think we're back to Red Roof Inn, Motel 6, and really any other motel, in our trips on the road.  Back road motels bought out by new owners from the subcontinent of India are run far better than this place, with far more polite staff.  For any Days Inn staff that might try to set this right- don't bother.  You can't fix it.  If you gave back the entire double charge, that wouldn't be enough to fix it.  We appreciate the warning to never stay in your motels ever again.  And rest assured that your $50 overcharge will buy you a lifetime of negative publicity, told as very amusing stories, to others.
Rating: 3
Text: 1 key card didn't work. 2 showers worth of towels with a Jacuzzi room for 2 people. 2 short unless you hang your towel to dry. Bed was pretty comfortable
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice. We have returned here annually. This was our fourth year and reception recognized us and knew the reason we were in town. The room service is excellent and the rooms are very clean and neat. The personal note to have a nice stay was very nice. 
Rating: 1
Text: , Very bad business!!!! I never stayed at this hotel, I made reservations with this hotel. I call back later and had some issues with an extra charge for a queen size bed. The  represent was very rude and not to mention he wanted to charge extra money, so I canceled my reservation and booked with another hotel. Only to find out later they never cancelled my reservation and charged $70 for not showing up.. I gave them one star, but they don't deserve that... ?
