Days Inn Jackson
Rating: 2
Text: Pool is off limits to any containers other than bottled water. If you carry in anything else you are charged 150$ for it being considered having a party. Not Joking. They make you sign a waver upon check in. Breakfast was good and rooms were clean. Not a terrible place for the location. Worked for the traveling team we were with. Would have been nice to know about the rules at the pool ahead of time... couldn't even enjoy a cup of coffee while the kids swam. :(
Rating: 5
Text: This place has always treated me good. My family uses it every time we visit. We will continue to use it too. Nice stay nice people nice place.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice rooms, close to shopping plazas and dining establishments. Indoor pool is great and cleaned regularly.
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed here over the weekend while passing through the area. I needed the Wifi for work and the entire weekend it would not work. The person at the front could care less and didnt much move to try and fix the connectivity issue. Will not be returning here any time soon. Next time Ill sleep in my car.
Rating: 1
Text: Seems as if Days Inn has changed ownership or something of the sort. My mother in law visits us and stays at Days Inn whenever she visits. For the last 3 years we have gone up to visit her and we always swim for a short time. Well this time is was a problem and the nasty guy at the front said that we had to pay $6 per person to swim. Keep in mind the pool was empty and not once before have they said we have to pay when the guest has already paid. On another note, Days Inn increased the room rate the night before their arrival! On the second day my 6 year old son went back with my mother in law and the same nasty man came out and said he had to pay another $6. Keep in mind he swam for 25 minutes and left. No wonder this hotel is only a 2 star! The management and staff are not friendly and their only concern is making money! Long story short my in laws will NOT be staying at Days Inn ever again. Their loss but thought I would let people know whats been going on here! They were also explained the drink policy and threatened in the process! Not a place to take a family!
