Days Inn Liberty/NE Kansas City
Rating: 5
Text: Have stayed here 6 or 7 times in the last year. Price has been very fair, beds sleep well, lots of pillows, cable TV with 100 ch., shower had good pressure, lots of hot water and parking places were wide for my dually pick up.
So if you want a $200 room go get it. 
If you desire a clean room with plenty of towels, hot water, tv that works and beds that sleep very well,  look no farther. We are going to be in K.C. in 2 weeks and are going to stay here
Rating: 3
Text: The motel looked like it had undergone some recent renovations and the paint and room decor looked pretty nice. However, our room door was extremely hard to open. Something seemed to be wrong with the latch. It almost felt like I was breaking the door just to get into or out of our room. Also, the toilet was securely fastened to the floor, and it rocked when used. The motel looked nice, but overall more than just a coat of paint is needed.
Rating: 1
Text: Not even worth 1 star.  The front desk customer service was horrible.  She asked for our bank password. I would not give it to her. We entered it room it smelled. The volume on tv did not work. Air conditioner smelled when running. Lamp did not have a on off switch. Had to unscrew the balbs or unplug. The bathroom door was hard to open and close. The was needed. Repair. The bathroom needed updating. And Kleenex box hanging off the wall. The curtains falling off the rod. It waxthe worst experience ever and I stay at a lot of hotels. WOULD NOT RECOMMEND to anyone. The breakfast looked ridiculous. We went somewhere else to eat.  Only 4 little chairs at the front desk to eat at in a little area you check in and out at!!!!! Not worth my $107. Maybe $40 but I feel gross here.
Rating: 1
Text: Decided to stay here because it was a last resort due to others being booked. I use to manage a hotel and let me tell you, this one needs HELP! The door barely opened to begin with. The room looks like it hasn't been probably deep cleaned in awhile! But the Worst part is the door that connect to the next room! It doesn't even have a damn proper lock or door knob!! It's literally falling off!! I did check for bed bugs and to my surprise didn't find any. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a safe and clean feeling room.
Rating: 3
Text: Not great, not bad either. If you are in town for work for a few days and just need a place to wash up and catch a few Z's for a few hours, then this is about as cheap as you'll get. Free WiFi, but that's about where the frill ride ends. You get what you pay for! Staff is courteous.
