Days Inn Great Bend
Rating: 1
Text: When making a reservation online that I made a couple of days prior when getting to the Days Hotel Great Bend, KS, I was met by rude front desk clerk, that did not care if I had a place to stay at all. When getting there is Front Desk Clerk said that I'd have to pay an early fee, which means paying an extra day, which I was not going to do. They all ready had my card information, and it stated online that if I did not check in that my card would be charged as I had been there anyway. Well after this outburst from this rude representatives, I called my bank and they declined any all attempts for these people to charge my account. Made no effort what so ever to help me out, just wanted extra money because I was there before there check out time. If you have a reservation, and you have a card on file for the reservation, who has heard of paying extra just because you are early. I had a funeral to go to, and I had driven from Iowa, to Great Bend, KS all night just to be able to go to the funeral. The last thing I wanted to do is argue with this ingrate, I ended up staying at another hotel; and paying a little more. But anyone making a reservation to stay in this place "Days Hotel" in Great Bend, KS I would think again, because they are very rude, and could careless about your well being, but making sure  they get that fee. Which I did not pay.
Rating: 1
Text: Always a glitch with the corporate payment my company uses. Hotel can't find it untill I call my dispatcher, and then it somehow miraculously appears. But this time they wanted my driver's license number. I said I don't give that out, and they didn't care if I go to a different hotel or not, in fact they said that. I'm pretty humble, but... I'm done.
Rating: 1
Text: The smell is horrible. Place is dirty would be a understatement. Place really shows its age. Key card stopped working everyday. Years of neglect. Trust me find another place. Price is super cheap but no bargain here. A real dump. A/C just didn't cool the room.
Rating: 3
Text: Fairly clean. Next to highway, so a bit noisy, but overall, this is exactly what you'd expect from a relatively small town Days Inn in central Kansas.
Rating: 5
Text: Best truck parking. Best waffles I have ever had. Very very nice people.

