Days Inn Muncie -Ball State University
Rating: 3
Text: Some good and some bad things about staying here.  I stayed here with my wife on the night of October 25th.  The young man at the front desk was friendly and shared a little about his studies of criminal justice when I shared about finishing up graduate school.  The air felt a little stale, heavy, and humid in the room.  It might have benefited from a dehumidifier or keeping a fan on.  The toilet lid (Room 222 if you are staff and are interested) had significant scratches and peeling - this inexpensive problem was really the only glaring defect with the room.  The beds were neat and pretty comfortable.  The rates were reasonable.  The breakfast was a little basic and uninspired, but good enough.  The WiFi was a bit unreliable.  The biggest nuisance with the stay here was the young crowd across the hall that decided to rent a room to party in.  The door was opening and shutting almost constantly until 4AM.  There was occasional shouting and cursing.  It might not be a bad idea to have staff just do a walk-through each hour to see if there are issues in the hotel.  I might stay here again, but probably not before any really important events in case sleep is compromised.  As stated, there were good things about the stay here and some problems.  3/5
Rating: 5
Text: For the money, this hotel was great. Room was clean, towels clean, service friendly. It's true that you could find a nicer room in the area, though you'll likely spend 50% more to get a room this good. Perfect for basic needs on a budget. I'll be back again and again.
Rating: 2
Text: Sad. Just Sad. The water in the showerhead barely came out. The pillows were extremely lumpy and awful. The door had to be slammed in order to shut and lock properly. The "blanket" was thin and I felt like I should have been told to bring my own bedding. The room was clean and the bed itself was comfortable, but I will not be revisiting this hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: I would not even give this hotel one star but I had too, to write this post.This place was disgusting dirt piled on top of hair dryer from years of neglect. Dirt on the sheets. Dirt and hair on the toilet, sink and shower. Sitting water in the iron hanging on the wall that smelled of mold. Stuck food on the table. The place was so dusty and  cob webs were  in the corners of the room.  I checked out and left. God only knows that there were probably bed bugs as well.  I would of rather slept outside than in this place. Called the hotel three times to try to get ahold of the manager and his response was I looked at the room in the morning and it was not that bad I can give you a 20% discount. Not happy with that I went over him and went to corporate. Lets see what they will do I just want my money returned for a room I would not allow a rat to sleep in. Please do not stay here!
Rating: 1
Text: The room was not clean, the bath room had mold on the shower curtain and around the tub. The toilet was gross as well. The bed sheets had not been cleaned they had dog hair all over them. I do not recommend this hotel.
