Days Inn Cleveland Airport South
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel's location was fantastic if you need something close to the airport, and the staff was very cheerful and friendly. However, the room itself was subpar. It was spacious, and the bed was comfortable and clean. However the floor looked like it hasn't been vacuumed in a while (there were crumbs everywhere). There was hair in the shower, on the bathroom floor, and falling from the hair dryer. The continental breakfast was also poor. The waffle batter was too thin and the waffle iron too cold, creating waffles that were undercooked in the centre. Overall, great if you need a quick, cheap bed near the airport; just don't use their bathroom, go barefoot in the room, or expect much from the breakfast.
Rating: 3
Text: Just leaving. And I must say it was a pretty nice stay. I was reluctant because of some of the most recent reviews. And I always read reviews. I never go by ratings alone or even top name brands. I've stayed in some big name brand hotels and was very disappointed in customer service. Which I'm a big on. And not to mention to my surprise one had bed bugs!!!! So a cheap/ low cost hotel can easily out rank a so called top notch hotel out the box. And Days Inn can easily do that. The desk help especially Lonnie and the customer service was great!! From the breakfast service to the cleaning ladies! Everyone was polite and helpful. The breakfast had a nice selection. Waffles, toast, eggs, etc. Breakfast area was clean. Our room was dated. But clean. No evidence of bed bugs. I always look. Carpet and chair was dirty. Reason for minus stars. But Lonnie explained renovation are in the making. Side note. As a customer I can help. I have great idea's and solutions. Because when I stay at hotels, which is a lot. I take notes from the website, customer service, appearance and my whole experience. So if you like my input feel free to contact me. With your potential. The sky is the limit.
Rating: 5
Text: Always a pleasent stay. The rooms are very well kept and the staff is very friendly and helpful!! Would definitely recommend to friends and family!!
Rating: 1
Text: The pool was not open or working here are the end of July.   The shower curtain rod was partially off,  they had to come fix it twice before we could shower (2 days).  Run down.   They say they'll be getting an update soon,  they REALLY need it.   Felt like a poor side of town place.   Breakfast were pretty good. 
Rating: 1
Text: The room should not have been rented out stains on the wall...water stain by the bathtub where the plaster is bubbling and peeling....stains on the wall...cracks along the door jam by the lock...I was told they are going to be remodel next month but for $101 per night I feel once again it should be off the available list for customers... I know they have a report about room conditions from housekeeping cause I was a front desk cleck and night auditor for a 4star property.... No I did not reach out to the manager because I know or he should have known the condition of the room number 251 non smoking king room... The staff was very nice so no need to give them a earful they are doing good with what they have to work with...this was my first and last stay at a Days inn.... I have pictures that I'll send off to Wyndham Corp...
