Days Inn Elizabethtown
Rating: 3
Text: The room was clean, grounds were well kept and staff were super friendly.  The beds/pillows were amazing, the bathroom showed a little age but that's all. The morning breakfast was pretty good cheese omelettes, big blueberry muffins, cereal, toast and excellent Maxwell house coffee. 
Rating: 2
Text: Crazy evening at the Days Inn. Had to get a room on the quick due to changes in travel plans. Decent price compared to everything else in the area... And everything else was booked out solid.
1. AC in room didn't work properly... But didn't find that out until I had unloaded my whole family (2x 8 month old twins and wife)... And about a weeks worth of living equipment, to include playpen/baby jail.
Wife sweating, me sweating, kids fussy... Over 80 in the room. 
They changed our room... But it was on other side of hotel. Took me about 30 minutes to move all the stuff over.
There was a hooker that was walking up and down the sidewalks of the rooms... Propositioning the open door rooms.
On the other side, where I was moving us to... A dude was passed out drunk on the bottom sidewalk.
They seriously need some nighttime security on site.
Rating: 1
Text: Smallest motel room I've ever been in. Stopped here the night before the solar eclipse of 2017. It was hard to find anything available that was pet friendly even booking 2 months ahead. The room was a half mile away from the lobby and walking all that way for "breakfast" was a waste. This was the skimpiest motel breakfast ever! Plastic omelets that were already there the evening before and cold coffee. Look elsewhere.
Rating: 1
Text: Don't pay more than $39.99, but expect to room by some that don't respect others  (because of that price). Bathrooms and sinks could use a major upgrade. Beds are stiff. Room service makes beds and replenishes towels, but they don't clean.  Pool is decent.  Laundry is convenient. 
Rating: 4
Text: We needed a quick bed for the night on a road trip, nothing more, and they were fine. They cost a few dollars more than if we'd driven a bit further than we did, but they were clean and very friendly. The pool looked inviting, though we didn't try it; it opened at 9 am in mid-August. Checkout was 11 am. They had a little laundromat where the first floor ice machine was, $1.25/load to wash or dry (I think), in addition to the usual hotel-done laundry service. Clean, comfortable beds with good pillows, and no sign of any sort of bugs or other pests anywhere. A close inspection would reveal some chipped tile in the bathroom, etc, but overall it was just fine. We'd have preferred to have booked by phone or in person, since we basically drove till we needed to stop and then found a place, but the front desk couldn't price match the internet even though every site we checked had the exact same quoted price - and they didn't have a rest stop paper coupon. So, we booked online (via smartphone) after talking with them, and had no further inconvenience at all.
