Days Inn & Suites Elyria
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel is absolutely disgusting. Checked in gentleman at the front desk was very nice. 
As I parked and went to grab my stuff I noticed there were two or three people outside the main entrance to the part of the building I had to go in to get to my room all smoking cigarettes before I had a chance to get to the door they went inside and two more people came outside to smoke cigarettes. It’s not the way I want to enter a hotel. Cigarette smoke and smell got worse when you enter the building because the people were standing in front of the door.  There were cigarette butts everywhere inside the hotel in the elevator in the hallways that everything smelled of smoke my room is on the second floor which is supposedly a non-smoking floor. It reeks of smoke the phone with stained yellow from nicotine. It was absolutely disgusting there was smoke you can see in the hallways. 
If you care about your health, don’t stay in this hotel. The residual secondhand smoke nicotine in the air chemicals who knows what this hotel should be condemned.
The pictures on certain booking websites are false and miss leading.  They are stock photos and definitely NOT THIS HOTEL.
Rating: 1
Text: Since I HAVE to leave a star it's a 1 but in all reality it shouldn't even be an option for a star.. this place needs shut down.. there is no security... all the doors you can just walk right through..you do not feel safe at all.. saw a bunch of people with no keys just coming in for the pool... they don't go by the front desk... people everywhere!!! Well I mean drug addicts everywhere... rooms were nasty... dust on top of dust... burn holes all over the carpet and furniture... hallways dark and creepy..nothing works either.. this place honestly needs shut down.. it's being run down by drugs and prostitutes... I will never EVER step foot in that place again and if I were you I wouldn't unless you want some bug bites drugs and prostitutes...
Oh and they charged 130.00 for a room...WHAT!!!!!!!!! It's was suppose to be like 50.00......
Please do not book a night there..you will be disappointed like i was and creeped out...
NEVER AGAIN.. someone really needs to take action and shut it down...
Rating: 3
Text: Clean room, although the rooms could use updated and remodeled. I did find ciggarette ashes by the bed, even though it was supposed to be a non smoking room. And there were shade people hanging around. In the morning a couple of nice gentlemen had to politely escort a homeless man from the hallway where he had been sleeping.
Rating: 1
Text: WORSE PLACE EVER!!!!!!! Watched a drug deal go down right in parking lot middle of the day...the parking lot is not a safe area at all!!!!! entry doors to hotel DO NOT LOCK so anyone could just walk right in.. people knocking on doors in middle of the night asking u if "U good or do u need anything" meaning drugs.. smoking blunts in the hall ways.. smoking crack in bathrooms..prostitutes walking in and out.. junkies EVERYWHERE.. did I forget to mention BEDBUGS ....please just spend couple more bucks and stay somewhere else. Somewhere safe
Rating: 5
Text: I always stop in Elyria at the Days Inn when traveling through Cleveland.  It's cheap, - $54.95 for a single king bed.  While the maintenance is going on in the larger part of the building, and its obvious there is major maintenance, every room I've ever had was  clean, and comfortable.  All the amenities I need are there.  They even give hair conditioner, and I've noticed a lot of hotels don't even give that anymore.  The price of the room is more than reasonable.   The man at the front desk is efficient and helpful.  The breakfast is fine for getting on the road.  It's not the Waldorf, but they have a nice selection of breakfast foods.  Coffee is good. I have no complaints.  Air conditioner works great.  Employees are polite, respond immediately to any questions or needs.  I wasn't sure how to turn the air conditioning down.    I wouldn't be anywhere else.  There's also a gym and an indoor pool, as well as a video room.  Wifi is available.  I never use those things, because I've usually driven a long ways prior to getting there. They have plenty of availability.  The number is in my phone for every time I drive through Cleveland.  It's not far outside of Cleveland, easy access from the highway.  .
