Days Inn Pontoon Beach
Rating: 2
Text: Staff was nice, but that's about it. Drove past it the first night we came to stay, over half of the large road sign was out and the entrance light for the drive way was off/ burnt out.

Hotub was not working which was part of the reason we booked a room here, I get it though, things happen.

Place is very dated, we could here the people above us walking around until almost 230 in the morning.

Tried to turn the heat on and the smoke alarm went off about 10 min later. 

Would really like to write a positive review, but it seems like the management isn't really worried about keeping up the appearance.

We booked ahead online, which was unfortunate with the no cancellation policy.
Rating: 5
Text: We were here on a Monday night it was nice and quite. Beds were comfortable, wish I would have bought my own pillow though with my neck issue. Check in was great I had signed up online and in my email confirmation it  stated a smoking room. The front desk person swapped it to a nonsmoking room in a couple of key strokes without batting an eyelash.

Rating: 1
Text: Terrible stay. Owner very rude man. Yelled at me. Locked me out of room more than once. If it wasn't a company paid room we would have left after first day. What they call breakfast is toast, raisin bran or oatmeal and terrible coffee. Don't waste your money. There are too many other accommodations in this area.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place the to stay .  Fast easy check out . The owner's are clean and friendly.
Rating: 3
Text: The receptionist was pretty rude at check in, because I wasn't informed ahead of time that local residents needed to leave a $50 cash deposit. I had to go to an atm before she would let me check in. The shower head looked like it had mold on it. The hallways smelled like smoke, but the non-smoking room smelled fine once inside. There wasn't much noise surrounding the room, and no one bothered me. It could have been a little cleaner, but for a cheap price it was alright for a night.
