Days Inn Council Bluffs/9th Ave
Rating: 4
Text: We spent one night on our return trip home from a wedding. Very clean, recently updated decor pleasing atmosphere! Staff very friendly and helpful. Biscuit's and gravy for breakfast was delicious!  The only thing negative for me is I am only 5"1' and some of the heights like the bed and breakfast. Coffee counter were difficult heights. The extra tall mattress adds to the overall height of the bed. The high counter and tall coffee carafes are not a good combination for short arms. Otherwise a nice place to stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Twas just the best. I loved it, it was just so good. So much fun and so many rooms to choose from. Room service was beyond this world.
Rating: 4
Text: Location was great for a 10 minute walk back from Harris after seeing a performance since traffic was a mess. The rooms were very clean, updated with a modern look. Staff was very pleasent. The breakfast was enough for a bite while you go get breakfast from another location though, but that's not why I stayed.
Rating: 3
Text: Very out dated for the high prices room. Beds extremely hard.  Staff very nice and polite 
Rating: 1
Text: Possibly the worst hotel experience I've ever had. 

Front desk seemed incompetent, it took forever for them to figure out that we had booked three rooms, not two. 

Overwhelming stale cigarette smoke smell throughout the whole building, but especially in the rooms, which were supposed to be non-smoking. 

Each of our three rooms only had one washcloth. When we asked for more, they told us they were "all out," and that we could use hand towels instead. The one washcloth we had in our room was totally threadbare and had two dime-sized holes in it. 

We booked three rooms with two queen size beds, all three rooms had two full size beds.

The rooms didn't appear particularly clean, both the room phone and TV remote were really greasy, like someone had been using both of them while eating a ton of buttery popcorn.

It appears that the hotel is in the process of being updated, but for the condition of the rooms I would have expected to pay half of what we paid. 

Overall it was a terrible experience, and I would not recommend the hotel to anyone.
