Days Inn Elk Grove Village/Chicago/OHare Airport West
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed 2 nights, Tues and Wed nights.
Close to a lot of places to eat. Pet friendly, fairly quiet. The room we stayed in was across the way from a door that was slammed loudly quite a bit. May have been the door to the upstairs rooms. It upset my dog nearly every time. 

We got a smoking room and first impression smell was musty and and that of dirty elderly people. Bathroom was spacious but the door never latched right. No microwave in the room, you may have to ask for one upon making reservations. Room is lit entirely by lamps, I felt the need to use flashlights when I looked for something. Hard to find most light switches.

Nobody seems to pick up after their pets, so watch your step. The furniture in the room was pretty beat up. Very minimal plugs for phone or laptop chargers. 

Never had a chance to eat the free breakfast.
Rating: 1
Text: By far the worst and nastiest hotel I have ever stayed in. The beds smelled of piss and still had pee stains on them. Cockroaches everywhere. Took a shower and to my surprise cockroaches crawl out of the drain. Found pubic hairs on my pillow? People fist fighting outside my room? And the worst? The staff. The most rude and ignorant staff I have ever dealt with in my life, I don't even think 1 star is what they deserve. They need to have a health inspector come and check this place out.
Rating: 1
Text: The first thing I see when I entered the room was several LARGE cockroaches scatter around. I was hoping that would be it, because I just drive through states and was too tired to deal with searching for a new hotel but no.I removed the comforter to find what appeared to be none other than FRESH SEMEN in the bed and several small insects, presumable bed bugs. When I went to the front desk to try and get a different room, the older Indian lady was as rude as can be. She had the audacity to try and BLAME the SEMEN stain on me?? And then was clearly talking about me to the other staff in another language. Then told me the housekeeping wasn't there so all she could do was give me other sheets ( I can't possibly say clean sheets) for me to change MYSELF? I asked for a refund, and they said they couldn't give me a refund because I had already "USED" the room. I would recommend sleeping under a bridge before staying here.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give a negative 5 instead of 1 I would. biggest scam for a hotel. At check in the hotel employee took cash for the room and tried charging my credit card for full cost of room. I got a notification on my phone that the hotel tried charging my card and it declined. I asked the hotel employee why she tried charging my card even though I gave her cash and she told me it declined anyways and I should not worry about it. I also asked the employee why I'm getting charged an extra $5 and she told me its for the safe in room and I have to pay it since its in my room. Also was informed they have a no refund policy. The hotel condition is worst. The hall way leading to the room has a disgusting odor, and the room had an awful smell to it, the TV had pixels (like a broken screen,) the towels have not been washed in a while, the heat does not warm up room at all and gets cold at night, and bed and pillows are like sleeping on rocks. 

Do not stay at this hotel. Worst service and stay possible.
Rating: 3
Text: This is a low budget motel. A good place to stay for the money. They run shuttle to O'Hare every hour, which also takes you to the Blue line to Chicago. There is a Chance/Japanese buffet restaurant near by. Good place for dinner.
