Days Inn Calvert City
Rating: 4
Text: For a cheap hotel, it's decent. 

Breakfast was nice, had a great variety. 

The desk staff were pleasant at all times. 

I wish the website or person on the phone when we initially booked, was more clear about your PET POLICY. 
We are traveling across the country for our job and the front desk mentioned the weight limit at check in, but thankfully our dog was so close to the limit she let us stay anyway. 

The room was very neat. You could use a new middle blanket (the soft fuzzy one) it seemed a little over used. Other than that we were pretty happy with our stay.
Rating: 1
Text: Originally i had given them a great review, however, now i see i was charged an extra $165 for 1 night stay because they claim my dogs left a mess which i know for a fact they didnt because i took my dogs outside as well as kenneled them in my room. I feel i am unfairly charged a supposed cleaning fee.
Rating: 5
Text: We were just passing through and a nice young man named Landon checked us in. He was very professional and polite. The room was immaculately clean and we had zero issues whatsoever. People who are complaining about things such as the bathroom being dated should probably stay at a $200 per night hotel, as this was by far the most updated and clean budget hotel I have ever stayed in. Breakfast was a wide selection and Jenn even changed the channel to cartoons for my toddlers.  The staff was outstanding. If you're looking for a quiet, clean place to stay with friendly staff, this is your best bet. We will be back again.
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms were very well kept and clean. The front desk lady was super nice and the rate was way below what we expected to pay. I'm glad we stopped!
Rating: 1
Text: Roaches in room, a/c didn't work, had to change rooms, no management on duty to communicate - although staff that was there was helpful as they could be, pool water was not clear and full of algae. Very disappointed. We booked a room at this hotel because it was stated that we could obtain a special on a nearby attraction for staying at this particular hotel and when we arrived, the staff had no idea of the promotion. Again, the staff was very helpful in helping us try to figure out this problem, but we were still unable to get the promotion. The unavailability of lodging anywhere else nearby left us no option but to keep our reservation at this location. Very disappointed in the experience as we were hoping for a great little weekend get away with our children and had these unpleasant discrepancies. 
