Days Inn Butler
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed at the Days Inn for a week when my niece got married. The rooms were clean and beds very comfortable. 
The staff is very helpful and quickly supplied what we requested. Mr Patel was very helpful in getting reservations changed around to accommodate wedding guests last minute. I would definitely stay at this hotel when in Butler  again.
Rating: 1
Text: I wish I could give them a thumbs down, this franchise owner is clearly taking advantage of the hard working friends and families of this community.  It is a running joke in our family on what kind of mess we will see at the Days Inn.  I stayed here because my family in-law (longtime residents probably the founders of Butler) patriarch passed away and I wanted to sleep outside and take a bath outside with the waterhose.  The breakfast was sub standard, beds linens were filthy, bathtubs were stained, and the hallway carpet had a smell of rotten egg and curry.  Horrible, Horrible,........save yourself the trouble. I also think he owns the hotel across the street which is even worse.
Rating: 5
Text: "Five Stars" not because it's a Hilton, but because it's a "2 Star Hotel" (Google rating) that exceeded expectations. Would stay here again and recommend it. 
Room was clean, Wifi faster than most hotels (>100Mbps), room got as cold or hot as I wanted, bed was pretty comfortable, shower hot, small complimentary breakfast. Within walking distance is a gas station & Taco Bell, Walmart, and some fast food chains. 

I stayed at the Days Inn Butler, MO while doing some astronomy observing away from KC light pollution. The owner/operator was very nice and generous enough to allow me to check in a bit early, which translated to one night's stay when I planned on paying for two. Most other hotels would have required purchasing two nights or waiting a couple more hours until official check-in time.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff was really friendly and accommodating. I asked for several things and they were really nice about it. I felt that for the quality of the area & selection this hotel was nice for what I paid for it. It was clean, neat, nice clean sheets, bathroom was nice, air worked, tv worked etc. I would stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice rooms, fast internet. Big parking lot. Loby not really big.
