Days Inn Hillsdale
Rating: 4
Text: I arrived here on a whim on July 16, 2017. The young lady at the front desk, I believe her name was Leeanna, was sweet and pleasant from the start. She was very accommodating to myself and my children,she turned the Disney Channel on for them to listen to while I was checking in and offered them hot chocolate. She got me all the essentials I needed as I was not planning this stay I was lacking some of the necessities. The hotel itself was very clean and tidy and the breakfast was edible, which can be uncommon in a complimentary breakfast. Unfortunately the next morning was a different atmosphere for me as far as the staff goes. The gentleman at the front desk was not very pleasant and didn't greet myself or my children with a good morning or even a hello, nor did he give me a you're welcome,when I thanked him for getting the extra butter for my bagel. He seemed very short and edgy and just not very pleasant, I didn't feel very welcome there the next morning. Based on my experience with the young lady the night before in addition to the cleanliness of the hotel I would visit this location again.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed here when our girl graduated Hillsdale College in 2017. The rooms are clean, the staff responsive, the breakfast plentiful. I had injured myself while I was in town so I had pain medication to help me sleep, but my husband slept well. This is a basic, clean,  price friendly, place to stay. If you are looking for the Ritz you need to keep on looking. If you are coming to town for a Hillsdale graduation you need to book now another school has graduation at the same time.  Enjoy!
Rating: 5
Text: This is a diamond in a rough. Loved it. Clean and not a lot of guests. The pool was clean and really had no one else in there. You swim alone. The hot tub was fabulous.
Rating: 1
Text: Bed bugs in the room! I have to change a room at 2:30 am in the middle of night. When I talked to the assistant manager Will in the morning, he doesn't care about my feeling at all! He thinks one free night makes up everything and just wants me to shut up in the lobby, so the other 2 guests won't hear it. 

I told him that I worry about the infection in the office or my house. He says he warranties me it will not go back with me. Excuse me? How can he warranty that! Is he the leader of bed bugs? Very disappointing of the stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Went to swim in the pool. A lot of fun. Planning to go back again.
