Days Inn & Suites Kokomo
Rating: 3
Text: Room was clean and comfortable. The staff was very helpful and friendly. We had to call the office twice during our stay and both times our requests were almost immediately responded to. The cleaning staff were also very friendly and made sure to be of assistance if they thought we might need some help and did help with courtesy when needed. Two things stand out as negative and would have earned another rating star from me. The first was the two times we had to call the office, the staff member seemed bothered that we needed her to do anything. But, both times, things were quickly and politely done by other staff members. The second thing is the in room coffee is absolutely horrible. That is simply a poor corporate choice and nothing the staff can change. Overall, it was a fairly quiet, comfortable place to stay at a far more reasonable price than other places in the same area.
Rating: 5
Text: Made reservations online for 1 night through Wyndham Rewards so I was able to use my points I've earned to reduce the cost to $54.00 for 1 night once I got there it was around 4 a.m. the Lady at the front desk was very helpful although my reserved time for check-in was not until 2:00 p.m. she politely asked me if I could wait about 10 mins while she finished up a little paper work she was working on, of course I could.... So about 12 mins. Later I returned to the front desk and she was now working on getting me into a room although I chose a king size bed she told me "all we have for now are rooms with 2 double beds since it technically was not time for your check-in" I agreed and was fine with this. A cpl minutes later she proceeded to say "Today is your lucky day because you get 2 nights for the cost of 1" Well that's a fine how do you do wouldn't you say? Since I got to the Hotel at 4:00 a.m. which would still be there Saturday, but my Sunday morning. I should have technically had to be out by check-out at 11:00 a.m. this same day Sunday which would have only given me 7 hours which I would have been OK with, but thanks to the kind women at the front desk I did not have to check out until Monday morning. :) Thanks Days Inn!! The room was nice and the heat worked very well considering this was one of the first mornings it was very cold out. Enjoyed my stay!
Rating: 4
Text: We had to change room type when checking in to accomodate 2 grandchildren.  Vikki was extremely helpful with that.  The room was clean, the beds comfortable.  We didn't try the continental breakfast as we were pressed for time each morning.  Overall, it is a decent and affordable place to stay and would stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: Comfortable bed, clean room.  Towels could use some fabric softener, but good value for the price.  My son and I stayed here on a trip from Michigan to Tennessee.  Would stay again.  Breakfast is typical continental -bread, cereal, waffles, juice and coffee.  They could do more there.
Rating: 4
Text: Great Rooms, very clean and modern. 
Management and staff very friendly and helpful. Safe and quite area.
