Days Inn Ankeny - Des Moines
Rating: 5
Text: The customer service late nights is great. Stayed beginning of the week. Clean and tidy. Overall very satisfied for price I paid.
Rating: 1
Text: Beds were comfortable enough, just be sure to call the hotel directly when making reservations. If you call the 1-800# they are obviously unaware of the specifics at each individual hotel. I travelled a ten hour drive with twins who stretched the trip to 16+ and when I arrived at 1am there were no "cribs"/play-pens available as requested and discussed when we made reservations. I have stayed at many hotels in which they were available, it just would have been nice to know beforehand instead. Also, my husband wouldn't allow me to bathe the babies in the tub even after I scrubbed it myself because of the stains and dirt residue. I never expected a five star hotel,it was a cheap stop on our way home. Just wanted to share my honest opinion and experience. FYI the staff was nice and helpful as much as they could be. Just frustrating to arrive with expectations set upon making the reservation to have to scramble for a spot for babies to sleep! They do have free breakfast, nothing fancy but definitely nice when traveling with children.
Rating: 3
Text: Simple hotel. The bathrooms are extremely small. However the shower is great. When I first walked in to the building I was met with a musty smell. Then in the hall it was more of a cigarette smell. As an ex smoker I am very in tune to the smell. This was like it was baked into the walls. Was very putrid. However, I walked into my room and it was perfectly clean with no odors. Because of the price I can't complain much. The room was under$80 a night. The hotel right behind this one was more than double that a night.
Rating: 5
Text: I delivered Pizza Hut pizza to a guest at a room number (sometimes in the lobby) and it was easy to find my way. I also had friendly help available if needed. Good experience
Rating: 1
Text: Worst Days Inn I have ever stayed In. We had a pet from that smelled so bad I couldn't even sleep. I have never been in a room where my pet woukdnt even go into. They charged me 127.00 dollars!! Over priced and completely nasty. Would never stay there again.
