Days Inn Sidney
Rating: 5
Text: I work all across the nation on third shift. This place was great the rooms are very nice, and it is a beautiful building, best of all though they keep the coffee hot at night if you ask.  Staying here was a pleasure.
Rating: 1
Text: ZERO STARS-negative stars if I could. Dirty Dirty Dirty!! Horrible customer service, lady at the front desk was as nasty as the room. Even though there were not even five rooms filled that night, they still would not give me a discount. Our TV AND WIFI wouldn’t work and they didn’t care. Old Food, including a jar of mayo, sat in a box outside the side door, (our entrance), the whole time we were there. I watched 2 employees walk right by it and didn’t do a thing. If you read the owners comments he/she always blames the guest...NOT HOW YOU DO BUSINESS!! DO NOT STAY HERE!
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is rated a two star and the facility is much nicer than a Motel 6!  Cleaner and in better repair than the Motel 6 standards.   The staff, particularly Tina, was always around literally running to serve the guests.
Rating: 4
Text: Not bad...clean rooms...right near alot of shopping and restaurants..they have a pool too that was pretty nice
Rating: 1
Text: Stay as far away from this place as you can. I turned my air down to 60 degrees and it still didn't cool the room. No chair for the desk, no outlets on either side of the bed. Room stunk and was dirty. On top of that they played a little rate scam and charged me $89.00 for this dump. First of all I was told $69 with a $5 for AAA discount. Then I was told they would match the Motel 6 across the street and they were only $53.99. Then the girl told me she couldn't put in the discount and gave some wacko story about the computer and being after 11pm, and told me they would make the adjustment in the morning.  It was already 2:30 in the morning and I had drove all night and just wanted to get some sleep, so I said fine. The guy working in the morning was rude and said he would request a $5 discount for me.  That's not what I was told. Screw that....you're going to be refunding the entire amount. I should probably call the health department and have them take a look at this place. Then the BBB about their fraudulent practices with their rates.
