Days Inn Effingham
Rating: 5
Text: Staff was courteous and very helpful. The room was very sufficient for the price we paid. Bathroom could have been updated a bit, but i've seen far, far worse! All in all, a very restful and satisfying visit.
Rating: 2
Text: Wifi was awful. Fitness center was a no go. Rooms outdated. No maintenance crew on weekends. The air in the room did work well this time.  This was our second time staying there. We should not have given this place a second chance. The people were very plesant behind the desk that was about it.
Rating: 1
Text: My experience at this Days Inn was horrible! When I got there there were no employees around to check me in I had to wait 5 minutes before they came in from their smoke break in order to assist me. The first room was unusable because it did not lock at all! I requested a different room from the front desk and the front desk lady told me "oh. well we know that some of our rooms over there need new deadbolts but we're still checking people into them." I got a different room which was fine but the bathroom looks like it hadn't been cleaned completely and at least three stays there was no lock on the bathroom door and the light fixture above the vanity was cracked and missing a whole corner. When I checked out one employee who was actually assisting the customer is at the front desk was wearing drawstring basketball shorts, flip-flops, and a wife beater type tank top. The fact that I could see his chest hair and armpit hair and he was dressed and less clothing than I was is a huge problem for me! I requested a receipt and was told that since I made the reservation through an online company they would email me a receipt, two days later and I still don't have a receipt because the lady at the desk refused to provide one and the online booking company did not email one. Overall this was a terrible experience I'm not sure that I will ever stay at a days then again especially this location. I have contacted Days Inn corporate customer service and they told me that they will review it all try and get in touch with the location and call me back
Rating: 2
Text: Expensive for the 5 hrs I needed to be here.  Never received my 6am wake up call. Bathroom  small. Ceiling falling in  corner from something leaking up stairs.  Truly no value or comfort for the money spent. 
Rating: 3
Text: A fair room at a fair price given the eclipse event. Peeling wallpaper over the AC. Polite and helpful staff.
