Decatur Conference Center & Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: Very neat place. The room was very clean. There are 2 restaurants but we did not eat. Everything we saw looked good though. We visited the sports and it was nice and the waitress was very friendly. Prices seemed fairly standard. We would definitely stay here again
Rating: 5
Text: I recently had the opportunity to stay at the convention center... I can honestly say I absolutely loved it. From the greeting when we entered and our farewell, the staffing was amazing. Clean modern updated rooms and spacious. The pooling area was beautiful as well. The manager Donna is running a fine stay away from home. Anytime I travel to Decatur I WILL BE STAYING HERE...
Rating: 2
Text: Google had an advertised deal of $76/night, but when I showed up they would not honor the deal, nor would they explain why the deal was listed if they could not honor it. Not only that, but the front desk attendant, Mr. Christian seemed not at all interested in helping me out and when I asked why he told me "because we are the only hotel in town with rooms available. He wasn't rude or argumentative, he treated me as if I mattered not at all to him, not worth a his time to even consider being nice or consulting his supervisor, or attempting to resolve the issue with some other compensation. Tbh I understand why, after the service and disinterest of the staff I will never be coming back here again. The ONLY reason they received more than one star is because the room turned out to be of reasonable quality. I am glad they are not a chain because I will never again consider staying at Decatur Conference Center.
Rating: 2
Text: I Was told by staff that $119 was the cheapest room they had.. which after "tax" was $160.. Until my mom called me and said that she spoke with someone there who said they had basic "economy rooms" for $78. So i went back and asked the same staff member and he "forgot" that they had cheaper rooms. Getting my $160 refunded now. The rooms are fine , small TV, AC, clean shower. But I'd ask about the "economy" rooms.
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel looks very nice. It is perfect for weddings and reception and looks to have many. That being said if you are not part of those you will still hear them. The sound travels throughout the hotel. The rooms doesn't have a refrigerator.
