Deer Creek State Park Lodge and Conference Center
Rating: 5
Text: Great family getaway. Plenty of things to do for kids of all ages, although obviously not as much for younger kids. We were only disappointed by the fact we couldn't rent bikes because there were no kids seats or tow-behinds for our 2 year old. Great indoor and outdoor pool, the lodge was comfortable and had plenty of things to do for everyone including a playground. The lake was amazing and lots of unique things to rent and enjoy on the lake. Lodge also had beautiful views of the lake and nature. We loved how far back from the road or any civilization it was. Really made us feel like we were camping without actually camping. Overall great and relaxing vacation.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice cabins! Internet not as fast as advertised in the cabins, but it gets the job done. The cabins themselves are very nice... And look like the cabins from any other state park. But the place is really nice, apart from that it did get a little noisy from all the fishing boats in the lake; but if you like noise or like being the one making the noise, then this is a great place to visit.
Rating: 2
Text: Great place with one exception. We got this room, mostly, because of the balcony! We were so excited until we turned on the balcony light and saw 7 spiders and more bugs than we could count. It looked like it hasn't been cleaned in months. After noticing this, the cart we used to bring in our luggage had bugs all over it... it was disappointing to say the least! Hopefully they work harder to clean their facility because I won't come back to a spider infested hotel anytime soon...
Rating: 3
Text: The trails were not all included in the map and were not always well marked, so take caution when hiking! The weather was bad one of the days, and we felt a bit bored. It seems like a good place to go in the summer with kids, but it was a bit bored on a cold/wet fall weekend. Also, the rooms weren't anything amazing. Some of the amenities seemed a little broken or worn down. The restaurant food was hit or miss, as well.
Rating: 4
Text: There setting is beautiful. The restaurant looks over the lake. The choices were a little limited, but the food was great. Everyone was very accommodating.
