Deer Run RV Park & Campground
Rating: 1
Text: When they say you MUST have dogs on leash they mean it. They will shoot your dog. This is my dog THEY shot. I'm a neighbor and two years they never had a problem with my dog and one day they say he was aggressive??? I don't believe it what so ever, I have 3 children as you see he's a 4th. Sleeps with my kids every night. Never once has he thought about biting anyone or being aggressive. This is a dog that will run from puppies. Sadly to say my dog can't talk to give his side of what they put him through before they shot him. Or if he was aggressive with them, why? What did they do to him to make him be that way? I wouldn't ever believe it unless I saw it with my own eyes. After almost four years of having him Never has this dog ever been aggressive to humans or other animals. He's a big old baby. Even after shot the vet couldn't believe how friendly he was. Like I said sadly my dog can't tell his side, so I'm here to fight for him just like I would be for one of children because he is one of my children.
Rating: 1
Text: Worthless ppl..... Can't leave peoples animals alone!!!! They shot a dog in the face bc supposedly he was a mean dog!!! Well let me tell you this dog was harmless to anyone!!! And it wasnt just a dog it was a family dog of 3 little kids and because some people are ass holes and have nothing better to do than to shot a dog in the face, he's gonna loose his eye!!!!  WORTHLESS PLACE AND PLACE!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: We had a great camping experience at Deer Run. The park is well maintained with hot showers and clean restrooms.  It's a beautiful area with lots of tree's for shade, hiking trail, stocked pond. The owners are very friendly and happy to do anything they can to make your stay enjoyable. We loved the peaceful surroundings and the variety of birds we saw during our stay (Blue birds,Orioles, Woodpeckers, Humming birds,Nuthatches and Warblers,just to name a few)
Rating: 4
Text: The owners are working on updating on old campground.  It has full hookup for a few campers, some 50 amps. We was there on a rainy weekend the rain did go into the ground pretty fast but it could use more gravel.  They do have a club house although it does not have kitchen appliances, but remember this is a new campground and there is a lot of work for these owners to do and the owner still works full time.  The area is a wooded area and it had a pond that you can fish.  We had a great weekend!
Rating: 5
Text: So quite. The new management are doing a nice job of turning the park into a nice place to visit. Great outdoor cook shack with a variety of barbeques to choose from.
