Des Moines Marriott Downtown
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel! Staff were very friendly and eager to help with anything. Room accommodations were good, beds were comfortable. Pool and spa were a bit small. The breakfast bar was delicious. The hotel has skyway access which makes for easy travel downtown.
Rating: 4
Text: I was in town for a conference at the Iowa events center which is only about a half mile away. Even though the sky walks were under construction, the hotel had a shuttle that operated off of tips that you could use. The room was clean and fairly quiet except for slamming doors. Pool and fitness area also well maintained. I did not done at the restaurant.
Rating: 4
Text: Upon entering, I was greeted by a very cordial staff, whom directed me to the ceremony I was attending. The area I was in was set up very nicely. There was plenty of room to move between the tables and converse with other people. The sound system worked very well, which was important, as we were listening to speeches. The only downside to my visit, were the appetizers served. Very blah. Do not know if they were catered in or provided by the hotel. In all, I would highly recommend the Des Moines Downtown Marriott to others whom are looking for an upscale locale to host an event.
Rating: 1
Text: The staff was for the most part great and very helpful. I do have a few complaints though. Breakfast was horrible. The first FOUR pieces of bread I tried to grab to make some toast had MOLD all over them, the fruit was visibly rotten and everything tasted as if it was just warmed up and reused day after day. It was absolutely disgusting. My second complaint. We paid $24 for Valet parking only to have to wait almost 30 mins to get our car the following morning. Had we not needed to be somewhere by 10am it probably would not have been that big of an inconvenience. There was only one guy parking and bringing cars up from the garage so I felt bad for him as his supervisor should have scheduled more help so he would not have been alone! I personally would not recommend this hotel and would not stay there again.
Rating: 5
Text: Marriott Downtown is now one of my favorite places to stop.  I stopped by a couple of weeks ago and was greeted by an old connection of mine from Iowa State who was working at the Front Desk, his name is Jonathan, and was greeted cordially and professionally to my corner king room.  Everything was very proper and I enjoyed every minute of it with my wife.  I honestly recommend this place to anyone and this is definitely somewhere I look forward to returning to see the friendly faces and reconnect.
