Des Moines County Hilton
Rating: 5
Text: The first impression one gets from the Des Moines County Hilton is that the architecture is clearly inspired by industrial bauhaus: think post-modern minimalism meeting zombie apocalypse. One knows one is in a very secure place.

The architectural theme continues throughout. The reception main desk features striking stainless steel accents and windows with refractory cable mesh inlays. The employees are finely dressed in the latest haute fashions and are impeccably mannered - just as one might expect. In fact after the thorough booking in process I thought I was staying at le Chez Revaquois of Liege!

Once I arrived at my lodgings I have to admit I was simply shocked: while the furnishings were all that now too familiar burnished steel and the trimmings in poco verde green, the accommodations were completely open and exposed on one wall. In fact every room was exposed to the central atrium. I cannot say I expected that this would be a hotel focused on catering to prurient libertines, but when one is in Rome, one follows the lead of his or her fellow Romans. Or Greeks as the case me be - haw haw!

Dinner was served on melnac revival dinnerware and featured contemporary European faire. I chose a marvelous erdnussbutter und marmelade with a delicious juillet 2017 laite. Drowsiness swept over me like a tide in my satiated bliss.

Once the lights I knew I was in for a true hootenanny of debauchery as economics demanded I share my cuarto with an amorous adonis I shall just refer to as "L'roy J'enquins". While I won't delve into the scandalous and baudy details, I will just say that the experience was - ahem - fulfilling!

Morning brought a wakeful breakfast of céréale served at température ambiante. After such consumption I was refreshed and ready to start the next new adventure the dawn sun had in store.

I must say Michelin simply doesn't have enough stars to fully rate this sumptuous fortress de bunquer. All I can say is, "que magnifique!"
Rating: 5
Text: The Des Moines County Correctional Center is a great place with awesome employees. They are respectful and kind to all who enter their facility. It is the best "Hilton" around.
Rating: 5
Text: They do have friendly staff I know cause I was just in there. There food ain't the greatest but what do u expect steak and eggs they can't afford it
Rating: 2
Text: It sucks to live in or anything it's heard to find jobs
Rating: 1
Text: County jail where staff members violate the Iowa Smokefree Air Act by smoking on government property.
