Diamond Lake Resort entrance
Rating: 4
Text: Great family campground with fishing lakes, a pool, go carts, and paddle boats.  Mini golf is a sad course but offered. Reasonably priced general store and restaurant. Piza and ice cream parlor.   Pet friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: We always have a great time staying here. our kiddos love it more than we do. Lot's of shaded spots. Love that we can bring our own UTV.
Rating: 4
Text: The internet, as others have stated, works great-if you can connect and can stay connected to it; good luck. Office staff is friendly enough. Prices in the grocery store are 100% + mark up. Bread is $4 a loaf for the same kind you can buy at the grocery store for $1.82. 

On to the facilities, no where near up to par. There are 2 bath houses: one of which never has warm let alone hot water, and is beyond filthy. The other has not been cleaned in the 2 weeks since we arrived. Piles of hair, q-tips and filth all over. But yet they have a cleaning crew every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday. Think it's time to hire a new cleaning crew. Updated to state the "cleaner" of the 2 bath houses is closed and you are left with the ones filled with mold.

Winter office hours: they close at 5pm during the week and 6 pm on weekends, so if you need anything, you might want to schedule getting out of work prior to that time. 

Rating: 3
Text: This is called a resort but offers nothing but a hot tub that is supose to be a pool, 94° is a bathtub, not a pool. Chemicals  were so strong we all three have chemical burns and when brought to their attention it was an "Oh well", kind of deal. Our camp site was really nice and spacious. Wi-Fi SUCKED as it do didn't work at all, answer was we have fiber optics??? K well if it doesn't work what difference does it make what you have. Three ponds filled with geese and poop, so when it's hot you can imagine the smell, not good. No activities. Not impressed
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome place to camp . Owners are very nice employees are  helpful. The campgrounds are beautiful fishing is great. I love just setting looking at the lake it is so peaceful.
