Diamond Motel Abilene
Rating: 3
Text: I am really impressed with this little motel! Outside is well kept. Inside was very clean in our room and the front desk area. Gentleman at the front desk was very polite. 
 For an older motel they are doing a good job with up keep. The room had no smell to it. I was fully expecting for The older motel stuffy smell!! No odor in our room.
I had two pets the charge was 7 per pet. The price this weekend was 40 per night. Even my girls were impressed. Microwave and small fridge available in room. I would use it again. 
Rating: 4
Text: Great little motel just a little distance from the interstate. Everyone was super nice, our room was clean, there was ample parking, and the other guests were polite and quiet. While some might call the room decor dated, I thought it was perfect vintage motel styling. I would stay here again, no doubts. They are pet friendly as well.
Rating: 4
Text: An older dated motel, but VERY clean and not beat up.  A full package of cable TV and friendly staff.  The continental breakfast only consisted of cereal, toast, coffee and orange juice, but what would you expect for a clean room for $40.  A great buy for the price.  I'm in the area quite often on business and will definitely stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Very convenient, and for an older motel, it's well-kept by the friendly family of owners. 
Beds are comfortable in small rooms. Air conditioning, but centrally controlled, not individual. Shower was fine, sink had very low water pressure. 
All rooms have apartment-size fridge and microwave.
"Continental" breakfast is included, though it's a bit sparse compared to most. Toast, a bit of fruit, and good coffee. Fine for a short stay, but if you want a feast, this isn't it.
We'd stay here again if back in town. 
Rating: 5
Text: You shouldn't give a campground one star for not having air conditioning. This is a clean and comfortable motel for a very reasonable price.  The staff are friendly and professional. The tvs are modern and have numerous channels.  It has free breakfast. My room had a real painting not a reproduction or print.

 Cons:  There are no individual thermostats.  I think there is one water heater for the showers.  The shower heads are not for tall people.

Summary:  If you are a fancy person, then pay for a fancy place and quit being cheap.  This place is great for everyone else.
