Dillon State Park
Rating: 3
Text: We camped there on a Saturday. Almost every site was occupied and sites are very close. It seemed like everyone had four vehicles. Cars and trucks parked everywhere. Might be better during the week.
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful park, with kept up hiking, biking and bridle trails. 
Bathrooms are dated but clean and private. Great disc course and many playgrounds-one for each loop. My reason for 3 to 4 stars(normally I'd give this place 5 stars) is that we were visited by the park rangers because they said they couldn't find our self-registration envelope. The ranger said it wasn't in the kiosk, but I can tell you it's in there right now collecting dust probably under something or on something as my wife really knocked the envelope into the drop box slot. If we were allowed to access the kiosk we would likely find our self-registration envelope. The park rangers, I believe, didn't search the cluttered kiosk thoroughly as it is pilled to the ceiling with all kinds of bins and other stuff. The envelope likely slid on the floor under something or flew between some boxes or bins. The rangers assumed we didn't pay and were NOT convinced by our word. -...I'd love to search that kiosk...- In the meantime we have a check floating around that may or may not be seen again, and would cost 30 bucks to cancel. I just hope when they find it they give us a call. But other than that, this is a great park to stay at with plenty of park ranger patrols unlike East Fork State Park where I hardly saw a park ranger, just once a week. Also the young girl working at the park office wasn't overly friendly-but just doing her job. The other older park registration employees were very customer service friendly. We did not find any ticks while hiking the several trails or completing the 18 hole disc course. 4g Verizon 4 to 5bars signal at various sites that have line-of-site with the cell tower. Nearly 20meg/sec download speeds! Stores, restaurants, and big box retailers 5 to 10 mins away which was a huge convenience. We will stay here again.

 **edit** check was found months later and cashed. Still trying to resolve the issue with very slow communication. Paid double for our site. Never have dealt with this kind of confusion at any other Ohio state park from Maumee Bay east to Pymatuning south to Hocking Hills and back west to  East fork, and points in between. Maybe an anomaly. Minus the money issue the park is decent and kept up.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome park with nice facilities, clean restrooms. Last weekend with our neighbors we went and it become memorable trip . Lots of area for kids to play, Nice beach only pool was too small but kids enjoyed a lot. I recommend for camping its best park. Thanks
Rating: 1
Text: Most beautiful park - horrible reservation system. They use ReserveAmerica, which we made a reservation through 3 months ago. A week before our big event they cancelled it because we paid 1/2 the price (the website said such is permitted. No one has updated the website and said this is our fault) and then charged US for the cancellation! We want the cabin! But are being refused it AND charged. It turns out this is something they often do, as we've heard it from two others now. But still, the webpage says it is okay to pay half now and half upon arriving. Watch out. They're just going to cancel on you and then charge you for the cancellation.
Rating: 3
Text: We went here for a day of fun in the sun, we hiked, frisbee golfed and then went to the beach. In total, 1 out those 3 were enjoyable. Hiking trails were incredibly overgrown, not well maintained at all and there was a lot of criss-crossing of trails which was confusing. The beach and lake were pretty gross, the water was brown and the "beach" was mostly just brown dirt. We went to the beach in 2016 and it was in much better shape, so maybe they just need to add new sand and the rain made the water brown? idk...Finally, the disc golf course was fun! The holes were interesting, some wide open, and some were tighter and there was some elevation change which was cool. Overall, it was a so-so experience
