Dixie Chopper Business Center
Rating: 5
Text: Nice place
Rating: 1
Text: I never take the time to write reviews, but after the outrageous experience I've just had with this business and specifically the manager, I had to say something. 

I originally called at the very begining at January to make a reservation for August. I booked my reservation, then realized I wasn't given the rates. When I asked, she explained they were going through transition and was told by the manager not to quote any rates over the phone. I thought this was a little odd (and said so) as I travel frequently, making reservations as much as a year in advance and the hotels are always able to tell you the rates (even for special weekensd where all hotels inflate their rates). The young lady (Kate or Kaitlyn) I spoke with was pleasant enough and promised I would get an email within a day with the specific rates listed so I went ahead and gave her my credit card information. When I realized nearly a month had gone by without my receiving the email. I called the hotel again. The older woman (Janet) I spoke with tried her best to help me, but really couldn't so she took my information and offered to call the manager (who was out). Janet then called me right back and explained the manager said I don't have a room for those dates and she would call me personally the following day. Naturally I was confused and upset, I questioned why I was told I had a reservation, then never informed if there was a mistake and I actually did not have a reservation. Janet was very apologetic, but couldn't explain what occured. I thanked her for trying to helpd me and for calling me back so quickly. Janet was the only decent part of this experience. 

The manager did call me the next day. I explained to her all that had transpired since January. She was rude from the moment we began to speak. She told me Kaitlyn said that I had been "very demanding" in wanting to know (at the time of my booking in January) what rate I would be charged for my reservation because they are a "family busines" and like all hotels, rates are increased for special weekends. She then went on to say she made the decision to pull my reservation because I had been "very demanding about know the rates" and I should find a different hotel.  I told her I understood that rates increase, but its not unreasonable to ask for the room rate when I'm giving someone my credit card information. I went on to say its fine, I didn't want to stay there given the treatment. When I asked why she did not send an email in January to simply inform me that I no longer had a reservation, the manager actually hung up on me. I called back and asked her for an email to confirm I don't have a reservation because I didn't want a charge to suddenly appear on my credit card in August for a reservation I was told didn't exist. She told me they distroyed all my information including my credit card. I asked for an email to that effect she said "no you may not". When I asked the manager for her name, she hung up on me again. 

This is the craziest experience I've ever had. I undertand they are located in a very small town, but there is just no excuse. I see why some people say you should always stick with large chain hotels. Moving forward that's what I will do, even if it means driving a little further. Now I'm left to wonder what charges will pop up on my credit card for August.
Rating: 1
Text: Brought a bunch of people there last night for dinner at Final Approach, only to find a hand written note on the door saying restaurant was closed!  Take your menu off line then!!! Thanks for ruining a 16th anniversary party!
Rating: 5
Text: Very kind receptionist, huge rooms, and a great restaurant-style breakfast in the morning (which was paid for with a voucher we got during check in).   Being dark out and just following GPS, the location scared us initially but it's just a part of the regional airport, really. Great stay! 
Rating: 3
Text: 
