Dodge House Hotel & Convention Center
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel for the money!!  Nice rooms.  Great service.  The restaurant has awesome food, breakfast all day long with a great buffet in the AM.  Great evening buffet as well.  The bar is currently not open is the only downside.  Good off street parking even for semi's.
Rating: 3
Text: Service was great. Lobby is nice, has a western feel. Rooms were just ok. Carpets looked a little sketchy, pillows were super flat, beds not terribly comfortable. But not bad. Good for what it is.
Rating: 1
Text: The hotel is set up with a nice motif. However, the main structure is underneath a corrugated roof with an indoor swimming pool which makes the entire hotel very humid. The indoor sporting areas are right outside the hotel rooms so it can get very noisy and guests can be disturbed often by errant balls. The on site restaurant no longer serves free breakfast for guests since coming under new ownership, and the beds are very stiff. I only managed to sleep for about 2 hours after a four hour drive. I would not stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Nasty. They don't use the air conditioning in the main room with the pool that has the rooms for rent attached, nothing has been updated for years, and if you request something simple such as paper towels in the bathroom they don't bother. I was there for a reception and saw two ladies in the waiting room that were there for over two hours waiting for the manager go show up to resolve and issue. The bathrooms are on the opposite side of the building so you get to walk through the heat, the lobby, and over the disgusting carpet through out the evening. Rooms smelled like your grandma's house... The one you don't like.
Rating: 1
Text: Had a horrible experience. Upon checking into the rooms my brother in law went to make popcorn and there was a plate of food in there that had mold 6 inches high. Probably been in there for months. And the air conditioner was broken. We rented 3 rooms for 2 nights. We paid for the first night on my fiance card and the 2nd night was going to be paid for from another family member. When we went to pay for the 2nd night they said it was taken care of several times. Trish check us out and gave us the second night free because of mixed up and science experiment. (She gave us a receipt with the 2nd night taken off). Hours after we got home my fiance got a call saying nevermind were going to charge you for the 2nd night and we already charged your card. Which is illegal. Charging a card without a signature or prior authorization. There running a shady business, and I wouldn't recommend anyone stay here.

Plus it was dirty and smelly. The pool had some gross film on top and the slides didn't work. The second floor railing was wobbly and unsafe. Honestly this place needs to be shut down. Its dangerous to have children there. The towels were scratchy old and had stains. The bed was hard. And when going to the front to ask for clean towels, coffee etc. The lady at the front desk was rude. Rolled her eyes because because she had to get off her phone to help me.
