Dodge City Inn
Rating: 4
Text: The people were very nice and hospitable.  The room , beds and pillows were very comfortable.   The breakfast had fresh coffee, waffles,biscuits and gravy with a variety of fruit and yogurt.   It is an older place but clean. I would stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed here a few weeks back for business. Room was decent as well the breakfast and overall experience. The manager however was horrid. I feel bad for the employees having been yelled at and told they couldn't do their job right while pointing out mistakes and yelling in front of customers even though all the help I received from the gentleman working was extraordinary. Directed me to restaurants and showed me a faster route to my destination. Hotel and Staff- Wonderful. Manager- Horrendous.
Would stay here again if it had a new, more respectful manager.
Rating: 4
Text: Overall decent hotel for the price. No major complaints regarding the staff or the hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: First impression of the the outside of the hotel seemed very nice, and the young man at the front desk was very friendly. But once we got to the room the whole room smelled of smoke! And there was a sign on the table that it was a "certified non-smoking ". The sign outside says free high speed internet and in the room I got only 1 bar. There was no coffee creamer or sugar in the room. Plus there was a variety of cups from comfort care, to quality inn cups....The hair dryer had hair stuck in filter on the back side. The air unit was dirty and looked as if it had mold. We checked in after 9pm, and stayed in the room until morning. We went down for the breakfast that included bread, muffins, waffles, cereal, hard biscuits and gravy, and yogurt. When we went to grab the towels in the restroom one was stained with who knows what and I had to take it to the front desk. She apologized and gave me a new towel. The pool was over powering of chlorine. While in the pool the "employees only" room in there was open and  i could see that there was food stored in there. We swam until 30 mins before checkout. When we went up to The room is when I seen The air unit disgustingly dirty I wanted to get out as soon as possible!! The manager called me from her CELL phone and accused my children of having an "accident" on the bed AND ruining the sheets because of the supposed accident that didn't come out in the wash.  The sheets looked burnt! And I didn't seen them until the morning. If my kids had made the mess I would have cleaned it!! But they didn't, and when I told her of everything else about the room She didn't want to hear it and hung up on me. She dresses in what looked like pajamas NOT PROFESSIONAL AT ALL! WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN BECAUSE OF HER ATTITUDE. I wish I would have read the reviews first.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and quiet place with a pool and a hot tub. Staff is super nice!
