Don Hall's Guesthouse
Rating: 4
Text: Don't call me racist, because, I have to say it was very nice to stay at a hotel that was ran by local Americans and everyone spoke English,  that is a rare find theses days! We stayed on a Friday,  and had the breakfast and dinner included. The dinner was very tasty, we both had the prime rib, my husband had his well done and it was still moist and flavorful.  The dress ranged from office wear to shorts and tee shirts, the breakfast was a buffet and also very good, could have used some toast but barely worth a mention. There was a live band at night for free, there are plenty of places to smoke outside, the room was very clean, the bed was comfortable,  the bathroom was separated by a sliding door, then a sink area with a mini fridge, coffee pot, and ironing board, the tub and toilet had a door, very clean but very small. Not sure why, but the shower didn't have a lot of water preasure, probably that new efficiency faucet,  but it worked.  There was a door from the hall and a door from the parking lot, we stayed on the first floor. It would be a nice update to add an elevator for those who don't do stairs, there are multiple entries though. Overall it felt safe, it smelled good, it was clean, the A.C. worked, the price was very competitive,  the food was good, and everyone who works there is very friendly, and helpful. I would definitely go back and recommend it to others! We also always try to support family owned business,  check out HALLS history.
Rating: 4
Text: We had a great experience here at the Suite. Jacuzzi was worth it! Love the overall updated room (though I think the bathroom is overdue for renovation). Heated pool and hot tub are very nice. Restaurant dinner/breakfast both convenient AND very well done. We did have a bad experience with making an online reservation last year for our anniversary, which they called the week prior and said the suite was actually not available. They made no effort to remedy the problem. That was very frustrating and so my reason for 4 stars. This time we reserved over phone and no issues.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was a bit dated, but very clean and cozy. It was a lovely hotel and the food was amazing. My fiancé and I no doubt will definitely stay here again, as we travel to Ft. Wayne frequently. It was a wonderful stay, the staff were very kind and helpful, and the building and interior was charming and pleasantly nostalgic!
Rating: 5
Text: This is our second time staying. My husband's company sends him up here for training. We love it. The rooms are cozy and very well kept for an older hotel, the guesthouse lounge restaurant in the hotel has awesome food, there is both an indoor and outdoor pool, and they have a little courtyard in the back that is landscaped nicely and has benches so you can sit out and enjoy the weather. 
Rating: 3
Text: Food was delicious but service is sub par. I am still currently here. There are 4 of us that have been here since 6. Service started out ok but now we haven't seen out server for 45 minutes and really need to leave to make a play. We keep hearing people in the kitchen chanting "Katie, Katie, Katie!"... It would be nice if they were as enthusiastic about their service as they are about Katie...
