DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Hotel Columbus Downtown
Rating: 2
Text: I've been a repeated guest here for three years now and this recent stay has been rather disappointing. It seems like once they knew there would be renovations next year they stopped fixing things since it would be a waste. The entire stay of three evenings only one of the two elevators were functioning. It's very problematic when in the morning everyone is checking out with their gigantic suitcases and in the afternoon everyone is checking in with them and the elevator will only hold 5 maybe 6 people then. Give yourself extra time where ever you're heading to because you'll be waiting ten minutes for an elevator. Additionally the bathroom floor was sticky and the bathroom smelled like the cleaning people just streaked urine that was already on the floor with a towel to "clean" the bathroom. Another thing about the bathroom is the towel hook was missing so there's no where to hang up your bath towel to conserve on usage. It's rather sad when this is generally a lovely hotel with great access to most of Columbus. In a way I'm glad it's my last stay here but sad I won't see the renovations. I'd be concerned if staying during the renovation process, best of luck!
Rating: 5
Text: We had our wedding reception at Capital Club and it was perfect! The staff was excellent and made the day super easy for us, beautiful, and the food was outstanding. Would definitely recommend even outside of large events, even if you're just looking for a place to stay or even going to grab some dinner or drinks. Patrick Beaver the event planner was the best!
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here for the premiere Beauty classic and couldn't have been happier with our room! Very spacious room with updated an extra amenities! Hotel bartender was friendly and efficient! Short drive to the convention center.
Rating: 5
Text: Only stayed for a night but the hotel room was very nice and clean. The only problem was that only one elevator worked and that in order to get from the street to the rooms was to take two different elevators. The staff was very helpful with finding restaurants and venues as well.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed in a King corner suite with a city view and the room was beautiful and spacious. The bed was very comfy. The service was great but they didn't serve the room until our second night, which was fine. If we had needed something they would've been happy to help.
