Double R Guest Ranch LLC
Rating: 5
Text: We had an amazing experience! we drove down from tucson and it was very easy to find and we were greeted by a herd of animals dogs and cats alike! Ron was a patient teacher and very friendly and helpful. The horses and all other animals were extremely gentile, great for beginners, and very well cared for and loved. The trail itself was beautiful and they have a great many to choose from. We will definitely be coming back!
Rating: 1
Text: My wife and I stayed for 4 days in June 2017.
Our experience was very much like Jeff's was. We booked our trip surprisingly 1 month before. We were shocked because the website seemed too good to be true that short notice. We were really excited for fishing the most but the horseback riding sounded great as well. We got the biggest "cabin" which is a trailer in pretty rough condition called lakeside be cause it was right by the one of three lakes said to be in the property. These lakes are supposedly full of pike and perch. Well I believe it, there's probably a state record in the single lake on her property. 1 dried up, the lake we stayed by was mostly marsh and the third didnt exist. Though I must admit the first and only lake is very nice, you see it pulling of highway. But you cannot access it without waders to get to a small boat. We had to drive round trip 70 miles to get anywhere to fish. There also were no horses at all. Don't get us wrong, Pat is one of the nicest ladies we've met and that is why we didn't complain. But the website needs to be updated to reflect what is actually available there. We enjoyed our time despite these things and the sandhills are beautiful, I just hope this helps any others that plan a trip to the Double R Ranch.
Rating: 1
Text: We booked a three day grouse/pheasant hunt 11/25/16 with Pat.  We hunted hard (walked 7 to 8 miles per day) for two days with three experience hunters and two dogs.  We never saw a single grouse or pheasant!  We saw plenty of mule deer, lost count at 30+ deer - this is probably a good deer hunting property but don't waste your time bird hunting.  We left the lodge after two days.
The cabin we stayed at was old and dated but fairly clean, however we had to vacuum a pile of dead flies off the kitchen and living room floor before we moved our gear in.  This place does not even deserve one star!

Here is the real disappointment.  We respectfully asked Pat to refund a 1/3 of our hunting fees (total fees were $3,500) and she refused to refund a dime.  
I have never been so disappointed in hunting experience!  THIS IS NOT A BIRD HUNTING PROPERTY!!
Rating: 5
Text: After only a two day visit, this is the place where I go in my head whenever I need to find that special place for peace of mind.  Pat and her ranch are unsurpassed for that special place thàt I want to revisit every summer.
Rating: 5
Text: nice place away from everything, no services close by
