DoubleTree by Hilton Mt. Vernon
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is a very nice hotel but they are going through a lot of renovations right now. The restaurant connected to the hotel is overpriced and I was not impressed with the food. It's a great place for events both professional and personal IE weddings.
Rating: 4
Text: It was quiet there was a decent atmosphere. The food was excellent. The drinks were okay. Our waitress was very sweet and very pleasant.
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed on August 20th, 2017 in room 344. Although we called THREE TIMES to confirm that we would have a room with two double beds, when we arrived none were available except for smoking. With two small children that wasn't acceptable.  The hotel was able to give us a roll out bed in a non-smoking room and we made it work. The room had an unpleasant odor but appeared to otherwise be fine... until we moved something on top of the microwave, which was apparently infested with cockroaches. Baby cockroaches were around the coffee maker, in the microwave, and in and around the refrigerator. On closer inspection, the microwave and fridge were very dirty inside. We then noticed cockroaches on the tv stand and desk. And worst of all in our bags which were placed on this furniture.  There were no other rooms available, nor were there any in town because of the eclipse. Upon checkout we told the front desk about our issue for a second time (having informed them the night before). Never were we able to speak to a manager that could help us. Never were we apologized to for the situation. It is now Wednesday, August 23rd and despite two requests to the front desk for a manager to contact us and a call to the hotel, we still have not been contacted. Next time, I would stay at the Super 8 where a relative stayed. It was cleaner and had better customer service than this hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: A very nice hotel to stay at very clean . And very quiet and a big plus they have truck parking
Rating: 5
Text: wonderful friendly staff.  everyone made our stay pleasant and relaxing...would definitely return for another stay...if i could rate higher than 5 stars i would...
