DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Kansas City - Overland Park
Rating: 3
Text: The staff was very friendly the lobby and amenities were great. The room I stayed in was fairly dated and not maintained to what I would think a $185 a night room would be. The grab bar in the shower was broken the shower head itself was Rusty and the carpet did not look like it had been cleaned very well in a long time. But the beds were very comfortable and service once again was great from the staff.
Rating: 5
Text: We booked here last minute after a terrible experience at a different hotel. We were able to check in right away even though check in wasn't for another couple of hours. The room was bright and clean. Bed was comfortable and clean. Bathroom looked brand new. My only complaint is my room didn't have a remote for the TV but I called down to the front desk, they were extremely prompt to bringing me one. My family and I were in town for a funeral, and Doubletree made our stay a little bit easier and comfortable. Definitely would stay there again
Rating: 4
Text: Nice room, bed is pretty comfy, bathroom is clean. Pool, hot tub and sauna area was clean. Hot tub could've been a little hotter, but I always seem to like them hotter than most people I know. Close to corporate woods so obviously great location for business travelers.

I'm only staying here because my power went out at home but I'd definitely recommend this place to a friend.
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic place to stay - especially if you're traveling with your furry friend. The staff is great, always willing to help, and offer the best restaurant recommendations around town. Located directly next to 435 and really convenient! Would definitely stay here again!
Rating: 3
Text: I have used this hotel for work and for personal use including having guests stay here for my wedding.  The hotel is in serious need of a face lift as the interior is massively dated and they are doing what they can to string it along.  The staff is usually quite nice, however the building is showing it's years.
