DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel St. Louis - Westport
Rating: 5
Text: I've stayed here several times for work and it's a great place to stay. The staff is always helpful, nice and really make you feel welcome. You even get a warm cookie when you arrive! The rooms are nicely set up. The gym is always clean and has a decent amount of equipment, freshly stocked water and apples. I always enjoy being here.
Rating: 1
Text: I arrived around 4:45 p.m. When I arrived the room was not ready. When it was "ready", after waiting 15-20 mins, I was told there were 2 bottles of water, waiting for me in the room.  There was no water, which I really didn't care about, and the room was not cleaned. The comforter had a stain on it and the pillows smelled (not of funk, but like they had been laid on). The tub was dirty and the previous guest's leftovers were in the fridge. Also the iron didn't work. 

I was not given the drink or breakfast coupons that came with the package I purchased at check-in; so, I had to go back down and request them. 

When I requested a new iron and my linens be changed, Alexis came up.  Alexis is AWESOME! Because of her I was going to give them 2 stars; however.......

When I checked out and was asked if everything was handled for me, I replied that Alexis took care of everything and because of her my stay upgraded from 'horrible' to just 'very poor'. With a huge smile on his face, the guy checking me out said that was great and thanked me. I don't think he even heard what I said, let alone cared. That's why I gave  them 1 star. 

Pros:  the drinks at the bar were really good, the breakfast was pretty good, and the staff is actually very pleasant.
Rating: 4
Text: This was a wonderful experience! Great price and the amenities were as described. I liked the location especially. The staff was so friendly and they gave us big cookies at check in! Check out was easy too. The room was clean but the ac was leaking on the floor.
Rating: 5
Text: The pool is very nice, rooms are clean. There is a mini fridge, which is a nice perk. The warm cookies are amazing. We would stay there again.
Rating: 4
Text: Room service open till 23:00, good bartenders, nice rooms and beds. Overall a nice stayso far this week. All the room service orders also come with a cookie and a bottle of water which is super awesome!
