DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Chicago - Magnificent Mile
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice rooms and views, friendly & always helpful staff, and a great location close to the Mag Mile & River North, and walking distance to the Loop. We stayed during our downtown-Chicago-centric honeymoon for a few nights. Not sure if I should advertise this next story (but here I go anyway)... While checking-in, the lady at the front desk (whose name escapes me, super sorry) was extra helpful, notably when asking my wife if her last name was the same as mine, and she says ‘Well, as of yesterday…’, which brought upon a ‘Congratulations’ and a ‘hey look, another [nicer, higher, etc] room just opened up’. We didn’t plan on using ‘honeymoon’ as an excuse for better stuff, but we Fully appreciated the offer, because they really didn’t have to do it, but they did.  Long story short, DoubleTree (staff especially) will treat you right, especially if you’re nice in return.
Rating: 3
Text: There was no fridge or microwave. We had to use a trash can with a liner full of ice to keep food and drinks cold. The shower kind of sucked, it was hard to adjust to the right temperature and water sprayed out onto the floor really easily. Not very modern, clean enough. You do get a free cookie and the location is really nice so that's probably worth the price.
Rating: 5
Text: In the heart of downtown this is a great hotel. We arrived late and ate at the bar. Meatloaf and mashed potatoes were great and a very large portion the fish and chips was also large alsnd perfectly prepared. Excellent bar food. The room was clean and quiet. Staff was very nice and the cookies were great as well. We will definitely stay here again
Rating: 5
Text: We got to check in at 9am for no extra charge since they had a room ready. The staff has been so friendly and helpful. The room we had was clean and comfortable. No mini fridge, which would have been nice, but no biggie.
Rating: 4
Text: Is parking in Chicago expensive? Yeah, but it's in the Magnificent Mile. Really comfortable rooms some with lake views. If you are a Hilton Honors member with Diamond status you get free CONTINENTAL breakfast only. The hot stuff will cost you $8. Not bad if you eat breakfast meats and want your carbs in the form of pancakes or French toast. Continental breakfast does not include eggs. Usually Double Tree offers free breakfast including hot items to Diamond members for free. That's one of the reasons I stay at Double Trees. Ugly building but don't be discouraged. Very modern interior and comfortable rooms make this place.
