DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Hotel Detroit Downtown - Fort Shelby
Rating: 5
Text: The amount of space in the room is really nice I like that there is a door between the living room space(plus pullout couch bed) and the bedroom so I can sleep in peace if people still want to hang around. The bed quality is not bad. Concierge is really nice and accommodating. The one problem I have is that the hotel's only parking option is $30 valet parking and they can't really tell you where else to look which is not entirely their fault, but as someone whose visiting from Canada where our currency very good it hurts the wallet to not know what options we have for parking.. Good thing we found parking elsewhere. Good overall, just that one problem.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was very nice and clean. The bed was comfortable, bathtub made for a nice soak, and the foyer area was great for hanging out with friends. This was my second visit to this establishment and I'd come again. There were only 2 incidents that occurred. 1) Housekeeping accidentally threw out my cloth reusable grocery bag that only had some trash in it luckily. When I explained the situation to the concierge, they more than made up for it by replacing the bag and giving me free cookies and milk. 2) The people in the room across from us were loud for awhile, but they quieted themselves down eventually.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice hotel in a nice location near downtown Detroit. The surrounding area felt safe. The lobby was inviting and spacious. I didn't go into one of the hotel rooms, but the rest of the hotel was nice. It's a place I would stay if I was staying in Detroit.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice clean hotel very nice employee's. I booked on hotels app for a standard queen room and they upgraded me to a king suit free of charge. Very happy with my stay.
Rating: 1
Text: I booked a big room (2 queen bed + sleeper sofa) to spend 1 night with my family after a football game. We are in 5 and I made this very clear in my reservation, booking more than one week in advance and paying an additional $ for the fifth person. 
When we arrived nobody had prepared the sleeper bed nor offered 5 bath towels. I called the front desk asking the housekeeping service. When I was back from lunch the housekeeper had thrown a bunch of sheets and towels on top of the sofa and left. 
I called front desk again asking for the complete service and, when we were back from the game, they had finally done it (very poorly, without a single blanket, but done). 
On top of that we noticed the room has a very dark bathroom, that feels dirty from the moment you step in the door. Sadly it was impossible to take a relaxing shower, once the only thing in my mind was to watch my steps.
Finally, the fire alarm went on in the middle of the night, they made us evacuate the building (babies, elderly, everybody going down the stairs) and, of course, it was nothing. 
I'm never coming back.
