DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Libertyville - Mundelein
Rating: 5
Text: First time using the "Special Request" on their online booking form and I have to say I was surprised to see my request fulfilled!  I had requested a "Pillow Fort" between the beds during my online booking and when I showed up last week to check in the front desk had smiled and said "your special request has been fulfilled!" I honestly couldn't wait to get to the room and see what they had done. Everyone at the hotel was great and super friendly/helpful! I would definitely stay here again the next time I'm in Mundelein! Thanks for a memorable trip!
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I struggled to find the perfect venue to host our wedding reception in Chicago’s northwest suburbs, but one we visited Double Tree Mundelein, we knew very quickly this was the perfect venue for us.

In the early planning stages, we worked with Rita, the hotel’s events coordinator, to iron out every detail leading up to the wedding. She did a great job throughout the year of working with us to make sure everything went as we planned, including creating with my wife a surprise Star Wars cake reveal that became a highlight of our wedding. On the day of our wedding, my wife and I took a break between the photos and dinner to take a minute to ourselves in the suite provided by the hotel, and Rita sent up some appetizers to the room for us to snack on. We really appreciated those personal touches that verified that we picked the right place to hold our reception.

On the day of the wedding, everyone at the hotel went above and beyond for us and our guests. Harley and the rest of the hotel staff worked tirelessly to make sure our guests were taken care of; they handled everything from room block coordination to shuttles to and from our ceremony for our guests. Our guests spoke highly of their hotel rooms, the reception hall, and the layout of the hotel which provided a spacious yet aesthetically-pleasing entranceway for the cocktail hour before dinner. We heard nothing but fantastic comments about the food they provided, especially the chicken and steak, which our guests have been complementing us about for the last few weeks.

Overall, I highly recommend Double Tree Mundelein-Libertyville for anyone looking to hold their wedding reception here. My company has also been involved in meetings at the hotel, and they’ve similarly done a great job accommodating the needs of our company. I can’t say enough great things about Double Tree and their staff!
Rating: 4
Text: NOTE: THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CONFERENCE FACILITIES ONLY

The conference rooms are decently appointed although they run a bit dark thanks to the choice of color pallette and lighting. 

Having a bar and decent restaurant on-site help given that everything else nearby requires you to drive or sprint across a busy 5-lane road.

The coffee leaves something to be desired. It's that Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf stuff that the Hilton brands have been pushing and it's just one step above awful.

Restrooms (men) are a bit small when there are conferences going on. 4 urinals and 3 stalls is inadequate when you have conference breaks and 90 men need to go at once. And when you have that coffee burning through your intestines dying to come out.
Rating: 3
Text: Not the best Double Tree I have stayed in, but the beds and staff were great. Fortunately not much time was needed to be spent on site, so the accomodations were satisfactory. Really wish we would have had warm cookies upon arrival.  Otherwise we'll worth the stay, and close enough to the areas we needed to be.
Rating: 4
Text: The service offered was very professional, even though there was an issue with our heat. Overall it was a good stay and always well stocked. I would recommend a stay if in the neighborhood for the night.
