DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel Collinsville - St. Louis
Rating: 4
Text: I have spent several weeks here over the past 2 years. Always great service. Clean and relaxing rooms. The steak house charges to much for what they serve. Although the food isn't bad I wouldn't eat there again. The bar is nice and has reasonably priced drinks.
Rating: 3
Text: Love Double Tree!  Very nice room.  However, had to request a frig and a very small frig was put in room at my request, but for the price, all rooms should have a frig and microwave as standard like cheaper hotels do.  Love the room service!!  The breakfast was a large portion with great tasting food!!
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean, very nice and the staff was accommodating. When we made the reservation we asked for a king size bed but when we arrived the reported overbooking king rooms and offered us a queen size with 2 free breakfast coupons! That was very kind as we would not have cared either way!! Plus the breakfast buffet was delicious :)
Rating: 5
Text: The pool was the biggest and nicest in the area. The hotel was beautifully decorated. The room was clean, neat, and comfortable. And, the staff was more than helpful no matter what I asked of them.
Rating: 2
Text: Where do I start?  I stayed for 4 nights.  I arrived Thursday and left Monday.  When I arrived, the first room had black mold in the bathroom.  I didn't notice this until I had already unpacked, so I packed everything back up and was moved to the Hilton Honors floor (I'm a diamond member, and I've stayed a more than my share of Hilton properties).  This was by a long shot the worst Hilton property Iv'e stayed at.  

This is the only Hilton property I've stayed at with no refrigerators in the rooms, and no microwaves.  When I asked about it at the front desk, I was told that this was a management decision.  This started my doubts about the management of this Hotel.  The rooms do have safes in them, but when is the last time you USED a safe in a hotel room?  Yeah, me either.  I called the front desk, and was sent up a fridge without charge.  I should have taken a picture of it.  It was badly dented (from being moved around) and moldy on the inside (from being cold/hot cycled). 

I left on Sunday to go to town and sight see, etc.  This is the only day I asked housekeeping to come into my room.  Before I left, I shut the lid on my suitcase and made sure my pillow from home was on top of it.  When I returned, the suitcase was open (???).  When I went to get a cold water bottle I opened the fridge and it was not running and hadn't been all day.  My food in there was warm and ruined.  

That was just my room. The hotel LOOKS nice in the lobby and public areas, but that quickly fades in the halls as the carpet isn't as clean as I'm used to, the elevators were dirty (I never saw the floor get cleaned, and it was packed with dirt along the edges around the base), and the hallways got so HOT at night, like they turned them down to save a buck.

In short, even though it's cheap, it's cheap for a reason.  The working staff was GREAT, everyone I spoke to was polite, etc, but it is clear to me that it's poorly managed from a customer point of view.  I would avoid this and spend a little more to stay elsewhere.
