DoubleTree by Hilton Cleveland Downtown – Lakeside
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is in need of some renovation and updated furnishings at the earliest. Surprising that they didn't bother to hire a window glass cleaner, the views outside from all the rooms is a mess with stained glasses. I had access to the executive lounge at 18th floor which is a nice place to enjoy a quiet breakfast or evening snacks watching the lake in the distance. Service is good. Hilton need to carefully scrutinize this  one to ensure that they meet the standards of a DoubleTree.
Rating: 4
Text: Everything was clean and comfortable, as expected. We arrived later at night and it took awhile to check-in, as their computers were taking awhile, which caused a bit of a delay. Being as exhausted as we were, it wasn't exactly the best experience as the check-in took a lot longer than expected, but they did give us warm cookies. Everything else was great as soon as we got to the room. Only thing we noticed was the water pressure from the shower being so powerful that it sprayed everywhere, soaking the floor of the bathroom.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is conveniently located downtown near Cleveland stadium. Rock and roll Hall of fame is nearby as well. There are plenty of great places to get food and drinks that are in walking distance. The hotel staff is friendly and helpful. I would recommend this place.
Rating: 5
Text: I received great service on my last 4 night stay.  From check in to shuttle service everyone was great.  But the best was Miss Elham.  I got a great greeting every morning.  I was treated like a friend and not a customer.  She was genuine, warn and the service was great.  After the first morning coffee was waiting for me when I got to my table.    I don't write reviews but she deserved this one!
Rating: 5
Text: Loved it best customer service was there because of the Va and it was great they helped me with my long check out time because my husband had a procedure. I got a good soak in the hot tub. People very kind they greeted me. The elevator was just cleaned and the gentleman told me to take another one so i would step in a wet one. Very good place. Con: the airplanes ugh but only because i was in room middle of day. The tv was loose but i was able to fix it on my own.
