DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel South Bend
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed at the DoubleTree as part of a company Gala. I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived two hours before check-in time and the room was ready, allowing me to check in early and head over to the convention center to help set up for the Gala. The room was clean and extremely comfortable. The water pressure in the bathroom sink was very low, and the air conditioner was quite noisy, but overall my stay was very pleasant. The staff was friendly and helpful. Parking was convenient, with a parking garage attached to the hotel. I look forward to my next visit.
Rating: 5
Text: Always a nice hotel every time I stay here. The rooms are always clean, the staff is always friendly and helpful. And as an added bonus they have a Starbucks in the lobby. It doesn’t get much better.
Rating: 5
Text: I love this hotel! It's magical, they give you warm cookies at the front desk! The he is from our room is spectacular, we can see the river and all it's beauty. Not to mention it's downtown and right in walking distance of so much.
Rating: 3
Text: Three stars in being generous.  My sister had her wedding here yesterday.  She rented the Bridal Suite for two nights.  We checked in around 3:30 Friday and the room had not been cleaned!  Room service finally showed up around 4:45, after we reported to the front desk that it had not been done.  The front desk staff told the bride that parking would be validated for guests both the night of the rehearsal dinner and the wedding but I was charged for parking for the first night.  We were also told that breakfast would be free as long as we ate from the buffet but the bride was charged for both her breakfast and mine. We had to do the rehearsal in a "side" room because they schedule another event in the area we were supposed to do the rehearsal.  Made the brides wedding way more stressful than it needed to be.  This hotel might be a good place if you are just there for a simple stay, but I would not have an event here!!
Rating: 4
Text: Executive level rooms are small but the view is nice. All employees we encountered were friendly. Food in executive lounge was good. No complaints
