Drury Inn & Suites Dayton North
Rating: 5
Text: So happy with our stay at this hotel! We chose it as a place to stop for the night because they allow dogs. We were traveling with our 70lb dog and were surprised that he'd be allowed at the hotel. I also assumed I'd just bring him in through a side door and up to the room to keep him away from other guests. But the people at the front desk told me to walk him right through the lobby and to bring him by the desk to say hello. Everyone was so friendly to him (and to us) and greeted him with belly scratches and treats. The room was spotless, roomy, and comfortable. Lots of restaurants within walking distance. Red Lobster and Panera in the hotel parking lot. We'll definitely stay at this chain in the future. But the staff at this location are excellent and every single person we encountered was friendly and welcoming. Definitely recommended, especially if you travel with pets.
Rating: 5
Text: I don't think I'll stay anywhere else after visiting Drury inn. Fantastic food (both breakfast and dinner). Was not expecting the food to be free so that was an awesome surprise. The rooms are clean and larger than normal. The staff throughout the day we're all smiles and you could tell they enjoyed their  job and working with each other. Keep up the amazing job!!
Rating: 2
Text: Not a safe area. I was definitely watching my back while at pool. There were many sketchy people in the parking lot and others on the property. Pool is on side opposite of sun. Happy hour felt like hurry up, what can I get you..then next, hurry up, it's almost over, quickly, what do you want now please.. what a jerk!! Food was all gone with 30 minutes left for service. I asked if they were bringing more food out and she just said, you should have been here earlier. I just smiled and walked away. On a positive side, rooms were clean and public areas are well maintained. Breakfast was worst hotel food I've had. I even made my wife try the potatoes just to see her spit them out.it was just funny. Person who cooked them had to know they were as hard as a rock ( or recooked too long). Definitely won't be going back. There are many restaurants within walking distance.(if you like looking behind your back frequently)
Rating: 4
Text: They provide hot breakfast and dinner. We only ate the breakfast only because there are so many great restaurants around. The jacuzzi room was nice and roomy. Friendly staff. Breakfast was really good. Need better pillows and a bigger pool. 
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed overnight after attending a wedding. Check in was very quick and desk help was very nice. The room we stayed in was nicer than at other hotels I've stayed. Surrounding area had plenty of dinning options, including a Panera in the same parking lot as the hotel. Overall I was very happy with our stay and would happily stay there agian
