Drury Inn & Suites Springfield, IL
Rating: 3
Text: Used to be great, but now just alright. Service and people are still fantastic, but bed and bathroom quality is bare minimum. I was barely able to sleep on the hard beds and going in and out of the bathroom required me to open it partially, pivot over to the open space by the toilet, then open the door further before I could get access to the toilet, which is at an angle facing the door diagonally, only a foot or two from the door opening. Hot breakfast no better than any other place. I'd give them a 3 out of 5. A bit pricey for what you get.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, quiet hotel with will-lit parking lot. Rooms are generous size with comfortable beds. Great staff. Nice evening snack/drink buffet and breakfast. Would definitely use again.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a great stay hear, had a very nice dinner at the hotel and breakfast as well.   The staff was great. This is a nice location to visit all the Lincoln attractions from and easy access to highways.
Rating: 5
Text: Drury Inn, located off Dirksen in Springfield IL is an excellent hotel. I have stayed multiple times here and have had a great experience each time. The staff is very accommodating and does their best to answer any wu questions and provides solutions based on my needs. I stay here a week at a time. The food is of good quality for both breakfast and dinner and has some variety throughout the week. The rooms are always very clean and well kept. The staff is very friendly and helpful and this hotel is in a prime location right next to I55.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was okay. Asked for 2 queen beds but got 2 full sized. When we mentioned it to them they apologized, but couldn't do anything to help because they were booked. The complimentary drinks and food between 5-7om are awesome! The breakfast is good, lots of variety. Pool was nice. Cleanliness was only so so. There was dust on some of the fixtures in the lobby, and our rooms ac unit was a little dirty along with the bedspread that had some weird sticky stuff on it. The staff is very friendly, but not really helpful with much around town. The Drury Inn we stayed at in St Louis (Pear Tree Inn) was much nicer over all, even if the amenities were a little less, which is why we chose to stay here in the first place. With all that said, not horrible, just not what we were expecting.
