Duck Pond B&B Cottage
Rating: 5
Text: Great stay! Place is huge and can easily accommodate a family of four or two couples. Kitchen area has a hot plate and there is a BBQ outside. Hosts were lovely and breakfast was tasty. 
Rating: 5
Text: Very comfortable accommodations
in a tranquil setting
Rating: 5
Text: Great place out in the country
Rating: 5
Text: After touring some area wineries, my husband and I arrived at Duckpond B & B around 4:30. It’s very easy to find. We went to the main house where Marjolein met us. She gave us a tour of the guest house where we’d be staying and offered dinner suggestions and recommended a few walking trails for a morning hike. 

GUEST HOUSE
The guest house is separate from the owner’s house - separated by the driveway. There’s you’re your own private patio with chairs and a table to sit and enjoy the scenery. The back yard is well landscaped and there’s plenty of privacy. Several bird feeders are put up in the yard as well, so lots of birds to see. 

KITCHEN
Full size fridge, toaster, microwave, coffee maker, brita water filter for the tap, double burner for cooking, utensils, all necessary dishware and a barbecue outside. Lots of cupboard and counter space, and there’s also a table with 4 chairs to sit at. 

BATHROOM
Clean and bright with plenty of towels and other toiletries. 

BEDROOM
Again, bright and spacious. A nice large window to let the light in. Bed was comfortable and there’s an alarm clock and TV as well. 

SITTING AREA
Two love seats and a coffee table with a TV and movies (DVD’s) available. There are some board games, books and cards for things to do as well. 

BREAKFAST
This isn’t your traditional B & B, and we loved that about it. Marjolein made us omelettes, amazing fruit salad as well as some baked goods before we arrived and put them in the fridge. In addition, there were three different jams, butter, milk, juice and two kinds of bread for toasting. You can wake up, make your coffee and eat whenever you want, whereas a lot of other B & B’s say “breakfast is at this time”. We really enjoyed this aspect. 

OVERALL
All in all, it was a very nice and comfortable stay here. We really enjoyed this different approach to a B & B. You don’t have to worry about waking others in the house or, more important, how late breakfast is going to be served. The owner is readily available for questions and recommendations about the area. She even made some maps for us. They also have WiFi - always good to have WiFi.

It’s maybe a five minute drive (max) to the town of Leamington, so there are plenty of things to see/do in and around the area.
Rating: 5
Text: 
