Eagle’s Landing River Resort and Cabins
Rating: 5
Text: The staff were polite and friendly. Our cabin was very clean and the grounds are nice. Several cabins have waterfront views which is great. Large deck, grill and firepit are provided. Linens and towels are provided, along with shampoo/body wash. Bring paper towels with you, everything else is provided. Microwave was nice and the refrigerator, while small, was adequate for our needs. Overall, it was a great experience and I would definitely recommend it to friends.
Rating: 4
Text: This was the first time I had ever stayed at Eagles landing! We had a group of 15 friends and these accommodations were perfect!! We had 3 cabins right beside each other with full access to the river,which was great when we were done with our float trip!!The cabins were clean, everything in working order, and beds were comfy! We had a great time Friday night at the lounge with karaoke! We will definitely be back!!
Rating: 5
Text: The location is perfect. Great big rock for the kids to jump off of into the river.   Great place to relax.  I loved this place and definitely plan on returning.
Rating: 3
Text: The location of Eagles Landing is perfect for those who wish to go on multi-day paddling trips on the Jacks Fork River and the Current River. The rooms here are simple and rustic, not at all luxurious.   The motel rooms have a 30 inch flat panel TV with satellite service.  The rooms don't have a refrig or microwave, but there's an outside barbeque grill for use by guests;  bring your own charcoal.  Ice is available for $3 for a 20 lb. bag.  On my recent visit, Eagles Landing was quiet during the week days, but became loud when the crowds filled it on Saturday.  The walls are thin, so there's not much privacy.  Daily housekeeping is limited to changing the towels each day; the bed wasn't made and the floor wasn’t vacuumed.
Rating: 1
Text: HORRIBLE experience! TERRIBLE customer service! I DO NOT recommend!

Checked in on October 13th 2017 and an hour later found this bug in our sheets. Looked under the mattress and found many more just like him. I don’t know if it’s an tick or bed bug but you can Google image search both and decide for yourself. Looked under the pillow and found multiple dark stains that looked like human body fluids. 

Called the manager (Eric Grieb) and asked for a refund since we had been checked in less than an hour but he was incredibly rude. He hung up on my Mom so we left. The next day he wouldn’t return any of our calls. Returned in person to speak with him and he was the most unprofessional, rude, and demeaning man I’ve ever interacted with. He began yelling at my father and I so we left. When I informed him I would be leaving a bad review because of his terrible attitude he threatened to sue us for “liable and slander” and tried to intimidate us into staying quiet.

I would not recommend this place to anyone. Not just because of the bugs, I understand it’s in the woods, but because of the managers belligerent attitude. Complete lack of respect for customer service.
