Eagles Nest Hotel
Rating: 3
Text: The hallways looked cheap and shabby. Walking to our room I was asking myself what have I paid for at 75 dollars for one night. However the room itself was clean and smelled good. The coffee maker did not work and it took forever to get hot water and the drain was super slow the tv was old fashioned for another 25 dollars i could have had all the amenities and a breakfast. I think they need to re evaluate what they really are offering customers.
Rating: 1
Text: Wouldn't stay here again. The pool was broke. Funny that a year ago when we checked this place out it was broke too. Breakfast was included in the price yet the next morning they said there was no breakfast bc they didn't open it. Wasn't very clean or taken care of. There was police tape outside the next morning. Definitely needs a lot of work. Wouldn't even give it a 1 star but had too
Rating: 1
Text: I booked a room in the top floor but they gave me one in the lower floor. The lower floor (more like the basement) smelled of cigarettes. They gave me another room which smelled, as they explained it to me, of someone who had stayed there forever. They had me wait for the manager, who never came. The ladies behind the counter spent the entire time checking their phones and clearly bothered by my questions. They talked to each other instead of at me. They gave me a refund but not before a shirtless man passed though the lobby. I dont recommend booking here. The money you'll save won't be worth it, I promise. 
Rating: 1
Text: We tried to give them the benefit of doubt, because we have stayed before, but never again. This place is horrible. Bugs, peeling paint, stained carpets, dirty moldy bathrooms, and smells of stale smoke. The pool has been"under renovation" for at least the last three years. I would not recommend it to anyone.
Rating: 5
Text: Pride there self on keeping it clean. Amazing staff. The man at front counter was amazing. Kris was very polite and made our stay very pleasant. He really knows how to make people fell right at home! Best hotel in quincy! Very happy with our stay!
