Eastwood Motel
Rating: 3
Text: This  is a cheap place to sleep when travelling I-70.  The rooms are bigger than most we stayed in as we crossed the country but need much updating.   The rooms were clean.   The woman at the front desk was not very friendly although efficient with check-in.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible!! Around 2 in the morning I was woken up by someone throwing a rock at the glass ran towards the bathroom and then my friends and I heard a crash we didn't know at the time that it was a rock we were scared we called the police. We didn't know if it was someone shotting or what was going on. After the police were there we found out that the people staying next to us had there child right by the window in a baby crib.. I'm thankful that it happened to my room instead of there's. Then when asked for a refund they told us no and to leave
Rating: 5
Text: Very pleasant experience. I can't seem to understand the other comments here but obviously they're comments can very well be valid, although unlikely.

Front office was set up nice, I was greeted by a young gentleman who was conversational. We ended up talking about Chicago (which is where in from) and how he loves going there. Room was wonderful,  wasn't expecting all too much based on online pictures but room felt completely renovated top to bottom. Very spacious and fine linens used. Furniture and bath clean. No signs of bugs (thank God). I was able to stay in till 12:30 pm the next day for check out too as they were understanding of my situation.

And to top it all off, this place had an attached Indian restaurant. I suggest my fellow reviewers to look up Curries Kitchen. Complete hole in the wall Indian take out place but food was beyonddd amazing. Best Indian food I've had ever. Hands down. The old man in there knows how too cook and they even said some of the veggies were grown right outside in the garden in front of the motel. Now that's interesting.

All in all. Defintely recommend this place to visit. I realize I'm just one reviewer but I honestly can't seem to see what other reviewers have written. All is well.
Rating: 2
Text: It was ok the ref was. No cold sleep was ok
Rating: 4
Text: I thought I was clean and tidy I would go there again I think this should work on there social skills just a little
