Eastland Suites Hotel & Conference Center - Urbana/Champaign
Rating: 5
Text: Eastland suites was awesome. The staff was friendly, the house cleaning person even helped with my bags down the stairs. The room was bigger that most hotels that charge the exact same. I was unable to make it to the pool or other amenities. The also offer 2 free drinks for a reception of sorts between 5 and 7. I definatly will stay again when i go down there again.
Rating: 1
Text: Just had one of the worst experiences dealing with Eastland Suites Hotel & Conference Center in Urbana, Illinois. I still cannot believe how bad the experience was. My friends were getting married in Champaign, Illinois and blocked off rooms at the Eastland Suites for the wedding. I had called weeks ago to make a reservation for the wedding and told her just needed the night of the wedding ad she said okay. Then when I go to check into the hotel, they said they cannot find my name in the system. The woman on the phone had misspelled my name and address in the system. She also booked me the night before the wedding! The clerk told me oh it looks like you were supposed to have departed today! I said no, I had this booked under the wedding party and the wedding is tonight, why would I only stay the night before? The staff were very confrontational and rude and were not wanting to help. They were saying things like it was my fault when I had to call and specifically say what wedding it was for and had to say the date of the wedding. At this point, the reception was 90 min away and they said sorry, but there is nothing we can do for you. It is all booked up. They didn't even offer a refund, I had to request that and they seemed put out to at least give me a refund when they booked me the wrong night. We then had to quickly find another hotel. This was just a terrible experience which was supposed to have been a fun time for a wedding.
Rating: 4
Text: Had a real nice time or you might say "stay" at Eastland Suites. Nice hot breakfast...nice haeted pool. Weight room and exercise equipment. Easy access off the freeway. Four thumbs up!
Rating: 4
Text: Pleasantly surprised with my visit and stay. My room, double beds, was very spacious. The bar and snack area was nice and we'll stocked. The pool was the most surprising feature, it was huge compared to most hotel pools, and the water was the perfect temperature. The property was very clean and well maintained. Very easy to get to, right off of I74, and then just down the road from all sorts of eateries and the University of Illinois.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel. The room I've stayed in is very nice and I really appreciate the full kitchen as I love to cook. Having a daily buffet breakfast and a complementary drink from their bar is a huge plus. The cleaning staff, desk staff and all I've encountered have been incredibly friendly. It makes my long term stay for my work contract very comfortable.
