East Fork State Park
Rating: 3
Text: The backpack trail is OK.  The perimeter trail is in horrible condition for several miles due to perpetually soaked ground and horse use.  The lake, well, check for warnings before getting into it.  There is an embarrassing amount of trash around the lake shore.  I personally cleaned up 13 full size garbage bags, the large black ones, this year, 2017.  The 'takes the cake' award goes to the person who left a dirty diaper laying on a log two feet from the lake.  I also found condoms and a hypodermic needle in one spot.  I didn't even scratch the surface though. If people didn't trash the park it'd be great.  As it stands it's pretty gross.  Also the back country camp grounds 1,2,3 and 4 are all overused party spots with a ton of trash.  Sad.
Rating: 4
Text: Camp here every year, a couple times each year. It has improved greatly from what it once was. That being said,  I would camp here more often if the campground beach was ever open. It's a 20 minute drive to get to the other side of lake to the public beach.
Rating: 5
Text: East Fork Camp Ground is one of the nicest state parks in our area. Their campsites are spacious, they offer full hook-up sites, as well as electric only. They have updated bath houses and restrooms. They have over 400 campsites so the park is really large and offers a lot of space to roam. They have a sub-par putt-putt course, and a small camp store. They have equestrian trails and a few hiking trails. The lake isn't as nice as it was in years past, but it still draws a crowd of boaters. We enjoyed the peace and quiet and will surely return.
Rating: 5
Text: Great day hike/run along the Backpack and Perimeter trails! Quite scenic and left us satisfyingly exhausted! Packing in water is recommended.
Rating: 3
Text: The lake is ok but needs to be managed by there for the sportsman I understand it's purpose is for flood control but maintenance on the boat ramps and picnic areas and more park ranger presence would make it a much nicer place
