Easy Living
Rating: 2
Text: Before we moved in, everything was going well. They held a property for us since the one we really wanted was taken before we could get it. Working with us to buy it when it becomes available again. 

When we moved in, we did a walk through and there was still much that needed done. We were very understanding as we saw the condition it was in before they started. The day of the move in, maintenance was in there trying to finish some small work. 

The day after move in is when it went down hill. The A/C didn't work, and the cleaning they supposedly did was terrible. As I was opening the kitchen cabinets, one of the drawers was stuck. When I got it open, there were several rat droppings in it. I removed it to clean it and under it was even worse. HUNDREDS of rat droppings and a trap. I looked under the bathroom sinks to find 4 more traps, each with a mouse in them, and they smelled horrible. God only knows how long they have been there. I emailed and called the manager who said someone would be out and they would re-clean the home. 

The maintenance guy came back and took some notes, then left. 6 hours later, he still wasn't back. I was told 2 other homes had water lines break. When I offered an affordable cleaning company (only $100), they said no. The maintenance guy would vacuum the cabinets and wipe them down. That's not cleaning. So far, terrible experience. Over promising and way under delivering.
Rating: 1
Text: Actually DO believe the horror stories you see on here guys. We would never have moved in here had I known from the beginning what to expect. This place is indeed a joke. We were promised that our original 3 bedroom trailer we were going to rent would be held for us (it wasnt) to wait for ANOTHER back ground check to go through (we'd had one a month prior when we first put in an application and they didn't have any availability). The next time we demanded that they take half months rent to hold a spot for us, and they agreed this time (prior they had said they don't do holding for spots, but not to worry because our spot was safe, again it wasnt. They bold face lied to us and rented it out right under our noses), and we were forced to downgrade from the original 3 bedroom size to a 2 bedroom size, as that's all that was available. But of course you can bet they charged us for the 3 bedroom. That's right folks. In easy living, a 3 bedroom and 2 bedroom rental are the same exact price. All of this should have been obvious enough for us that theyre morons around here that couldnt manage a wet paper bag, but sadly, we signed up anyway. Now where to begin with the actual living conditons around here after you've jumped through their flaming hoops... expect the most asinine rules around this place. And that's with renting or a bought trailer. Anywhere from having too tall of grass (5 inches), to having anything in your yard other than your garbage cans, is cause for a scolding. You pay all of the bills (water and trash included in your monthly statement and added on to the rent and lot fees), so your total amount due is never the same amount. They don't except checks or card, it must be a money order. And if you are even one day late on your rent, again, a scolding in the form of a nasty red letter on your door. So everyone knows in the neighborhood you did something wrong. They in fact DO add on even more to rent and lot fee about once a year, but it really does feel like every other month. And i can attest to the lack of cleaing that went down in this hell hole (for the astronomical fee for rent, it should have been pristine condition, and the carpets are gross and stained, the "paint job" they did isn't even the same color as the rest of the walls, and the majority of wall outlets had one or even both outlets burn out). And to a broken drawer (that was also stuck when we moved in) that they are aware of, and havent fixed yet. Plus a leak in the roof that has created a HUGE brown stain, that we didnt even bother to call in due to the many other things around here that have gone unfixed. As far as gun shots ive heard none, but i will say that various neighbors around us have inspired late night police visits (domestic disturbance?) , and thats not much better. This is without a doubt one of THE WORST places to live in lawrence! Do your self a favor and skip this one! Your money is best spent elsewhere.
Rating: 1
Text: This trailer park is ridiculous! they have all these rules, raise your lot rent every other month! I own my trailer and when I moved in 5 years ago my lot rent was 325 and they raised it all the way to 520 and just keeps going up. Not to mention you'll get woke up out of your sleep to gun shots but there worried about the toys in your yard not being picked up! This place is a joke Brooke wood is much much better!
Rating: 3
Text: Rent is 8 hundred plus for a 3 bedroom trailer. Screened community for occupants.
Rating: 4
Text: Don't believe horror stories, the lot rent here is reasonable, and while it does go up every year, claiming that it is $525 for basic lot rent is wrong, everyone pays the same if you own your own trailer (300 at the moment). Also, in the two years I have been here there have been no gun shots fired, someone has a bone to pick.
