Eby's Pines RV Park & Campground
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, spacious, quiet. Nice pool in the summer. Nice playground.  Bathrooms and showers always clean. Off the highway. Very quiet. Safe. Cool. Smell of pines. Calming. A great place to stay for a few days. We always stay here when in the Elkhart area. I would highly recommend it! Golf cart rental. Nice camp store.
Rating: 4
Text: First time here,  loved it.  Very clean and family friendly! Great place for the family,  kids enjoyed the pool. Fishing is catch and release not real fishing. My only complain is bathrooms are cleaned at the busiest time of the morning and toilet paper stinks! Will definitely return!
Rating: 5
Text: Enjoyed my time there. The facilities are great. We will be back.
Rating: 3
Text: We were there when it was very crowded.  Encroachment into the already narrow driving paths made for an interesting drive in and out in the morning.  Campsites are quite close together and are more geared toward group camping events.  Significant number of permanent RVrs.  Appeared to be lots to do for the kids.  Small stocked store with essentials at the front entry.  It was an easy walk from our site.  Front desk folks while polite were not helpful in helping us with directions to our site which necessitated a backup event among a group of tents.
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed at Eby's Pines Oct. 4-7.  I realize it is late in the season and all activities are over.  I don't think that means the garbage collection should stop. Dumpster overflowing entire stay.  An employee mowed the grass in the rain.  What a mess.  The campground lost power on Friday after some rain. We went to Shipshewana for awhile.  I called numerous times to find out if power had been restored.  Only a machine answered saying they were busy assisting other customers and leave a message.  I left 2.  That was Friday.  It is now Saturday anf I have yet to have my call returned.  Is this how complaints would be handled?  There are many campgrounds out there and we will be staying someplace other than Eby's Pines.
