Echo Bluff State Park
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I visited the park this past weekend. We enjoyed hiking and floating on the Current River.  We stayed in the lodge and it was clean and very nice.  Food and service at the Creekside Grill were great.  Everything about the park is awesome! If you plan to float on the Current River, Carr's Canoe Rental will provide shuttle service from the lodge if you choose to rent from them. We were very happy with their service. We will definitely visit again. It was well worth the 6.5 hour drive.
Rating: 5
Text: The walk-in camps were great with nice tree coverage, giving you some privacy even with other sites close by. There was a bathroom with shower close by and they provided handcarts so you could transport items from your car (which was very helpful since most sites had a hill). The park is beautiful with a couple of short, moderate hikes, and a nice creek area for kids to enjoy. One thing that was hard to tell from a map, for sites 1-6 the ones on the right were down a hill while the ones on the left were above the walk-in trail. 
Rating: 5
Text:   My family and I enjoyed how clean and inviting this state park is! The Betty Lea Lodge feels like a resort with its beautiful layout, restaurant, and back deck/patio looking out to Echo Bluff.

   They also have a great little shop and the best playground we have seen in a while (and I don't just mean 'for a state park').

  The only thing to note is that the RV site is new and the trees have not grown up. So be prepared if you bring your own camper there is no shade in those spots and won't be for some time.

   Otherwise it was great swimming, beautiful views, and a clean/friendly environment. Well worth the time spent here!
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful new State Park.  Make sure you bring everything you will need because about 20 miles to groceries.  Do NOT go into Eminence to shop.  Vegetables where bad and overpriced.

Restaurant was horrible, overpriced and horrible service.  So do not plan a meal there.  If you do not have an RV or tent, plan on a cabin where you can cook your own meals.

Playground was out of this world.  Never seen some of the equipment they had.
Rating: 1
Text: Won't be using it. Perfect example of government over reach. People there were using drugs, not the owner and the stole the owners land and auctioned it off to the highest bidder.. In this case the government..... So the government turns it into a park that they can profit off of. typical. Won't be using it. EVER. dirty dealings people.EDIT.. so somebody convinced me to go down and take a look and give it a chance. I did.. and all I could think is... too much concrete. If youre a city person looking for a nice easy spot and not really roughing it, this is your spot.
