Eco-Lux Inn
Rating: 3
Text: As soon as you walk in the hotel the smell of old food smacks you in the face. Unfortunately the smell goes all the way into the rooms. Before I booked the room I asked the lady what the cost would be after taxes, but when we went to pay it was more then what she originally said it would be. The room was out of date and the door was very sketchy. The door closed very loudly and looked as if it was missing a lock. The pool area was very nice, way cleaner then what I expected. The breakfast was not all that great. The waffles were okay though. The bed is very ferm, but comfortable, if it wasn't for the upstairs room I would of slept like a baby. Like I said before, it sounded like the people in the  room above us were jumping off their bed and onto the floor. Luckily with just one call to the front desk it was taken care off. The employees at the front desk were not very friendly but got sh** done. The hotel has AMAZING water pressure!! I would consider staying here again.
Rating: 1
Text: This place was horrible.  It is by far the grossest place we have ever stayed at.  The sheets were stained, and when we pulled the fitted sheets back there was a piss soaked mattress pad underneath.  The chair to sit in was stained and looked like blood.  There was pubic hair all over the bathroom. We pulled our sheets off to get new ones while we were out and they put the same sheets back on the bed.   The breakfast is the same biscuits and gravy from the previous morning.  They just plugged the warmer in the morning and the gravy was left out all night. This is by far the worst place to stay.  Even bed bugs have standards that they would even stay here!!
Rating: 5
Text: Great experience,  hard beds but comfortable. Very quaint and homey. Only stayed for one night but my family and I will definitely be staying here again!
Rating: 1
Text: Desk clerk was rude. He was constantly staring at surveillance cameras which was creepy. Wanted to charge for my grandchildren who live in Norfolk to swim. No problem there except when I asked if that would include the next day, he said "oh no", only for today. It was already 8:30 at night?. Room was small. My grandson couldn't go to the bathroom without hitting his head on the shower curtain rod. Sink separate from bathroom.No coffee pot, no hair dryer. Breakfast is a loose term for the morning meal with only seats for about 8 people comfortably. Cold eggs. Hard stale biscuits. Staff rude and sweeping floor while we were eating. She said we could use microwave for eggs. I decided on toast and jelly was hard and rubbery. The cleaning staff was very friendly and helpful. I will not stay at this facility again. 
Rating: 1
Text: Don't stay here! Not worth it to try and save a few bucks. Hotel manager and staff are very rude.  Bugs crawling around in our room. Beds are hard and the pillows are harder. The Eco Lux website is also very deceiving, they say the price you see includes everything, well it doesn't. Taxes and fees are later added in, when you check in. Try and read the small print. I couldn't, it was so small.  Also, no beverages allowed in pool area.   Just a completely terrible experience!!  Please don't stay here.
