Econo Lodge Truman Inn
Rating: 1
Text: I've been staying at this location for a couple of weeks because my husband stays here with his company for work.
Firstly, we requested a non-smoking room but got smoking with no apology or anything. In this room alone the telephone doesn't work, the window is broken, the lock is broken,  and the a/c turns on and off every few seconds then smells burnt so I have to unplug and replug it.
Secondly, I only request house-keeping 2 times a week and it takes them 6 hours to do it. One person comes in anywhere from 9am-11am to do the bathroom but throws the towels on the ground near the front door. Then, anywhere from 11am-1pm someone comes by to pick up the towels, do trash, and make the bed. Then from 1pm-3pm at anytime someone will come just to vacuum. This is a terrible system. It renders me incapable of showering for nearly the entire day because I'm waiting for them to finish. Even so, on several occasions I've found myself reminding them to please clean my room because it's passed 2pm and I've been waiting. 
IF YOU HAVE THE OPTION OF STAYING ANYWHERE ELSE, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU DO!!
Rating: 1
Text: One of the worst places I've ever stayed. There were bugs in the bathroom, mold and standing water and dripping water from walls and ceilings in common areas. Pool had algae at the bottom, light in the sauna was out. Breakfast was not good. They increased their prices for weekend higher than their standard weekend rate because we were part of an event. 

Do yourself a favor and stay at the best western down the road. Its cheaper and a ton better.
Rating: 1
Text: Bugs in our room and tried to charge us over a 100 a night for a less then two star hotel. That place was nasty and gross. Also the service was terrible and I will never set foot in that cockroach infested place again.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and spacious rooms and located right next to plenty of restaurants. There is a pool and sauna as well which is a must when I'm traveling. The concierge was very accommodating and the hotel has a very historic feel to it with a beautiful lobby. Will definitely be staying here next time I'm in the area.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is infested with cockroaches, bed bugs and ants. Management broke into my room and tried to deny it and when I busted them out on their lies they tried to cover it up with more lies. Came out with throwing away most my clothes and having $300 stolen from me. Do not rent here and run away now!
