Econo Lodge Topeka Blvd.
Rating: 2
Text: There were a lot of good reviews so we thought it would be alright. Everything seemed decent, clean. The bathroom was small, but not really an issue. The bed was uncomfortable. Our main issue with it though is that it felt sketchy. It's not something I can pinpoint a specific feature that made it so, it just felt uncomfortable and made us hesitant. We decided to go to another hotel and we instantly felt relief and comfort. If you're OK with it being run down, and possibly a sketchy vibe, you'll be fine. If you want the assurance of feeling safe and like your car won't be broken into, I'd go somewhere else. They do have cameras all over the parking lot, so I don't know how often break-ins occur. I only have a photo of a small sign in the room that I thought was funny.
Rating: 4
Text: Somewhat dated but reasonable clean rooms and a great staff
Rating: 5
Text: A great value.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The room was clean and included a coffee maker, a hair dryer, a microwave, a refrigerator and a heat lamp.  The breakfast was wonderful.  It included pancakes, eggs, sausage,  biscuits and gravy, cereal, fruits and juices and milk.
Rating: 2
Text: Staff - There was a lady filling in on my arrival, she was very nice and helpful. She provided excellent customer service by suggesting restaurants and giving me directions to the place I needed to, which was also the reason for my visit.

Room Comfort (1 Full Bed) - The room left much to be desired. The bed was uncomfortable. The pillows, like another user mentioned, were very flat.  The restroom is tiny and not the cleanest. One of my bath towels was stained and the tv is small. They also put an armchair at your desk/table.  What is nice about the room is that it has a refrigerator and microwave. 

Amenities - I used the WiFi, it was kind of slow and a little difficult to sign on to.  I also used the continental breakfast. I was told about the biscuits and gravy and so I tried it. The biscuits are not served warm, they were just sitting on a shelf with the danishes. 

Other than that, the location is nice. The hotel is on a Main Street.  However, the grounds could be better maintained to cover rust and manage landscaping.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is a treasure. It is tiny but in small packages come wonderful things and Cafe Provence is one of these. The food is always terrific and the staff attentive. It is a good place to linger over your meal and visit with a good friend or significant other. Treat yourself. Reservations are good because it really is small but cozy.
