Econo Lodge Inn & Suites West
Rating: 5
Text: If you have physical limitations, request a first floor room. No elevator. 

Five stars for excellent customer service. My wife has physical disabilities. We assumed there would be an elevator available for hauling luggage, but there isn't. 

She spoke with the manager and, even though we had checked in, he was kind enough to allow us to cancel the reservation without penalty and even gave us the name of a hotel and his name as a referral to get us in so we wouldn't have to injure ourselves getting up and down the steps. 

It is a small hotel (that's why it's called ECONO Lodge) but well maintained, and we cannot say enough good things about the manager understanding our situation. There are still good people in this world! 

Thank you, Jason Rush, for your help and compassion. We made it to Ohio intact!
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointed with our stay at Econo Lodge. We drove from out of town on a Saturday for a weekend in Omaha and they were extremely strict and RUDE about not letting us check in until after 4pm on Saturday. We couldn't even put our luggage away. We were traveling last minute. Econo Lodge was the only hotel with vacancies in the city due to some college sports event. 

We were traveling with our 5 month old baby and I am very upset that even though we paid for the "nicest" room they had (king size w/hot tub) it wasn't a clean hotel stay. Bathroom cleanliness could be improved. Hot tub was in working condition however when it was filled it frothed and bubbled like there was some kind of soap or cleaner used in it prior to our stay. We also were looking forward to having an indoor pool at our access but after viewing the pool it was not a color clean enough for us to get into and definitely not safe enough to hold our infant in. We also noticed that no other hotel patrons were using the pool either. (In June) 

Finally, we attempted to enjoy our "free hot breakfast." We did not end up eating anything because after viewing our options we saw there was cold cereal (with milk that came out of a fountain dispenser), yogurt cups, hard boiled eggs, fruit and stuff to make waffles. Waffles being the only actual breakfast item anyone was interested in- of course there was a huge line.  We checked out early and never plan to return or recommend Econo Lodge in the future.
Rating: 1
Text: Rude customer service..prices are high especially when its not aa nice as the red carpet inn Which was cheaper and had nice friendly workers
Rating: 1
Text: Front Desk employees were very hot and cold with their customer service. There was a point there was no one working in between shifts at the front desk. Ants were crawling in the room. They asked, if I would like to move but after seeing the other options, mine was much cleaner and didn't smell as bad. They did come spray inspect spray in the room while we were in there and discounted the room. There was cigratte ashes on the bathroom floor. The continental breakfast had old fruit and expired food. I would of switched hotels but there was nothing available, so I was stuck sleeping next to the ants the second night. The hot tub was not working. Definitely would never recommend this for anyone.
Rating: 2
Text: No smoking room might as well been a smoking room because it smelled so bad. We had to go buy an air freshener to be able to stand it for our one night stay. Front desk wasn't helpful when we checked in. No rollaway available even though we noted that we needed one in our reservation. Won't be back.
