Econo Lodge Champaign Urbana - University Area
Rating: 4
Text: You know, for the bad rap I see this place get on Google, it actually wasn't that bad. I stayed here for a week and was pleased.

The room was clean, the bed was comfy, and the staff were great. I super liked the heated indoor pool and the free breakfast was adequate. Can't go wrong with coffee and waffles, especially if you get to make the waffles yourself.

The only places I can really knock it is that the hallways smelled kinda funny (the room didn't, though), and that the room was a little humid for my liking. But I'm the only person in my family who complains about humidity so like, make of that what you will.

For 50 bucks or so a night I think it was great value. They even lent me a fridge and a microwave for the whole time I was there at no extra cost.

For the short trip I was on this place served its purpose pretty well. If you're just looking for a cheap place to sleep, I think this is pretty great value.
Rating: 3
Text: Typical experience for an EconoLodge. The room was in reasonably good repair, though there were noticeable things that needed to be repaired. Reasonably clean. Decent choices for breakfast. Pleasant staff. Good place for an overnight stay, but I wouldn't stay for a length of time.
Rating: 3
Text: Mixed results in this hotel in the past. For the bargain prices, not expecting luxury. Sometimes get a decent room for $60, other times, it's been miserable. Pros: cheap, decent televisions, rooms are, at least superficially, clean Cons: they don't turn on utilities until you check in, so rooms are extremely hot in summer and cold in winter, a lot of rust in/around the shower, some rooms have significant water damage on the ceiling or some pretty robust smells. I continue to rotate between here and the quality Inn based on price and availability.
Rating: 4
Text: Decent breakfast. Room was clean. Beds were comfortable enough. Pool was a bit small. Good shower pressure. Would stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: Staff was friendly enough, I never tried the breakfast so I can't judge that, but my room was DIRTY. I'm talking, bugs, food and crumbs on the furniture and hair on the shower (before my stay) that was never cleaned off during any of housekeeping's visits. Visible dust on the carpets near the walls. Smelled like smoke. Not a pleasant experience.
