Econo Lodge Olathe - Kansas City
Rating: 1
Text: COCKROACHES!!!! We walked in the room and immediately realized there was no lights. 3 lamps in the room and all of them did not have bulbs, so my husband went down stairs and asked for someone to bring 3 bulbs, the desk attendant went to the back and grabbed 1 light bulb and said he didn't have any more. Fine, we will manage. As we're putting our things away I start to notice a cockroach here and there... 1 IN THE MICROWAVE!! My husband tried to use the microwave it didn't work. We went back downstairs and requested too be transferred to another room due to the cockroaches. The lady behind the desk suggested THE COCKROACHES WERE BROUGHT BY US!!! So we told her about the microwave not working and requested still to be transferred, she said she could not transfer us because there is a microwave in the lobby. we have seen over a dozen cockroaches, most around the microwave!! so we went and bought some spray... How would you feel id you were trying to sleep and woke up to a cockroach near your shoulder on the bed!!!??? The next morning a maid WITHOUT knocking walks in on me in the room!!
My husband and I are disgusted with this hotel, and the unhelpful staff!
Rating: 5
Text: After staying at the Motel 6 down the road 3 times and being locked out of my room all 3 times, this place is so much better. My husband's work pays for one week a month for us to stay in a hotel. All three times we stayed in the Motel 6, they told the hotel to charge them for us to stay there but they wouldn't charge for a 2nd person. So when the owner realized there was a second person staying in the room without pay, they'd lock me out. They'd never tell me how much the charge was (found out it was a whopping $6) and instead threatened to have me forcibly removed by the police. I am a diabetic and have other illnesses, all that I have to take time sensitive medication for. They wouldn't let me get my meds. We also found cockroaches all three times we stayed at the Motel 6. This place is the exact opposite. The Continental breakfast is delicious. There's a mini fridge and microwave in the room. It's clean, no burn holes in the sheets, and the walls are painted and there is art/photos on them. The hallways are clean, the staff is uber friendly, and they didn't remove the plug from the bathtub. The room isn't huge but for the two of us, it's perfect. I am absolutely happy with EconoLodge.
Rating: 5
Text: Great experience. One of the best hotels I have been to. The staff and owners are so kind and helpful. I will always come back to this place.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean & somewhat comfortable bed. Couldn't connect to WiFi and the A/C unit had issues. It was a cheap and clean hotel.
Rating: 3
Text: I'm not gonna rate down too much given the super cheap price. Bed was a little too firm, pillows were weak, asked for extras. Air conditioning unit in wall was loud and couldn't regulate temp well - too cold or too warm. Bathroom small but fine, Tv nice and had lots of channels.
