Econo Lodge Inn & Suites Fairgrounds
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is a very nice hotel for the price. New and updated.  Clean!!  Comfortable beds and pillows. Nice, clean indoor pool and hot tub. Wonderful staff. Excellent breakfast!  Local bar and grills located in either side of Hotel. Fairgrounds across the road offer parking for over sized vehicles. Wish I could stay here more often!  We were here in business.
Rating: 5
Text: the suites a good size.  bed was extremely comfortable!! I would recommend this place! The staff was friendly. Enjoyed Adams homemade cookies and the Manager Melissa was wonderful and really cares for her staff and her hotel guest!!

my second time staying here and changed the rating to a 5. It was even better than the 1st time!! Staff is wonderful manager Missy is the best!! Rooms are wonderful and ckean!!! Definitely will stay here again
Rating: 5
Text: Great place for a great value. Staff were friendly and professional.  Rooms were clean and tidy. This was my second time staying here.  I would definitely stay here again and recommend this to those who don't want to spend too much on hotel fees.
Rating: 1
Text: We are in the middle of a scheduled one week stay here, and will be demanding to move rooms this morning at the very least, if not checking out and moving to an entirely different hotel altogether.

First, we had reserved adjoining rooms. However, upon arrival, they were all out of adjoining rooms. I suppose that whole "reserving rooms" thing was just for fun. 

Secondly, the "amenities" listed on the website are a joke. Out of five days here so far, the hot tub has worked one day. The website also states each room has a microwave and refrigerator. The room sure does, however, the microwave isn't even plugged in. If I wanted to move the entertainment center out from the wall to access the outlet, and clean a half inch of dust out of the way, I could plug it in myself, but as the surprise maintenance men who showed up one morning to replace the cable equipment pointed out, (unannounced and despite the Do Not Disturb sign on the door,) the outlets back there don't even work. Anytime we have used the microwave we have had to move it across the room to plug it in elsewhere. Awesome!

The icing on the cake is that my daughter and I kept noticing bites on us, but assumed it was mosquitos from outside. Unfortunately, after realizing we were being bitten inside our room last night, we noticed fleas jumping on our legs and feet. Our room, which also contains my infant grandbaby, is infested with fleas. 

The floors are sticky, and the housekeeping staff yells to one another constantly down the halls outside the rooms. This was an emergency family trip with our 2-week old grandbaby in tow, one would think hanging the do not disturb sign on the door would suffice, but between the loud staff and the surprise visits from cable men in the middle of the day, quiet is the furthest thing you will find here. If you ignore the things they claim to have on their website, and don't mind sleeping with fleas, this might be the place for you. If not, run the other direction.
Rating: 2
Text: This is super close to the fairgrounds but seriously overpriced for what it is. The rooms are TINY, filthy ( carpets ), and badly damaged ( almost every wall had a patch ). We also found a gun in the parking lot. 2 stars for the guy who manged the desk when we checked in as he was super nice. 
