El Dorado State Park
Rating: 1
Text: We went out for a few days of Rest and relaxation.  Got there Sunday was going to stay until Wednesday.  Today Monday we  went to turn on water and they had shut off electricity and water with out telling us. If they had planned this why didn't the gate keeper tell us when we came in. Or when they turned it off why didn't they tell us.  
Very poor communication.
Rating: 5
Text: This State Park has plenty of things to do, from boating,  camping, hiking, to archery.  If you like outdoor activities, this is a good place to go.  There are several campgrounds that are good for RV’s as well as tents.  They even have a few cabins available for rent.  

If you like hiking, there are a couple of trails as well as a 17 mile horse trail that is open to biker riders, walkers and of course horses.  While you can drive across the dam as promised when they were first building it,  but you can walk across it.
Rating: 5
Text: The fishing is a little tough here, but bring a boat or jet skis and its a blast! Camping is great safe for the kids, and other people respect your privacy. All the electrical hook ups for RVs and Campers. It's a great place! Must see!
Rating: 5
Text: The lake is beautiful and big, you can camp there, boat, ski, canoe, kayak, use floats to play on and pull behind boats, jet skis, fish, you can do any kind of outdoor recreation on the lake. Just pull up a camper or tents and find a nice spot and enjoy yourself. There is a gated fee to get into the areas, multiple areas and then camping fees for whatever your camping in. You can also leave your camper and stuff there and pay for two weeks at a time in one spot, but every two weeks you need to move it to a different cove area in the park. Bathrooms and showers, one was open roof, the other was closed roof and very hot. Only problem with the showers the water was hot, no choice of water temp, which after a day of sun you would like cool water and not hot, you couldn't get a good shower done, also water comes out in a small stream, needs bigger and away from the wall spicket head and you always had to push a button for the water to come out, keeps shutting off. You can also take your pets and keep them on leash. Great place for getting away and relaxing.
Rating: 4
Text: Love El Dorado lake, is getting a bit pricey though. 1 tent with site is included but every tent after is another $10!? Adds up quick......plus $5 per car...
