Embassy Suites by Hilton Kansas City Overland Park
Rating: 2
Text: This place is even more tired and worn out.   There is a charge for the dark parking lot. As you can see I have been to a lot of Embassy Suites, this one probably one of the worst  Embassy Suites in the country. I won't be back.
This was my review last year...
I have stayed at this Embassy several times. Always a good omelet chef. Clean and comfortable, just getting a little tired. Could use a renovation to match most of the other Embassy's around the country.
Rating: 3
Text: Have always enjoyed staying at Embassy Suites.  Rooms are clean and bed is comfortable. At check-in we were informed that there's now a $7 fee per night to park our car in the hotel parking lot! There's a great variety of food for breakfast and someone to cook your eggs/omelet to order.  However, they don't know how to cook an egg over medium. Omelets are very good,  though. They've also done away with butter.  But you can SPRAY your pancakes or toast with fake butter.  The parking fee may keep us from staying there again. No parking garage,  just a spot to park in.  Going in the wrong direction. 
Rating: 4
Text: Good place to stay when visiting KC or the surrounding area. Good room that was very clean. Televisions were a little dated. All of the employees were extremely nice and helpful. Breakfast is the best. Workout room and pool were small. Best part, 1.5 miles from Jack Stack.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms could use some updating, but all the staff is amazing! I travel a lot for work and have stayed here for years. The location is wonderful, happy hour and bar staff are terrific and the breakfast, including the breakfast staff are warm and friendly.  I definitely recommend!
Rating: 3
Text: Our room has: ripped curtains, cracked/torn chair covers, a door off the hinges, and food on the floors in dining room well after breakfast. The Premium floor perks machine was empty. There is a large group of middle school soccer players screaming and playing tag in all 7 levels of rooms. Management and staff did nothing to stop them. This is our 3rd stay at this Embassy. The quality WAS exemplary before. This is our last stay at this hotel as it has gone down hill terribly. Definitely not on meeting the high Embassy standard we've come to trust.
