Embassy Suites by Hilton Omaha La Vista Hotel & Conference Center
Rating: 4
Text: Event was great. Food was pretty decent. The only slight that makes this 4 stars instead of 5, I walked in not knowing where I needed to go, and the staff was completely clueless as to what was going on. They eventually pointed me in the right direction, but you would think they would have known right away which room the event was in.
Rating: 4
Text: The carpets could use a good cleaning or replacing.  Otherwise great hotel, I stay every year and it's always consistent service.  Breakfast is great!
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel is slightly dated but the rooms were great. The hotel was very clean and staff were very helpful. Our room was not ready at check-in time however they were able to assign us a different room immediately despite all the eclipse traffic. The breakfast area could use some re-organization to better expedite the made-to-order line. The breakfast buffet food was cold both mornings. The managers reception was excellent. The pool was nice but the water was extremely cloudy. All in all still worth it and will stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice location for professional meeting. Good space for multiple class sessions simultaneously. Chairs with table are more comfortable than the largest room where there are side by side chairs with no arms.
Rating: 1
Text: Second experience Aug 2017:
Housekeeping was horrendous. One of the beds had lipstick stains on the cover and reeked of men's cologne. The next day after putting the sofa bed back together, there was huge disgusting pink glob on the underside of the cushions. Went to open the windows in the morning, there were dirty cups hidden in the curtains.

All the other amenities of the hotel were nice but the basics of wanting a clean, comfy bed to sleep in away from home was severely disappointing

Our first experience May 2017:
Excellent hotel! Staff was excellent. We stayed on the second floor and it was a bit noisy at night so if you are looking for a more quiet stay, choose a room that is higher up. Made to order breakfast was wonderful!
