Embassy Suites by Hilton Cincinnati - RiverCenter (Covington, KY)
Rating: 5
Text: Was at this site for a week long training seminar in the larger conference rooms. The tables and seats in the conference room were sturdy and felt comfortable during the 8.5 hour days we spent in them. The food and snacks were remarkably good, and the variety was very acceptable for the price point. Breakfast and lunch was well catered, and the coffee/drinks were always stocked. The lobby and bathrooms were always clean as well. Very impressed with the professional services here. Did not utilize a guest room during this visit.
Rating: 5
Text: Went there on a high school trip in 2001. At the time it seemed fairly new and everything was in order. Security was good, trust me. We came very close to being kicked out for mooning the atrium. Nowadays we'd probably be arrested. Somehow we got the adult channels on the TV without ordering. If I'm ever back in the region, I'd stay again just to relive old memories. At the time they were building a new baseball stadium and we got to see the old one. We all got so sunburned that the pool felt heavenly that night.
Rating: 5
Text: We liked our stay so much in June we came back this weekend. Friendly staff, great views, Emmy the parrot is a hit with the children, and the pool is small but great to wear the kids out! Happy hour was a great but nothing to the above average breakfast! We will stay again on our trips!
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty nice. Good breakfast. Coffee and juice in the morning. My room was spacious, and I like the separate living/sleeping areas. Close to suspension bridge, so it's a nice short walk to downtown Cincinnati. I thought about staying in downtown Cincinnati, but I'd probably choose this place again if I come back.
Rating: 1
Text: I booked what I thought was going to be a lovely anniversary getaway, and unfortunately I was terribly wrong. I am a Hilton Honors member and this is by far the worst Hilton property I have ever stepped foot on. I was completely appalled by almost every single aspect of this hotel. 

Valet was no where to be found when we arrived so we just stood outside waiting. To be fair, he did appear to be on his own and was quite pleasant once he arrived. My husband and I managed to grab all of our bags and make the tedious journey to the front desk. There was no luggage cart in sight, and once we finally found the front desk the three employees there were less than helpful. The gentleman could clearly see my husband's hands were full and instead of getting a cart for him informed him he should just go back downstairs and get one. We later found out they were kept behind an unmarked door, down a long hallway, and under the stairwell.
The girl checking us in was extremely unpleasant and unhelpful. We managed to get to our room and the first key card didn't work. Once in we were met by a horrid odor. The room itself is dated and in bad need of repairs. The AC only went down 1 degree the entire time we were there. The counters were dirty, the bathroom needed repairs done and a good cleaning also. There was toothpaste caked on the mirror. The bed was quite uncomfortable, and the sheets and pillows were covered in bodily fluid stains. 
The one positive was that the view from the 8th floor is spectacular. It would have been nice if the inside of the window had been cleaned, but I digress. 
The noise factor was also an issue. There were children running around and around the property screaming late into the evening. Because of the building design, noise flows up through the atrium and echoes. We could hear the elevators all through the night. 
Breakfast was less than stellar. It was a chaotic set up, most of the food was cold, and again barefoot children running all around and upsetting multiple guests. 
I have come to expect more from Hilton. This experience was a huge disappointment. For what we received we paid far too much, and $26 for valet parking is outrageous. The elderly gentleman working in the valet Sunday morning was an absolute sweetheart. Aside from the valet employees the entire staff needs customer service training. Will never stay at this property again.
