Embassy Suites Cleveland - Rockside
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel is close to shopping and plenty of restaurants. The pool is nice but the hot tub is a little grungy and the jets didn't work. The workout room is adequate. The managers reception and breakfast was great. Highly recommended!
Rating: 5
Text: This is the second or third time I have attended a conference at this hotel. The accommodations and food have always been wonderful. The location is great! And this time the temperature was much better regulated as it was not too cold. I enjoy attending functions here and look forward to returning.
Rating: 2
Text: I’ve been to multiple Embassy Suites but this is one of lowest score that I will give. I like EB due to cleanliness, comfort, service, amenities and concept but this place feels like ordinary on concept, cleanliness is probably 1 star.. carpets have stains, and fitness amenities is like homewood suites, not a lot of options. no strengthening equipment other than dumbbells.. service is good just as expected on every hotel. As far the hotel, it definitely needs remodeling and upgrade.. I’ll probably pick another hotel for the same price to try next time I’m in Rockside...maybe Hampton since I’m a Hilton member.. on side note, pool table is nice..
Rating: 4
Text: Good location. 15 min to downtown and the airport. Great service. Very reasonably priced bar and restaurant. They pillows left a bit to be desired. Overall, this hotel is showing its age in some respects, but it's still a nice clean facility.
Rating: 5
Text: If anyone is looking for a great deal on hotels you can check it out on HotelRaven.  com Booked a room on there and they had the best rates around...

We just had our family reunion there this past weekend. The Embassy Suites are always nice places to stay. They feature elegant lobbies. We had our meet and greet night there on Friday and on Sunday evening we had a banquet. Both events were catered by the Embassy Suites and everything that they served was very good. They made our families stay there a great experience. would definitely use them again.
