Embassy Suites by Hilton St. Louis Airport
Rating: 3
Text: Great staff and nice facility.  Since they are popular and known for the included breakfast, I was not expecting so many shortages.  The hotel did not appear to be full.  And yet Saturday and Sunday mornings they ran out of forks, large plates and COFFEE!   The awesome, but minimal, staff worked like crazy to get things back on track.  My thought was that a reasonable investment in additional items would go a long way.   Overall, it is still a good choice for families.
Rating: 1
Text: The location started off with an awkward turn to a road that even google maps failed to describe properly. If you miss the turn you are in for a 5 minute tour to come around on the one way street to try it again. 

The room was probably one of the most run down that I have ever seen at a Hilton property. Paint chips were literally peeling from the ceiling and on the bed. The couch was stained. The walls had what I hope was pizza sauce smeared on it, the fixtures in the bathroom were rusting, and the headboard had chunks missing that were repaired with bondo and spray paint. 

I did complain to guest services about the room. They said they would send someone up while I was out but when I returned there was no notable change in condition. After speaking directly to the housekeeper the wall stains were cleaned on day two. 

When I checked out I expressed my grievances about the stay and was offered a small rate adjustment which never got reflected on my bill. The brand standards are not met at this property and the staff really doesn't seem to care.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was clean and very nice. The room was large giving us plenty of room. The serve breakfast in the morning that was very tasty. Good experience overall.
Rating: 3
Text: Not the best property for the money. They do have a wonderful Manager's reception though! The breakfast staff is second to none as well. The property overall needs to be updated.
Rating: 2
Text: Room was disgusting, only saving grace for this place was the friendly staff, good room service and good breakfast. Shower had mold on the walls, drywall on the ceiling that had bad water damage, blood stains on the carpet, no bed skirts. There were 4 adults in my group including myself, we were all feeling fine before we went to bed and woke up with sore throats and could barely breathe. There was either a lot of dust, or mold or something in the room. Would never recommend to anyone.
