Embassy Suites by Hilton Indianapolis North
Rating: 3
Text: Room was very nice. Checked in late, after midnight, our first evening on a Saturday night. There were a number of young, pre-teens, running around. Seemed like management should have stepped in long before they did after one a.m. Had some issues with housekeeping not coming back to clean our room after stopping by early as we were preparing to leave our first morning. Food was good at breakfast. Good variety, clean area and staff was friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel if you're working in the area - recently renovated. Nice common area with tables and bar. Appropriately priced food. Rooms are very clean with everything you need. I highly recommend this hotel for work if you get a good price on it.
Rating: 2
Text: We have stayed here twice. Last time, the carpet was damp. I guess they had just cleaned it or something.  This time, kids went to the pool, no towels were there. Told the staff twice, and over an hour and still no towels.  Had to swipe some from a maid cart. Also, 3 of the 4 elevators were not reliably working. Breakfast was fair, not great. We tend to stay at Embassy suites when traveling with the kids. This is definitely the worst one I can recall.
Rating: 5
Text: The  customer comes first at the Embassy Suites. The services was spectacular.  The staff was very passionate. The hotel appeared to have been recently remodeled. The furniture was modern and we'll kept. The free breakfast was awesome. This hotel is in a good area with lots of restaurants and convenient stores. It's also located on a main thoroughfare that will take you right downtown. We will be back!
Rating: 1
Text: I am/have been a Hilton Diamond/Gold member for a few years now. This is probably in my top five bad properties for Hilton. Room layout is okay maybe put the bedroom door after the bathroom door. Also bathrooms are super small. 

Pro’s: room was pretty clean, even pull out bed sheets were clean. 

Con’s: hot tub was not Hot, pool freezing. I broke out from something in pool water. Breakfast was HORRIBLE! Eggs tasted like they soaked them in butter or oil. They only had melon as a fruit and none of it was ripe. 

Fortunately we don’t pass through here often. When we do an alternative Hilton hotel will be picked.
