Embassy Suites by Hilton Charleston
Rating: 5
Text: Don't let the outside fool you.  For the price, the inside of this hotel is extremely beautiful with its open feel and spacious atrium.  The rooms have a living area that is separate from the bedroom. It includes a microwave and a small refrigerator. They also have a wonderful complimentary breakfast and a happy hour that includes free drinks. I've been coming here for years for conferences and would recommend this hotel to anyone. Plus, it's a short walk to historic Charleston and many other restaurants and attractions.
Rating: 3
Text: Not the greatest. Poor customer service from the reception staff. Quite rude and surly staff. Waiting and cleaning staff are lovely. Hotel is dated. Facilities are clean and tidy. Bar staff are lovely and very helpful. The Shuttle driver was also very kind and made us feel very welcome. All in all, mainly good service with some less than satisfactory aspects which need attention.  A mixed bag.
Rating: 4
Text: There was a man with an extraordinary mullet staying at the Embassy. He was truly a peacock among men. A party mullet of this magnitude had to have taken years to grow. The Embassy, though it pales in comparison to the mullet, is a family friendly hotel, with a great happy hour and breakfast.The price was very good and the quality high. I'd definitely stay there again, especially if that mullet were there too.
Rating: 4
Text: Parking here is limited. The check-in in was a little slow with a large group. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The restaurant in the hotel served good food for a decent price, the rooms were very large and comfortable. Overall I enjoyed my stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel is nice. Very clean with nice hot breakfast and free cocktails in the evening. I took off 1 star because upon arrival the person over the intercom in the parking garage was very rude. He essentially yelled at me for holding in the button on the intercom even though the sign said too. However I believe the parking garage isn't ran by hotel but it was a crappy way to start my stay
