Embassy Suites by Hilton Indianapolis Downtown
Rating: 5
Text: Not a bad hotel. I work here but they are under construction (I do construction) which bothers customers a lot. It seems like a nice place to stay according to the people staying there is nice. Plus, the location is perfect since is in the middle of downtown. The rooms that are renovated look pretty pretty good (I'll take pictures of them once some are finished this week) just beware construction might end by the end of this year (2017). They don't tell you they're renovating and even if you ask they will say no. Overall it looks nice.
Rating: 4
Text: Construction was going on, but we were in a new suite.  Very nice.  We were a bit concerned upon walking in, as lightning was dismal and it wasn't very inviting esthetically.     The free breakfast was amazing!  Eggs/omlets made to order, scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, oatmeal...a much larger variety than usual.  Parking was Extremely limited due to a majority of the parking garage spaces being blocked off for construction purposes.  But overall, pleased.
Rating: 4
Text: Staff was friendly and helpful. Location was great, it was just a few blocks away from the stadium we were trying to go to that night. They had a happy-hour toward the early evening where we could get free drinks. I wish it was a full bar but I took advantage of a few basic rum and cokes. I think they only had one or two types of beer you could get. My biggest complaint was the beds. For a suite, the beds were kind of small and really firm. I sleep on my side and I recall my butt falling asleep a few times throughout the night, no pun intended. Maybe the pullout bed in the couch would have been more comfortable but I never tried it. I may look for a more comfy hotel next time.
Rating: 4
Text: Despite the fact that the hotel is under construction it still a very comfortable stay. Room is in good shape and very clean. Breakfast is very good, as I typically expect from embassy suites, and the evening manager's reception was also very good. The only real issue I have is the hotel itself, outside the room, was quite warm.ans humid. I would likely stay here again if in town.
Rating: 1
Text: I'd give it zero stars if I could...
My husband was supposed to stay here on military business and they misspelled his last name when making the reservation. Understandable mistake, but when they could not find his reservation, they refused to try to find it ANY other way than his last name that had been entered incorrectly. He gave them email, phone number, CONFIRMATION NUMBER, and they did not even try to pull it up. When he tried to make a new reservation, they told him they did not have to honor military rate and he could only stay if he was willing to pay out of his own pocket >$100 PER NIGHT for his WEEK LONG military training HE was INSTRUCTING. They kicked my active duty military husband out on the streets to fend for himself and showed no remorse whatsoever. They then CHARGED HIS GOVERNMENT CREDIT CARD FOR A NIGHT'S STAY!!! It was eventually refunded-but they in no way tried to make it right. We will not stay at another one of these jokes of a hotel!!!
