Embassy Suites by Hilton Detroit Southfield
Rating: 3
Text: As a diamond Hilton honors diamond member I'd say this is not what I'm accustomed to at a Hilton location. They've done some renovating but there's still a lot of work to be done. I've stayed here several times and every time it's the same thing. The ice machines are never working, there's always parties going on, and the bathrooms are out dated. On the other hand, the staff is great and the morning chef makes the best omelets I've ever had.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel including rooms and cleanliness. Housekeeping did not replace our coffee daily and we could not control the AC in our room but it was comfortable so I didn't make a fuss. the breakfast was amazing and dinner was awesome just a little slow in bringing it to us.  The staff during breakfast was top notch as was the food. It was far from everywhere so I would suggest renting a car if possible.
Rating: 5
Text: I had a really good experience here. I felt very comfortable. The rooms are gorgeous. We didn't have to interact with the staff much but when we did it was pleasant. Will definitely return!
Rating: 1
Text: The room want clean. It was beaten up. Paint pealing.  I don't have to explain. I was on the 8th floor.  I was bit by insects twice in bed. Trowels were left in the bathroom from the night before.  Pictures are better than 1000 words. The hotel gave me another room next day and a free night, and promised to correct that.
Rating: 1
Text: This is by far the worst Embassy Suites I have yet to stay at. I was very disappointed with the lack of working elevators. When I asked the manager there at the time, she said two elevators out of the three had been out for a long time and did not know when they will be fixed. There were also many other broken things in the hotel including the pool. The hotel was also very hot inside. The temperature in my room read 65 degrees but it felt over 85 degrees. The manager was kind but still for a functioning hotel there should were many issues. To add, the hotel, was in great need of paint jobs and remodeling. I have been to lots of Embassy Suites and I NEVER been to one that was this bad to the point. Therefore, I decided to not stay two nights but just one.
