Embassy Suites by Hilton Cincinnati Northeast Blue Ash
Rating: 5
Text: Great friendly staff,  very expansive common areas great for events.   I? was here for a chess tournament and was pleasantly surprised at just about everything.  Special thanks to the hotel bar/restaurant.   The cheeseburgers are good but I? LOVED the pasta!   Food was reasonably priced.  I’d eat here even if I? had no business in the hotel!
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed for a Friday and Saturday night for a Chess tournament. Rooms were clean, beds soft, good amenities, including breakfast. Friday night had free chips and dip, chips and salsa, nachos and veggies, which was great.

Asked for late check out, they said 1:00pm, got to room at 12:10 and room was cleaned out and an iPhone charger was stolen. The employee cleaning that floor said she hasn't been in there and front desk didn't get a turn in. Lots of food got thrown out as well. Chess tournament must've caused some issues with the amount of guests checked in, but no excuse.
Rating: 4
Text: My family and I are relocating here so we had a chance to check out a few hotels... this is one of our favorites. Clean rooms, fantastic breakfast, friendly staff and convenient /very walkable location. We were very low maintenance but each time we saw staff in the hallway they always greeted us with a smile. The only downside is the pool area is not well maintained especially the weekends where there were multiple events, ie wet towels everywhere, pool room was saturated  with a very strong chlorine smell that was overwhelming. We only visited the pool once although the kids would have preferred more.
Rating: 2
Text: I visited the hotel to take part in a chess tournament. I would have stayed at the hotel, but they pulled the group rate ahead of when they said they were going to and tried to charge me more for the same room. I passed and stayed at a hotel down the street for half the price. While at the hotel for the tournament, I noticed a concession stand they were running for tournament guests. The prices they were charging here were even more absurd, including a can of soda for $2.25 when their vending machines sold larger bottles for $1.50. It seemed to make sense to me to charge reasonable prices to not drive all your guests to eat out, but apparently they felt differently.
Rating: 2
Text: Older hotel, but very clean. Bed was not that great, had a soft memory foam thing on it, that made it too soft. Best hotel breakfast we have ever had. Staff was super courteous. Managers reception each night was great too.
