Embassy Suites by Hilton Kansas City Plaza
Rating: 4
Text: Had an enjoyable stay. Staff were excellent and hotel was clean. Breakfast was a good start to the day as well. Only criticism was that the rooms had the most bizarre layout. 2 bed 1 bathroom suite. The bathroom was in one of the bedrooms. The other bedroom had no wardrobe, no sink and had to go into the other bedroom to use the bathroom, shower etc.Very strange.
Rating: 5
Text: The location was great; close to where we needed to be. Lots to do on the Plaza! The hotel was very clean, room was huge and felt like an apartment, with it being a 2 room suite. We were really able to relax and not feel like we were on top of each other. The bed and pillows were amazing, better than I remember for an Embassy Suites. The free breakfast was delicious; buffet, plus a made to order omelet station. Oh,and the managers reception the night we checked on was nice. They ran out of most food, but it was 30 minutes before it ended when we arrived, so we understood. It was nice to get a cocktail and a small snack before heading out for the night. Great experience all around. I would highly recommend it!
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel has gone way downhill.  Most of the accessory staff are very rude and unhelpful.  My kids were all looking forward to breakfast, we arrived 20 minutes before the end of the breakfast and there was nothing remaining. A guy in a chef uniform "Lucas" was just standing there while my kids cried, he was just chatting it up oblivious to anything else. The management at this hotel is clearly poor because the team members simply seem to not care whatsoever.  $200 a night is an absolute crime for a hotel of this quality.  

On a positive note, the pool area was nice and we met some nice guests while swimming.  

I would recommend a management overhaul to instill customer service into a new team. 

Very, very disappointed and will never return to an Embassy Suites.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful accommodations and service was friendly. Would definitely recommend staying here, and would definitely stay here again in the future. Clean hotel, beautiful lobby and open areas to sit and converse, rooms were spacious and clean, service was friendly, my lunch and dinner selections at the restaurant were good tasting and presented in a nice way.  Enjoyed the complimentary cocktail hours for guests of the hotel as well. We stayed for 2 weeks as we were in town on business from Indianapolis, Indiana. Wonderful hotel, highly recommended. ?
Rating: 5
Text: I am very thankful for the hotel.  The atmosphere is amazing.  The staff is amazing.  Such a fun place.  It is a great place to host an event.  If you looking for a modern renovated place this is not your hotel, but if you are looking for a unique and fun experience there is no other place like it.
