Embassy Suites Chicago - North Shore/Deerfield
Rating: 1
Text: Zero Stars.  Less than Zero.  First of all the front desk clerks were taking photos of themselves with disgusted faces laughing at how much they hated their jobs as we checked in.  Once we located the room, everything was out of place as though the hotel had purposefully rearranged the room... as though it were some kind of childish prank.  It did not end there, having the room change correction took nearly an hour and a half with the hotel staff continuing the childlike attitude.  I could have done it myself more than twice in the same amount of time.  Finally, the food and beverage manager and captain treated us as though we were not guests at the hotel.  Do not waste your time or travels at this property unless you are cheap and get a dirt rate.  You will be treated accordingly, like dirt.  This Hilton property managed by Two Roads Hospitality needs a visit from Hilton Corporate. There is no way Hilton Operations is aware of the substandard hospitality that this location has descended.  Zero Stars.
Rating: 4
Text: The front desk clerks are pleasant to work with and attentive to your needs. The hotel is nice but needs to be updated. The breakfast is bland and lacks variety. Despite the friendly restaraunt staff, the food is not good. The rooms are clean, but like the rest of the hotel, needs a major update. Overall, my stay was slightly above average and I'd stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: Breakfast is second to none but the lady who makes the eggs is as salty to the guests as her food. ? The happy hour is great! The bartender (Salvador) is fantastic. Big suites. Excellent workout room and pool.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I were in town visiting some friends and did not plan on spending much time in our hotel. However, once we arrived we were left in awe by the wonderful service and beautiful atmosphere this reasonably priced hotel had to offer. We spent every afternoon from 5:30pm to 7:30pm enjoying their complimentary drinks (beer and cocktails included) and snacks. This hotel will be a must whenever we have the chance of staying in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: Very comfortable room including the bed! Actually got a decent night's sleep the first night, and that never happens for me. The staff was very accommodating and friendly. I would definitely stay here again.
