Emporia RV Park & Campground
Rating: 4
Text: We have stayed at the Emporia Park since November 2016 when our house sold.  We also stayed here in 2012 for a couple of months, and another time some years ago.  For us, having an adult son with Down syndrome, we have to be particular about where we stay as some aren't that welcoming of people with disabilities, but here there is no issue, he is just another resident in the park like everyone else.  We also have larger dogs (65 & 77 lbs)  which can be difficult to accommodate, but rules here are simple, you pick up after your dog, don't tie it outside alone and you don't let it run loose.   Gosh someone tried to tie their dog in the direct sun  when it was over 90 degrees, and that is not allowed, actually there are laws on that one!  What is great is there is a woodsy field with a pond where we walk our dogs, they love it!   Many people do stop with their dogs here, everything from the Yorkie to a Great Dane!   Bathrooms are always unlocked and clean with lots of hot water for your shower with no feeling of being unsafe in using them.  Tent campers use them throughout the night without incident.   The laundry room is also always clean.  While there is some noise from the highways, the train is not all that frequent, the convenient location makes it worth it for many, close to everything!  There is no danger from the highway, never has there been any incident that I know of, couldn't see how that would play out, perhaps that reviewer was thinking of a different park.  Owners and/or the park worker, Brandi, have been very courteous and  responsive to any issues that we presented to them acting in a professional manner.  Also clarifying that the vacant RVs, 2 or 3 usually, are in the storage area in the back of the RV park, so they aren't hooked up to utilities since they are unoccupied, some guests stay longer term, but are not permanent residents of the park like in some parks, so one doesn't have to worry about that - I am familiar with the issues associated with that, and you won't find that here.   Also, always remember that those that complain most about an RV park are generally ones that refused to follow the rules!  RVing since 1987 all around the USA.  I'm giving 4 stars because the location is next to highway, which isn't something that the owners cannot change, but might impact one's "experience".
Rating: 3
Text: Pretty basic. A place to hook up and get a night's sleep. Not much more. Lot of road noise may be problematic if you're a light sleeper. Nice dishwashing  size sink in ladies restroom, though sign posted says it's only for bathing babies. (Uh huh!).
Rating: 1
Text: We had a horrible experience and will never go there again.  Their management says they love dogs but they don't.   You must keep them inside your RV.  You have about 5 ft of space in front of your RV, no picnic tables, a gross green pond and constant trains, semis on the on ramp almost falling onto some of the campsites, and unbelievable noise 24/7.  They have residents who apparently live there with pit bulls and no air conditioning in old run down RVs and a few abandoned RVs as well.  The community bathroom/showers are old and outdated but fairly clean.  They are not locked at night though and the management only works a few hours a day leaving the place very unsecure for guests.  The staff is not accommodating to individuals with disabilities.  I found our entire visit very disturbing.  Their website does not list rules for their campground so be sure to get a copy if you decide to go to this dump.  I injured my shoulder trying to get my dog to come into our RV after learning they wouldn't allow my 120 lb dog to stay outdoors during the day even though I was keeping a careful watch on him and he was on a leash.  I can't recommend this campground.   Head to the nearest state park.
Rating: 2
Text: Old right off the interstate, trains are loud, SEMI (jack brakes) going into tollroad very loud. Not what one would consider a restful night of sleep after being on the road all day. Sorry power water hookups were great.
Rating: 1
Text: Sad, dreary and dismal, definitely not a vacation hotspot.  Only good thing is that our site was level, and I was able to do laundry - even though one washer and one dryer was not operational.  WiFi worked okay in laundry room but not at site.  In addition to being wedged between 2 highways and right next to 2 sewage lagoons - !!! gross - there are train tracks nearby so the horns sound all night.  Definitely NOT worth $35 a night
