Enchanted Village
Rating: 2
Text: Enchanted Village is by far not one of the better places to live! The office personnel does not know how to run an office . They takes advantage of the people living there. Today we came home to find a Power washing service hooked up to our outside water faucet and she has him power washing 3 different homes using our water and we pay the water bill.  Another example is She let the home next to us sit empty after the people moved out for 2 months...it was so roach infested they were crawling on the outside of the mobile home as well as the inside. We could not use our gas grill, sit on our patio and they even got in our vehicle which was parked in front in our parking place.They came across to our home and she would do nothing to fray the costs of us spraying our home because  of her letting that home sit vacant for months. Sure we can move but it takes a lot to save up 1 month's rent and deposit. We are seriously thinking about moving! Think hard before moving in here.
Rating: 3
Text: The lot rent continues to rise each year with no overall improvements to the park. The wooden stairs and ramp of the business office have been renovated and some paint added around that area. I'd like to see some type of renovation of the children's park.
Rating: 1
Text: There are no drains, which causes dangerous flooding. The road does not get properly salted and plowed in the winter. There are pot holes covering the entire road on both sides and very uneven patch jobs. These pot holes has others and myself unnecessary expenses for new tires. These expenses could have been avoided had the road been better maintained. I do not currently live here, but spend most of my week here and the rest with my parents. This matter definitely still involves me.
Rating: 1
Text: Where do I begin.  First of all, I do like the area and it is normally quiet in the park....minus the burglary that happened up the street from us last year.  The trailer park did put a light in that part of the park to make it a bit safer.  We were promised our trailer was going to be cleaned and move in ready when we bought our trailer.  We were pressed for time to move and just signed the papers without checking to see if the problems addressed upon first seeing the trailer. It smelled like straight up cat urine and weed.  The carpet was sooo thin that you can feel the nails that hold down the carpet when you walked on it.  There was a nice stainless steel refrigerator that came with the mobile home. Well when my husband and I signed the closing papers....Emily told us she took the refrigerator for her own place and gave us a new fridge. Well, we were definitely downsized....to a much smaller and cheaper fridge. The home was in very sad shape and my husband and I have been working on it slowly since we moved in a year ago.  Well things have been quite for the most part till last Thursday. I came home and saw that our window had been busted on outside of trailer.  There was a chopped up piece of wood on the ground.  The lawns were mowed around the lots that day.  So it appears that when mowing the contractor failed to pick up sticks as normal and mowed right over a piece and it broke our outside window.  So I called the after hours line to report incident.  I never got a call on Friday about this. So I called Emily up in Enchanted Village office.  She reported to me that I have to call the company that THEY hired and that THEY have a contract with.  They said that they are not responsible for the window because we bought the mobile home.  Which I understand that last part.  But if this company is contracted and paid for the trailer park....then they should be taking care of this.  No incident report has been made by the trailer park.  This happened last Thursday mind you.  Then at this point I am irate. I call back and ask what my rather high lot rent pays for?  No reply to that.  I ask why the roads are so bad (we have had to replace two tires since we moved in trailer park).  Emily told me I had to call the City of Alton Street Department and gave me the number.  Well at this point I am thinking.....Ok, I already have a full time job. I pay 374 dollars in rent not including water, trash and sewer so it is running about 428  a month just to rent the lot that we maintain and keep up. Why do I have to do Emily and Christy's job and call all these places.  I called again to speak with Emily and ask who her and Christy's supervisor is.    Apparently that is confidential information.  She wouldn't cough it up!  Said that I could go up to the office and fill out a comment card.  At this point I feel that the supervisor for Emily and Christy would not get the comment card  to whoever it needed to go because I have no faith in them or trust them at this point.  The yard service they hired......has failed to return any of my calls since Friday.  So I am unsatisfied and wonder what the lot rent goes to. Also I wonder what research went into the lawn service and how shady of a lawn service was hired.....if it was the cheapest place.....if they did background checks on these people.  So I talked to my attorneys I work for and my mom.  Apparently the next step is the Better Business Bureau or the Attorney General.  I have to research both and see which is the swiftest solution. I think these ladies are very unprofessional and lazy.  
On a lighter note.  The people in the community are really great.  I just think the living conditions could be much better....if not much better...then much cheaper. Anyone have any thoughts about this or any problems with management? Also few community peeps....I have left a message with the street department.
Update 07/12/2017
I finally got a call back from Alton Street Department.  The gentleman I talked to said we are on list for patchwork on our roads. Whole trailer park. Vote for me! Lol
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to live
