Express Inn & Suites Junction City
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel was taken over about 6 months ago and is in the process of being revamped.  This is an older hotel, which means it isn't going to be great, but it also doesn't cost you a hundred dollars or more to stay in.  Our room was neat and clean and came at a commensurate price.  Your not going to get luxury at this price, but you can get neat and clean plus the owner is a really nice individual with years of experience who is working at making this a great place to stay.  He became a friend in the short time that we were there.

In fact, due to the loss of our car in Louisville to a red light runner, we are having to backtrack through Kansas and we will gladly stay at this hotel.  If you are a hotel snob, there are plenty of expensive hotels across the street.  However, if you want a clean room and friendly service at a decent price then this is the place for you.
Rating: 5
Text: My experience at this hotel was great! The staff was friendly, and they made sure everything got done right. The room was clean and the showers and bed were great. The breakfast was also very good. They had orange juice, apple juice, bread, butter, muffins, bagels, cream cheese, and cereal. I definitely recommend staying at this hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: **Don't waste your time or money!!!**

Zero customer service and zero reliability.  Had reservations booked for a week, for 2 rooms, for 1 night.  Came in to check in around 8 am do to our event wouldn't be done till later in the evening.  Returned to hotel after event and our rooms were no longer available and given away. Man behind desk didn't care, had zero apologies. Raised his voice and stood up out of anger and showed aggression to me my sister and dad.  I wouldn't trust this place.

Should be zero stars..... But don't let me
Rating: 1
Text: Hasn't been updated in a long time. The pillows are super thin. They are not the greatest at cleaning, there was still hair in the tub drain from the previous guest.
Rating: 1
Text: I made reservations one week prior to our stay for 2 rooms for one night because our family had an event in Manhattan and we thought we should stay the night rather then drive back to Kansas City . We got in town at about 8 o'clock AM and I thought we should go and check in before we went to our event. The lady behind the counter said there is no need and we could take care of everything when we returned later that evening , I was a little concerned because she did not speak very good English so I asked her to please look at our reservations after spelling my name multiple time she said  yes you have 2 rooms . We went to our event and came back to check in about 8 PM and she said okay and walked to the office and a man came out and pretended to look at the computer and said we had no reservations . I was dissatisfied with his response and asked multiple times how this could happen after taking my card number for the reservations and showing up to be sure at was paid for die to the fact we wouldn't be back until late evening,  he got upset with me and raised his to me. So my recommendation would be to avoid this place due to their business practices . After checking around town for another hotel we learned that everyone was booked because there was a K-state game on the same day , what do you really happened ? Avoid this place !
