Extended Stay America - Indianapolis - Castleton
Rating: 2
Text: This Extended Stay was disappointing.  The bed sheets were dirty as well as the comforter.  I woke up to stink bugs in my bed.  One was actually crawling on me.  When i informed the front desk they just shrugged their shoulders and said, "Well that's Indiana, nothing we can do about that".  They charged the wrong credit card and the manager on duty had zero customer service skills.  

I have stayed in many Extended stays.  I would not recommend this location.
Rating: 5
Text: I work for Schneider and Ms. Lisa always made sure we were good taking us to the Operating Center. She was always so professional and nice. This made for an awesome experience.
Rating: 3
Text: Recently renovated. Room is clean and well tended. Kitchenette with utensils provided (you'll need to fetch them from the front desk. We did not use). Wi-Fi is pathetically slow; you will pine for the days of dial-up. Breakfast is a couple of granola bars. King bed not available. Assessment: nothing special here. Average room for a decent rate.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel is conveniently located near the highway and loads of shopping /restaurants. The surrounding area is pretty nice as well, with a big hospital complex across the street. Rooms are modestly appointed, but everything was functional and clean. Even the basic grab and go breakfast was surprisingly satisfying. Keep in mind that this is an extended stay hotel if you are staying overnight, some things like an ice machine and small bath products are not freely available like at other chains. You'll get basics like soap and shampoo, but not lotion or other things you forgot at home. All in all, it's a great value and I'd visit again if needed.
Rating: 3
Text: 5-night stay. Overall, the staff was friendly and the rooms were sufficient. It's in a great location - highway access, restaurants, shopping - combined with being off the main drag just enough to be quiet. The TV is small but worked. The bed is really firm and the pillows are terribly uncomfortable (so bad actually, that I recommend bringing your own if at all possible). The bathroom was clean and everything worked well. The kitchen comes stocked with a single plate, cup, and a few spoons. I should've checked more thoroughly before buying a few groceries because discovering there was no fork, after cooking, was a bit frustrating. And finally, the reason for  3 stars instead of 4: the internet. It is simply terrible. I was in 109, which is dead-smack in the middle of the place and I couldn't do anything besides basic browsing. You cannot stream anything or even download files through email. Due to the nature of my business, this lone factor will prevent me from staying at this location again. If internet is not a big factor for you, I think you'll be satisfied with this place.
