Extended Stay America Kansas City - Country Club Plaza
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel is uninhabitable! We were shown 4 rooms all were filthy, tissues under the bed, hair in the shower, syringes outside the windows, floors needed to be vacuumed. There was not a clean room in the place. This was not a cheap hotel at over $100 a night. Please don't bother, too many other hotels to choose from. I will say the clear was very nice and did end up refunding our money (to Expedia) since she herself could not find a clean room.
Rating: 3
Text: Great, excellent location/ service for the price.
Rating: 3
Text: Location is nice. Front staff was often absent when needed. Fridge made loud noises that were disruptive.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice rooms, clean, very close to the plaza.  Sign is small and drove right past it the first time.  Front desk emplogee, when we checked in was very nice and friendly.
Rating: 1
Text: Don't stay here unless you're desperate for a kitchenette, its way overpriced for it's worth and even location. The staff were nice, the a/c worked, the bed was comfortable, and it's decently near the Crowne Plaza but those were the only good factors of our stay.

Besides those, our original room had poop and pee in the toilet, a white substance on the floor of the bathroom and the TV was on when we walked into he door the first time. We checked in at 8pm and it seemed as if someone had been in our room before we even got there and it reeked of excrement because of the toilet issue. The hallway consistently smelled of pee and at night a mixture of pee and weed. Thankfully the staff changed our room but there was no apologies or even a mention of financial rectification for this gross issue until I discussed with the worker the next morning.

If not for the decision of the bachelorette whose party we were attending, we would have paid the same price for a Hampton Inn or heck, I checked and I would have stayed out by the airport in a Hilton of the same price if it meant a better stay than this one.
