Extended Stay America - Indianapolis - Airport - W. Southern Ave.
Rating: 5
Text: We originally had a reservation with Extended Stay on Fortune Cirle West. Upon our arrival the bed had what looked like blood on the sheets and bedspread. We also found out from another guest that there were frequent car break ins. The desk associate at that first location offered a transfer of our reservations to the Southern Avenue location and we took it.  We were so blown away by Raymond at the front desk. He went above and beyond our expectations. He has so friendly and reassuring when we arrived. Our room was terrific!!  The hotel was clean, accommodating and all employees were friendly. Thank you Raymond for a great stay!
Rating: 1
Text: Where do I start. I was staying here for work. Was nice. 10 minutes away from where I needed to be. But house keeping and the service has been a fall out. I call and ask to get my room cleaned. (Customary since I've been here for 2 weeks without a cleaning at all) and the impolite person at the front desk says that the house keeping comes in at 9. I work night shift 6-6 so I decided to stay up. Called at 9. And she rudely stated that if my room is not on schedule. My room is not going to be cleaned. I then proceeded to throw my towels and trash into the hallway for the room service people to empty and give me new towels. They took the towels. And did not leave any new ones. Call front desk again. And they refuse to bring towels up to my door. What type of service is that?
Rating: 4
Text: Very limited parking. Front desk operation very cordial and professional. Lobby, breakfast area, hallways, stairwells, and elevator are well kept and clean. Rooms are comfy and have kitchenettes. Kitchenware available. Couches and television for relaxing. Beds are standard hotel mid range nothing to write home about. Pesky critters running about, but name one hotel that doesnt have scurrying tentacled tenants. Would come back.
Rating: 4
Text: The bed was a little small and fit tightly into the room. But everything was comfortable and clean. Only stayed one night so it was fine. Might get something a little more spacious if staying for several days. Breakfast was mostly granola bars.
Rating: 5
Text: Just checked out of this hotel, we stayed one night. The staff was very friendly, the room was VERY spacious and bed was very comfortable. Upon checkout we were informed we had an upgrades room(surprise) we weren't informed at all upon check in but no complaints! We will be deffiantly looking toward more extended stays in our future travels, we paid $105 with taxes and we were only a 15 minute drive downtown!
