Extended Stay America Columbus - Sawmill Rd.
Rating: 4
Text: The bed was very comfortable. The room came with a nice kitchen, complete with full sized fridge and stove. They provided dishes, pans, and even a coffee maker. Plus everyone was very nice and helpful.
Rating: 1
Text: Don't book here!
My wife booked a room here online for a trip back to Columbus. She is not from the area and didn't know that this is pretty much a flop house where people live when they have been evicted from their homes.
Once I saw which hotel we had booked, I tried to cancel the reservation over a month in advance. We were told that "since we had received such a great rate, the reservation could not be cancelled." The reservation is for the weekend of the Dublin Irish Festival. So think about that, the hotel knows they can't rebook a room on one of the busiest hotel weekends of the year, with over a month's notice. That should be all you need to know.
Also, the customer service representative on the phone told me he could not cancel the reservation because I would need to contact the "cancellation department". When I asked for the phone number to this entity he started repeating his mantra of "our policy is we can't cancel your reservation because you got such a great rate". When I asked him again for the number to the "cancellation department", he paused and then said he WAS the cancellation department.
Our "great rate"? $243.20 (with taxes) for two nights for a room with one queen bed. A rate that could be beat by a better quality hotel (Red Roof Inn, Motel 6, etc.) in the area with no problem.

Ugh
Rating: 3
Text: my room was great. it was clean, well maintained and appealing. my bed was uncomfortable. I really wish the breakfast was an actual meant b?t ?? re
Rating: 2
Text: wayyyyyyyyy overpriced on a nightly basis. I would compare it to a motel 6 but it cost me $110 for a night..... Room is worth 60 tops... But itt was at least clean I guess
Rating: 4
Text: Stay was inexpensive and for one night it was a nice place to hang my hat. Very clean and quiet.
