Extended Stay America - Cincinnati - Florence - Meijer Drive
Rating: 5
Text: Our family has had a wonderful experience at this hotel.  ALL of the employees enjoy going above and beyond normal expectations.  Everyone is more than kind and welcoming.

This location is very clean and in convenient walking distance to several restaurants, Meijer grocery/department store, and various shopping strips.  

One of the best hotel experiences we have ever had.  Will definitely stay here again if we are in the area.  The rooms are large, well kept, and come with full kitchens & large closets...definitely a home away from home.
Rating: 5
Text: We are here for my husbands work.  Been here two weeks.  I love the room it is quite big.  Love having a kitchen when I am on the road.  The staff is wonderful at the front desk!  Pam, Josh, Ken are very friendly!  I brought my service dog with me (rottweiler) and they were very accommodating when I asked for a room by a door.  It's clean and comfy!
If we have to come back to the area I will definitely stay here!!
Rating: 4
Text: Nice, clean rooms. The breakfast is granola bars or muffins and coffee or hot chocolate, that's the only real con. MOST of the staff is friendly, helpful, and competent. Pam is super nice. She cleans up mud that's fallen off if people's boots with a smile. " It's fine, we got a lot of working men here. I don't care a bit."
Rating: 3
Text: Its one of the affordable hotels in the city. We get what we pay for.
For the price, no wonder there is no continental breakfast( just muffins, coffee(no milk) and oatmeal), no room service daily, need to make request for new towels and bathroom utilities. The room is of standard size and there is kitchen for family usage and Utensils are offered for free on request which is great.
Wi-fi is pretty slow and could be a lot better. Small lobby area and there in common laundry room with coins pay.
Its not beautiful but pretty good for a short stay. Area is good and near by malls and food outlets.
Overall a 3-star for the price.
Rating: 5
Text: This place feels almost like home,the room is perfect for me and my son,our pet even likes it here ?
This  place is nice,clean and always smells good & the staff Pam,Nate & Josh are super nice and go out of their way to make sure that me and my family are comfortable and have everything we need to make our stay feel like home.I am so grateful & thankful to know that their is still caring & compassionate people left in this world ?  Thank you guys so much for making me feel like this is our home while we're away from home ?
