Extended Stay America - St Louis - Westport - East Lackland Rd.
Rating: 1
Text: Very poor service. I? checked in on Monday night I? noticed the sheets were dirty full of hair. So I? went to front desk to get clean sheets. I? thought it would be fine but the next night I? went to throw something away and the trash from old guest still in their. I? went to front desk to complain and asked if they can clean my room Wednesday. Came in they made the bed and clean towels but trash was still there. I? called the front desk Thursday at 10am from work to have someone to take care of it just got in my room at 6pm it’s still freaking there. The maids can’t clean the rooms. I? would not recommend this hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: It started out pleasant. Three days in, the housekeeper came to our room, asked if we needed anything, when we asked for fresh towels, dish soap, and to have the trash removed, she disappeared and we didn't see anyone else for a week and a half. When someone finally asked if we needed service, we found out that the front desk told them to ignore us and our room because we "called down and requested no service". We hadn't made any calls to the front desk, other than one to ask for dishes and silverware. The meager breakfast offering is granola bars and day old muffins, lukewarm coffee, and half curdled dairy creamer. Every morning at 3, 5, and 7 am, someone would call our room and hang up. We told the front desk about it, they said to just ignore it and it'll stop. We finally had to leave the handset off of the receiver. The day we checked out, they basically ran us out of the room, at 7 am. Checkout isn't until 11 am. Someone knocked on our door and told us we had to go. We will NEVER be staying at this hotel again.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice clean hotel. Neighborhood is a bit concerning but overall, decent place. Plus the service lady helped me book a room after i had been driving  for 12 hours and was denied from my original hotel that i had reservations with because of my age. Very greatful!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Very helpful to me in a stressful situation. Thanks Satorius aka Torry, Tim, Mike, and the young African American sister who worked the evening shift last Monday night (your name escapes me so sorry). Good service. 1LOVE
Rating: 4
Text: This ain't the Ritz.  Everything is as advertised.  No surprises.   Decent room at a low end price.  Maintenance could be better.  AC works but needs to be better.  This was the only thing keeping me from giving it 5 starts for the price. 
