Extended Stay America Hotel Indianapolis - Airport
Rating: 1
Text: I am a truck driver who stays for two nights week, this particular hotel is infested with bed bugs and poorly ran, the staff is great but it is a dump and should be shut down, I awoke in the middle of the night with welts and showed the person on duty a video of a live bed crawling in bed, I sent an email to management with pictures and yet to get a response, there is a truck driving school that takes a majority of the rooms and the crime is very bad, there have been numerous break ins since I stayed there and management sweeps everything under the rug, I love extended stay America, the prices are great but not worth getting bit and my truck getting broken into, they also have no breakfast, only muffins, coffee and oatmeal! You have been warned, the other one on Southern,which we stay now is great, so far?
Rating: 2
Text: I wouldn't recommend  this unless your staying for more than 2 or three days. We came to the American Band Competition so we were not at our room until late each night. You need your own dishes silverware ect. There is no service here. No coffee, tea ect. You bring your own food to cook. We came back after 1am tonight and we're locked out of our room. It took over half an hour to get someone to come to the desk. They said it was a misunderstanding that they put in we were staying one night. Really ,with all our things still in the room. Very tired all I wanted was to go to sleep.
Rating: 5
Text: I would just like to say that the front desk lady Jennifer was so sweet to us! Really appreciated her hospitality and work ethic! Will definitely  be coming back to stay  at extended stay in Indianapolis
Rating: 4
Text: All around a pretty decent stay. Did have an issue with having my room cleaned. But after calling customer service it was resolved promptly. Jen was very nice and did her best to accommodate. But something's were above her.
Rating: 3
Text: It's can and staff was great. The only thing is the elevator is broken and has been for some time now. We're on the third floor and it's definitely a work out!! ?
