Extended Stay America Hotel Louisville - Dutchman
Rating: 3
Text: There is nothing wrong with the hotel; however, there are many areas they can improve upon. We had a queen suite and noted the following: The bathrooms need an exhaust fan and towel rack, the beds need end tables on both sides, there need to be electrical outlets on both sides of the bed, and the hotel was full so we could not get extra pillows. Most are small details. We enjoyed our stay
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel has many problems that it shouldn't have.  While it advertises itself as an extended stay hotel with kitchenettes it should be consider at the same level as a simple budget hotel.

When I arrived I had to wait to check in and was told the delay was caused by 3 staff members not showing up for work.  While I can sympathize with that problem other things that happened during my stay make me think there are problems with management of this property bigger than whatever caused 3 staff members to miss work. 

The room was clean and comfortable.  This property still has old tube televisions but mine worked just fine.  The full size refrigerator is nice and the small stove top and microwave were adequate.  The kitchen, however, is not equipped with a single pot, plan, fork, spoon, plate, or cup.  The only  thing in my room when I arrived was a single plastic disposable cup.  There are signs posted saying to call the front desk and request the dishes you need and they will build you a custom package of dishes.   I did this and requested a frying pan, spatula, plate, fork, and a glass.  After 2 hours I stopped by the front desk asking where my supplies were.  I was told that again because of the staff shortage they were still cleaning and disinfecting the dishes.  I returned 1 hour later at their request and was given what I was told was the last dishes they had, a small pot (not the frying pan I asked for), a spatula, 2 plates, 2 glasses, and some silverware.  The person behind me in line was also requesting dishes and was told they had none left to give him.  I was not supplied with any sponge or soap to wash the dishes so had to improvise cleaning dishes with soap and towels.  Summary:  Don't expect to have what you need to cook kitchen in your room.

The property appears maintained on the outside.  Thankfully the entire hotel is non-smoking, however, this means that nearly every time I stepped out of my room I had to walk around smokers in the narrow walkways or step over people on the stairs who are sitting and smoking.  People smoking in the common space seem to be a very common occurrence and I found each morning there were empty beer or soda cans all over the stairs from people smoking there each evening.

The walls of the rooms also seem to be very thin and conversations or televisions of neighboring guests are easily heard.

The location of the hotel is safe and quiet.  There is not much in walking distance from the hotel unless you are up for walking long distances and crossing wide streets at slow crosswalks.  If you have a car and plan to use it after checking in, there are plenty of restaurants, shops, and a grocery within a mile of the hotel.

Overall I was very disappointed in the Extended Stay America hotel.  If I had booked a low budget hotel my expectations would be much lower.  I however expect an extended stay hotel that is at the price I paid for these 3 nights to have a much, much higher standard quality.  It appears the property is mismanaged and the guest experience suffers because of this. Beware if you book this hotel.  Prepare for a budget hotel experience and nothing more.
Rating: 2
Text: Nope. Never again. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, no problems there. However, rooms were a bit beat up. I killed 5-6 spiders in the two nights I was there. The AC unit sounded like it was gargling squirls all night. However, if your looking for some entertainment, look no further than the parking lot. I was treated to two fights right outside my door.
Rating: 4
Text: Location was accessible to highways. Room was nice for the money. Check-in and reservation was quick and easy.
Rating: 4
Text: Pillows are small, needs more electrical outlets, towel rack, and the elevator smell of cigarette smoke. A.C. worked good and the refrigerator works good. TV cut off after a few hours of watching a movie. Kinda annoying.
