extend a suites - Des Moines
Rating: 3
Text: Went here to attend an event in their adjoining rooms. It was large and open. Great for our purposes.
Rating: 2
Text: needs alot more work done to it tho they are working on it
Rating: 1
Text: Very gross cockroaches everywhere. Ask for money back sad no
Rating: 1
Text: The place is a disgrace to the hotel/motel industry. It was obviously bought for cheap by a "family"  of idiots who don't know what they're doing or how to run a hotel/motel. They promise WiFi and it only works (somewhat) if you're close to the front desk. I checked in here for a week and it's winter time and these idiots have plywood duck taped in the windows with AC units still in the windows. We checked into a freezing cold room, had to wait 3 hours for them to figure out how to program a key for our door which wouldn't lock when we closed it, we cranked the thermostat on the wall all the way to 90 degrees and it took  the heating system 7 hours just to get the room to 75 degrees, the fridge had a small separate freezer compartment that had an ice pack in it to keep it cold (which was broken open and melted leaving the freezer filled with water, and they folded a towel up in there?) there were roaches in the room,  it stunk of God knows what, and all of the staff at this place are straight up a**holes. They have no sense of customer service and no sense of respect for the people paying them money. The health department should be notified of this place and it should be shut down,  though the place looks condemned already... 100% Disgusting, which is sad because with the right owners and care this old building would make a beautiful hotel. 
Rating: 1
Text: Roaches Galore

Stayed For A Long Term 
Paid Rent When It Was Due Even With Timely Payments The Managers Still Treated Me Horribly 
Parked My Car In Their Parking lot To Have The Maintenance Hit A Rock With His Weed Eater Causing It To Obliterate My Drivers Side Window Even With Car Insurance And Police Officers Called The Management Still Denied Fault And Still Haven't Made Payments To My Insurance Company For The Damage They Caused 
You'd Be Lucky To Get Room Service
And In Order To Make Living There Slightly Manageable You Had To Pay For Your Own Pest Service For A Endless Swell Of Cockroaches And Bedbugs
I Checked Out A Week Before My Check Out Which Would Have Gave Me 250 Dollar Refund
But They Don't Refund I Was Told To Contact Corporate Via The Website Because Apparently The Management Didn't Know Their Number.... Upon Searching The Web I Found No Trace Of A Corporate Office Soooo They Lied And Said It's A Corporate Chain
And If You Need To Do Your Laundry On Account Of An Extended Stay You Can Only Do It From 5 - 10 pm Because The Housekeepers Use GUEST Laundry For Sheets And Towels AND USE HOUSEKEEPING LAUNDRY ARE For Their Own Personal Gain 
And If You Get In Late And Check In Be Ready To Have Children Scream Laugh And Yell Up And Down The Halls Because   The Management's Entire Family And Friends Live There And Don't Seem To Care If Their Kids Disrupt The Guests Or Not
Overall The Management Is Very Selfish And Only Cares About The People They Know Within The Old Bavarian Hotel They Don't Think Twice About Their Guests And Would Rather Have Family Get Together's Is The Main Lobby Where The Management Openly Drink In Front Of Guests Eyes....
Non Professional At Its Finest
I Often Find Myself Having To Tell My Friends To Go To Other Places Sure It's A Cheap Place To Stay But In The End It Feels Like You Are In A Pit Of Disgusting Bile 

