Extended Stay America Cincinnati - Fairfield
Rating: 2
Text: Where do I start? I made a reservation before arriving, yet the night attendant couldn't find it. I even tried to give her my confirmation number, but she didn't want to look at it, smh. Therefore, I was charged twice for the room and the morning attendant had to correct the charges. The room that I was assigned to was damp, smelled of smoke (I'm asthmatic), and when I left it off the side door to bring my luggage back into the room, I couldn't get back in. I had to walk back to the front door with a 2 y.o. to go all the way around the hotel to my room. I have stayed with ESA before (a different location), but I don't know if I can do it again.
Rating: 3
Text: Its clean and safe,  3 floors , no elevator.  Decent appliances in the kitchen. Staff is very friendly.  Dishes, toaster, coffee maker won't be in the room, but will be provided if you ask for them, The free wifi is so-so,  Better wifi is an extra fee.  Bring your own toiletries, soap and shampoo are provided but small.   Fast food and several restaurants nearby.
Rating: 5
Text: I have worked in Cincinnati for the past 8 years and have been a guest here at The Extended Stay Fairfield since 2009.  Even before the renovations this year, I've always found the rooms clean, the staff attentive and accommodating.  Since the renovation the rooms are awesome! The decor is nice, the kitchenette is perfect.  
To the person who complained about no cookware in the kitchen's, it plainly states they will provide you with anything you request.  I've witnessed the front desk staff ask guests if they need their kitchen stocked and witnessed them take a kitchen kit to the room immediately upon check in.  As far as bed begs, never had an issue with them but that can happen anywhere! Maintenance does a scheduled check of the rooms on a regular basis.  As far as Dave or anyone here dismissing a problem, I find that hard to believe. 
The manager Dave and his staff are great people and have answered any issue I've had in the past 8 years.  
It's a safe area with plenty of shopping and restaurants close by.  I'm glad I picked this place!  Wouldn't want to stay anywhere else!  
Rating: 4
Text: It was a nice quiet stay.. would recommend you and your family go here if you want a quiet cheap getaway.
Rating: 5
Text: These are so nice and kind here I never had such a good experience
