Extended Stay America - South Bend - Mishawaka - North
Rating: 2
Text: Typical ESA!
Seems someone smoked in the room I was in, smelled like old cheap cigarette and made it difficult to breath for me at night.
Unfortunately the area was sold out and this was the best I could find.
The lady checked me in seems she was on her break and was still chewing her food when she walked to front desk to check me in, and in rush to get back to her food and walked away as soon as she handed me the key.
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed here one night for a wedding and it was a terrible experience. We got there around 3 am and were really tired from traveling. The person at the desk almost couldn’t find our reservation even though we booked it online. Our room smelled strongly of smoke and the window wouldn’t open much. It wasn’t very clean. The manager was friendly and fully refunded us, so I do appreciate that.
Rating: 1
Text: Not Pleased. My boyfriend got bit by something in the middle of the night and his hand is swollen. Hair was in refrigerator and not clean at all. The 3rd day while getting ready to check out I was grabbing something from the bed and I stuck my hand in something sticky and it was a mouse trap box. NEVER AGAIN!
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed here last weekend. The reservation for a room with a single queen-sized bed had been changed to a room with two barely full-sized beds without notification. Our room keys needed to be reprogrammed more than once because they stopped opening both the outside and room doors. There was a wet cleaning rag left in the kitchenette seemingly from when the room was cleaned. There were suspicious trucks and other vehicles running all night in the parking lot, which also doubled as a hangout. The hotel needs more staff than the one person in charge of the entire operation, who can barely manage it all. If you don't mind a dive motel-like atmosphere with the shape of a hotel, then definitely book this one. It just might be better to pay an extra $20/night for a better environment.
Rating: 5
Text: Mark at the Front Desk is just GREAT.  Also I made my reservation over the cell, and the reason why is that I had reserved a room for the Comfort Inn and Suites earlier thru Expedia,  and when I showed up after paying online for our room , they were going to charge my card $100.00 "Just in case " the woman at the Front Desk told me .  Well I have been thru that before and 30 days later I might get it back.  So I cancelled there and called Extended Stay America.. I got a room with a kitchen for $20 cheaper.. 
THANK YOU EXTENDED STAY AMERICA
