Extended Stay America - Cincinnati - Springdale - I-275
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was mediocre. The rooms were clean but utensils had to be ordered up. The showerheads were less than powerful. The hotel is located just off the freeway so road noise could be heard through the walls and windows. Additionally, we had to switch rooms because our non-smoking was anything but. Finally, one of the burners on the stove top did not function at all. On the positive side, the staff was friendly and efficient and the hotel was conveniently located.
Rating: 5
Text: Front desk staff was super friendly to me. For the amount I paid, and the expectations of an extended stay hotel, I must say that my room was very clean, and comfortable. I appreciated the recliner and the super soft pillows. I found the bed comfortable, but I also prefer a firm mattress, if you want a pillowtop, then you will pay double what I paid for a hotel. Fridge, stove and microwave were spotless. I only checked in for 1 night because of some previous reviews, but I was more than satisfied, so I extended it to 3 nights.
Rating: 5
Text: I was impressed.  Judging by previous reviews I was concerned.   They had a remodel last year.   Room was clean and the people were nice.  Have no complaints.  Would recommend it.   Only sketchy thing was the road there.  You go by some other chain hotel that looked sketch.   This hotel is tucked in behind the other one.  The city road could use love.   All of which is not Extended Stay America's fault.   Hence the 5 star.
Rating: 4
Text: I really enjoyed staying here! It was quiet and I was able to pray, write and sleep well.  The bed I will second from other reviewers was hard indeed. BUT I slept perfectly fine. I was able to cook my own food just fine in the kitchenette. But the kitchen was not stocked so I am guessing you must request before they stock the kitchen. I also brought my own things to cook and eat off of so I was fine. They have a good selection of channels to watch. The staff was friendly and kind at check in and check out. The place was clean enough but I will second could use a better clean. All in all I enjoyed my time there. It was exactly what a busy writer mama needed to take time for myself, God, and my writing. Thank you!
Rating: 1
Text: Dirtiest hotel I’ve ever stayed in,the room smelled like stale cigarette smoke,the bed appeared to have been cleaned but when I pulled back the sheets and moved the pillows there was hair all over. I went to get new sheets and pillow covers from the front desk,the lady said she’ll have to check to see if it was ever cleaned. Now  I checked in at 10:15 PM.
I returned to the room removed the pillow cases,one had what looked like blood stains and was yellow stained,the other two pillows were stained yellow rings,needless to say I tried to sleep on the recliner which was uncomfortable. My 3 day stay turned into a 7 hour stay. Never again will I stay at this hotel,I’d rather sleep in my truck.
