Extended Stay America Hotel St. Louis - St. Peters
Rating: 2
Text: Not worth $90, but $34 was fair from Priceline Express Deals.  The hotel hallway does smell like weed, that's entirely typical for ESA. But, this location is worse than most.  The tub actually had a working drain plug,  which is unusual for this chain.  The hotel is nice enough if you enjoy having  a range top and full sized fridge.  Ovens are usually only in the two bed suites.  The staff is professional.  Some  locations struggle to have enough dishware or towels,  others are on top of it.  I did not ask for anything.
Rating: 2
Text: Rooms were clean with plenty of space. The cleaning staff were friendly and helpful. The front desk staff, however, were not very helpful at all. Simple things like an extra pillow or complementary dishes (which are included with your stay) took several requests to attain. More than once the front desk staff made promises to call our room when something we needed was available and they forgot, every single time. My party is not fussy or needy in the slightest; but the repeated failures on the part of the front desk staff led us to avoid them altogether and just seek out the cleaning staff when we needed something. I'm give this location 2 stars, solely because of the cleaning staff, who I think ought to be running the place.
Rating: 2
Text: I am trying to be fair in this review, as you can't expect a Ritz Carlton experience at the Extended Stay's rooms rate.  The experience was sweet and sour.  The sweet... Zack in the front desk was professional and friendly.  The sour... all of the others in the front desk not even recognized my presence, no hi, good morning/night... I was totally invisible to them.  The smell in the halls and the room was not pleasant, as seen by the pics the bed and the shower curtains were not clean.  Again, to be fair the room in general was clean (furniture, fridge, kitchen, carpets, wall etc).  I am staying tonight in an Extended Stay America Columbus OH East... all is pristine clean and the smell is good.  I will review it later.
Rating: 1
Text: My parents recently booked this hotel to stay in while coming up to visit me. They made a reservation well ahead of time. The day they showed up for their stay, they were told that that the hotel had moved them to a different location. The front desk said that they had a larger party who wanted to stay for more days, so they decided to bump my parents to their location back by the airport. When my parents asked when they were going to notify them of this change, they responded by saying they were going to start making phone calls soon. They told them this at 6 pm the day of their reservation. After making a three hour drive to the hotel my parents were obviously frustrated, the hotel told offered them no compensation for their inconvenience. Long story short if you are reading this reservations at this location do not guarantee you a room. Do yourself a favor and find a different place to stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Reasonable for the price. Rooms where well kept but somethings could have been cleaner. Staff was very friendly and by far the best part. Would stay again. 
