Extended Stay America - Columbus - Easton
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms are great, nice and clean. It is a good place to stay for the night or even a week or more. They have a stove top burners for cooking. They also have a full size fridge. Some of the other extended stays have a full stove with an oven. They also have pots and pans, silverware and pretty much any cooking supplies you need. They have free grab-and-go breakfast in the mornings. The staff and managers are amazing especially the regional manager.
Rating: 4
Text: My room was clean and smelled fine. I'm pretty picky about upkeep of my home so I notice when things are not quite right. This place is very nice! The staff has been friendly and extremely helpful. Granted, the TV is a bit small and the Wi-Fi is woefully slow but I can accept that.
I've really had no complaints and any small issues I've had were quickly rectified by the staff.
Rating: 1
Text: I had family stay here overnight while visiting Columbus, and I can honestly say that this is one of the most disgusting hotel rooms I have ever seen. The mattress sagged like it was 20 years old, the bedding was yellowed with age, and there were ants in the room. Everything is incredibly dated. There were shady looking people hanging around outside after 10pm, the elevator looks like a good place to be mugged, and it was noisier than a college campus on a Friday night. The worst part was the smell. I cannot possibly describe the disgusting stench that permeated the hallways, but the room reeked like a dumpster, and even having the windows did nothing to help. Sure, it's a little cheaper than some of the other places nearby, but it also leaves you feeling like you need a shower after you leave. Gross.
Rating: 2
Text: Had family in town that stayed here. The whole hotel smelled...gross. The room they had was not in good shape; bed looked worn into the ground, the tiny kitchen was exceedingly dated and the room had a horrid smell that they couldn't get rid of even with open windows. It was just a weird hotel among all the other nice places to stay around Easton. Not the worst I've seen but I would not recommend it. Spend a bit more and stay somewhere else.
Rating: 5
Text: Good staff , they always happy to help. they don't have office room where you can take a print or do some your work. very slow internet speed but you can upgrade by paying something $27 for a month or $7-$10 for a week.over all nice experience.
