Extended Stay America - Cincinnati - Sharonville
Rating: 5
Text: The faculty is more pleasant than most other places.  The room is what you make it.  If it is dirty, it's because you are a slob.  Pet friendly definitely is a bonus .  Clean towels and bedding are usually available during normal hours.  Close to 75 and 275...
Rating: 1
Text: We checked in and went up to our room. Seemed like very nice accommodations for the price, so went to start bringing luggage inside. Wasn't in the room 3 minutes before my ankles were covered in fleas. Went right to the front desk and asked nicely for our money back while we put one of the fleas on the counter. The front desk lady quickly offered us our money back and gave us a receipt. She didn't appear to be surprised. That was on Monday evening. It's now Wednesday morning and my account has been charged without a pending refund. Will now have to dispute the charges or call them again to try and get our refund.
**The refund ended up going though and we didn't have to dispute it.  It did take a few days, though.**
This place also goes by Crossland- Beware!!
Rating: 1
Text: Nope. Just nope. Should be torn down and completely redone. Absolutely no amenities for extended stay guests. I asked housekeeping for a roll of toilet paper and was told I would have to go to front desk and ask because was not my scheduled cleaning day. I stayed there a few weeks and housekeeping never came on scheduled days. They came only when I complained at front desk. You can find much cheaper and cleaner hotels in area. In fact if you slept on the bare ground it would be cleaner than this place. When you check in you are not given info on any of their policies. No kitchen utensils are furnished either. When I went to swap out towels I was given 1 bath towel a few washcloths and e bath mats for 3 people. I could go on and on and on.........
Rating: 1
Text: Where do I begin.  Totally gross.  Trash everywhere outside.   On the steps, walkways,  parking lot.  Arrived in our first room.  Reaked of cigarettes.   Burn holes in the bedding.  Floors were disgusting.  Garbage under the beds and ac unit.  Cleaning staff must be blind.  Asked for a non smoking room, and recieved one in about 20 minutes.  New room was a bit better.  Still, the room was dirty, and had a weird smell.  Bathroom was gross.  Bathtub was dirty.  Floors turned my feet black.  Kitchen area had 0 amenities.   No pots or pans or coffee maker.  Bedding was Staind.  AC did not work properly.   Dead bugs in the plastic door information holders.  Windows had white liquid looking stuff on them.  Glad we spent the entire day out of the room.  Weird people everywhere.  Do not stay here.  Get a better place.  Staff was nice.  You have been warned. 
Rating: 2
Text: There is no pool. Noisy dance club called Cove 51 in front of hotel. It gets loud and vibrates the windows. It doesn't close til 2am. Suppose to have housekeeping but forget it it you have a pet. They skip all rooms with pets. 
