Extended Stay America Dayton - South
Rating: 3
Text: The location of the hotel was in a good area, plenty of shopping and areas to eat. Overall the hotel was okay, it was clean and suitable for a night's stay. The water heater went out while I was there and we weren't noticed until I contacted the front desk.
Rating: 3
Text: I stayed here for 7 days for the 2017 Dayton Airshow and to visit the Air Force museum.

Overall, the experience was satisfactory and the reason why it was only satisfactory was because of the Internet service.

It was dial-up slow. Or close to it.

The room was clean and spacious enough for one person. There was a refrigerator, stove, and sink, which did not have a disposal, so be careful on how you would deal with leftover food. There was a desk large enough for a laptop PC and assorted work related stuff if you needed. The flat screen TV was low resolution so do not expect much, especially if you watch the movie channels.

But the wireless Internet service was just poor. I have a Linux laptop and had no issues with connection, but the speed was pretty much dial-up. Getting a direction map to a local address, Pine Club restaurant for example, would mean you watch the screen load one line per second. That is how poor it is most of the time.

So if you are here for business and if you need true high speed Internet because you need to remote into your work address, I would not recommend this ESA location.
Rating: 3
Text: Not bad--a little spendy but not bad. Cops in the front parking lot when I checked in, but this is Dayton after all. The room itself is pretty clean and has a full size fridge, stove and microwave. Kitchen sink too. Cable was a bit weak, and minor wifi issues. Showtime was good. Biggest concern: room had some little brown spiders that were somewhat aggressive.
Rating: 3
Text: Close to all the needs of the body!
I wasn't used to not having my room cleaned during the week. There were no flat ware, glasses, plates or pots and pans.
Bed was comfortable. Room was clean outside of my living. No real breakfast or space for it.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here overnight while heading home from a family vacation in North Carolina. Since driving for 15 hours straight back to Illinois is out of the question with a 5 month old ( even though the little angel slept pretty much the whole time), we stopped here. I must say that compared to where we stayed on our way TO North Carolina, this was heads and tails above the rest. While it's no 5 star hotel, it's a good place to stay when you're on a budget.
