Extended Stay America Hotel Springfield - South
Rating: 3
Text: I've stayed at Extended Stay Americas before and really enjoyed them. This time, there were not enough towels or pillows in the room. The pillows that were there were flatter than pancakes. The floor was dirty, and there was a stain on the sheets. Can't really complain too much, since the price was low, so I guess you get what you pay for. The service was great, however. Everyone there was super nice.
Rating: 1
Text: Made our reservation around midnight, got there around 4am. Waited for a front desk clerk for at least 45 mins while with our 2 year old, they didn't even have a clean room. Got a room that we didn't book and was much smaller, finally got checked in and moved our bags around 5am. Floors were dirty and stained, toothpaste was on the bathroom sink. Night worker was rude, but daytime workers were nice and made things better. We were planning to stay 2 nights but it wasn't worth it. Ended up getting refund after arguing. Went to a much better hotel the next night. Would not reccomend.
Rating: 4
Text: We came in late. The staff was great. The room was amazing and the beds were extremely comfortable.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is horrible,  would give no stars if possible,  doors slamming all night. Rooms very cheaply built, staff have no clue, oh. And tried to charge me a $250.00 smoking fee for the room, never smoked in my life, spend $20.00 more and stay anyplace else!
Rating: 2
Text: When I stayed at Extended Stay Of America I was literally appalled by what had happened during our syay of over one month. While gone the staff came into our room unannounced and taken a chair. That was prior to what came next. The refrigerator n microwave both quit working. The freezer would but not the bottom. My husband n I both addressed the staff, on all shifts.  Everything in the fridge was ruined.  We tried to salvage what we could but lost even more during the process. Finally after 3-4 days of constant reminders a man by the name of Lance paged their maintenance man n then finally the refrigerator n microwave were both replaced. We went out of town while staying there. Upon arriving  (the room was paid prior to our leaving) to our dismay someone came into our room and helped themselves to "Our" Food/Belongings. I couldn't believe that someone helped themselves to a list of food, spices,  10 lb potatoes,  over a case of soda, Lysol Disenfected Wipes, Personal Hygiene Products. Omg who does this??? Extended Stay Of America does this. I loaned the front desk clerk my "Shark Vacuum Cleaner", I asked so many times for her to bring it back and it never happened  (even upon c/o) I have contacted the office several times trying to speak with the General Mgr Billy and he is unavailable. The employee told the GM that she brought my Shark Vacuum Cleaner back to me. She told him that she knocked several times and even though Noone answered the door,  she said she left it at the door.  Now who leaves a $300 vacuum cleaner in the hall? Huh, Employees at Extended Stay Of America on Kingsley in Springfield,  Mo. Also, who would loan something that expensive iyt to a complete stranger?  I would n did. I'm too trust worthy. Excluding what was written my husband and i enjoyed our stay and just the 2 of us getting away we had a nice stay. However, i do wish thibgs had gone differently. The last thing I wanted to do was to ve writing a Bad review. I'd love to go back and stay if the opportunity arouse but unfortunately it's not worth losing. Anyone and everyone that gets away wants to feel safe and know yoyr belongings are as well. Let's face it, Noone wants to pack up just to leave fir a day or 2. I'm very proud of myself and my husband for remaining calm. But what do u do?? I would of been mire than happy to of purchased food for whoever needed it. There's No reason to take from anyone . What if that was all the food we could of purchased, we would of hone without. I'm disappointed in myself for writing this. But I've managed Hotels n Motels, I want to hear it all regardless of tge situation so I csn address it accordingly and either encourage the blessings or stop the nonsense. I took pride in my business. I've never heard of any business taking food, belongings and personal hygiene products ever. I'm really embarrassed for  Chris, one of the front desk clerks, You could see it in his smile, attitude, tge way he presented himself that he enjoyed being a part of Extended Stay Of America.  He was very professional, ashamed and sincerely  apologetic.  When we checked out, we (my husband and I ) felt the need to have the room inspected by Chris. I kniw in my heart that when we left the room was cleaner when we left,except for vacuuming, tgwt was out of our control. After our stay we felt it would be best. As for the "Shark" I have pictures of my box n still make calls just hoping it will pop up. If soneone else gas had issues such as myself, please let me know.  I don't want to feel all alone.  God Bless each n everyone. I'm not saying yoyr stay will be like ours so try them out. Chris us a pleasure to know. Billy the GM was a pleasure as well. I just don't think he knows how to handle this situation. Someone from The Corporate Office needs  contact me asap. Come on CORPORATE SHOW ME HOW YOU ARE GOING TO RESOLVE MY PROBLEM!! I HAVE A LIST OF EVERYTHING THAT IS MISSING . ALL I WANT US WHAT BELONGS TO US, NOTHING MORE.  I'M NOT ASKING FOR ALOT, JUST WHAT'S MINE
