Extended Stay America - Columbia - Stadium Blvd.
Rating: 1
Text: The remote didn’t work but they brought us a new one. But the cable was atrocious. For $168 a night there should have been a guide and more than 25 channels. Very dissatisfied. 
Then the AC didn’t hardly cool the room. Spent two days at the hospital with my daughter in law and wanted to treat myself to a comfy bed in a nice room and was extremely disappointed. The bathtub looked dirty so I couldn’t take a bath. since I was already naked, I showered but the bathtub didn’t drain well so I stood in my own dirty water while I showered. 
The soap smelled like Lye soap from a century ago. 
The bed was okay I suppose compared to the couch at the hospital but for $168 a night, I would have expected amazing soft comfy sheets opposed to the sandpaper ones we had. 
Will not return or recommend to anyone.
Rating: 2
Text: The employees are nice and the morning coffee isn't half bad. It's in a nice location, near bus stops, shopping, main roads, and a park. However my bathroom had ants in it and the hallway tended to smell (perhaps it was just people cooking). You only get about 15 channels on the TV, most of which aren't labeled properly and there's no physical list as far as I know. My shower is stuck on shower mode (not that I'd take a bath in here). The lock on my door is missing a screw and the others are loose. There's a can of chewing tobacco behind the night stand that isn't mine. Oh and don't bother paying for the faster wifi because it's still incredibly slow. Fairly cheap I guess, but I wouldn't say it's worth it if you really need an extended stay. It says no smoking, but my room currently smells like marijuana and sometimes the bathroom smells like cigarettes, neither of which I do. 
Rating: 4
Text: Efficient and friendly! This hotel is showing it's age a little but it's in a very convenient location and the staff work hard to make your stay pleasant. Plenty of handicapped parking and ramp to entrance but no opener for door. Front desk has staff around the clock to help. Dishes, pans, cutlery, and small appliances available for guest use. Not much noise from guests, but some traffic noise from nearby highway. Located near lots of food and shopping.
Rating: 3
Text: Great first impression. The man at the front desk was very kind and helpful.  Bed wasn't too bad and the room was pretty clean. The tv picture was snowy and not many channels were available.
Rating: 5
Text: The people at the front desk were the friendliest ever. They really helped us as we were getting a room for a couple in need. They made the couple feel welcome and wanted. Very impressed.
