Extended Stay America Hotel Chicago - O'Hare - South
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel check in is pretty swift. Cleanliness overall 4/5, breakfast very minimal with only 3 kinds of muffins, granola bars, onthego oatmeal & coffee/hot chocolate. Kitchen in every room but you need to ask front desk for any utensils. Many good restaurants nearby and a park across the street for families. Target is fairly close too as well as the expressway.
Rating: 1
Text: Booked my room 2 weeks in advance. Called a week before and spoke with someone at the front desk to specify I needed a wheelchair accessible room with a roll in shower 2 beds 1 for my husband and I and the other for my son who is on a motorized wheelchair. 
I get to the hotel and it wasn’t even indicated that I asked for a wheelchair accessible room. Depeche was very nice and gave me a 2 bedroom handicap room but told me I could only have it for 2 nights(I booked for 6) and that I would have to move to a 1 bed room accessible room. How does that even work? I asked for the manager to call me. She never did. Meanwhile I spent my day  taking care of my home that is getting renovated. I checked all over for another hotel and finally found a holiday inn express that had an accessible room for me. I checked out( I’ll admit it was 5 pm). Never heard from the manager but they wanted me to pay for the second night. If anything , for all the inconvenience they should come the night. The room was filthy I had to plug several things in and the beds were very hard.
Rating: 1
Text: This has to be the worst hotel bed I have ever slept on. It feels like a piece of sheet metal with a sheet on it. If you have any degree of back problems you will be in complete agony. I am contacting corporate for a refund...it is impossible to get a good nights sleep here. As you can see from the pictures, the mattress isn't even thicker than the length of my hand. There appears to be some kind of thin horse blanket under the sheets to simulate extra padding...huge fail. Avoid at all costs.
Rating: 5
Text: Due to my career, I spend over 200 nights a year in hotels all across the country.  I have been staying at this Extended Stay for 3 months and I can say with 100% confidence that this location has the best customer service and most genuine employees of any hotel I have ever stayed at.  The rooms are recently renovated and very clean.  The location couldn't be better - several restaurants within a couple block radius, within walking distance of the All State Arena, and a 10 minute drive to the O'hare Airport.  The employees and managers (Amanda and Theresa) truly make this a home away from home!
Rating: 2
Text: TV didn't work right, shower head stayed me with I've cold water, and leaked at the water pipe staying the entire bathroom.  Comfortable bed, quite room, outdated kitchen.  I wouldn't stay here again.  Too much money for what was broken.
