Extended Stay America - Peoria - North
Rating: 1
Text: The staff is very nice.  The hotel is needs updated.  The bathroom fans are extremely loud.  When your neighbors leave theirs on all night you hear it in your room. No insulation in the walls so if your neighbors are talking, laughing, farting or even having sex you hear all of it.  It's dirty!  I cleaned my room before I put anything away.  It's been a long 13 week stay as a travel nurse.  This is my LAST TIME at an Extended Stay!
Rating: 2
Text: Not a bad place. Nice staff! Its just not that clean and its out dated
Rating: 4
Text: Gotta give it 4 stars.  I love everything about the hotel, staff, and room except for the firm mattress.  Other then that 0 complaints. Roomy, clean, right down the road from a grocery store. If you've stayed in extended stay America before you know they provide full kitchen, utensils, and a well kept building. 
Rating: 1
Text: So far not a good experience. We were looking for a part friendly hotel, this is one, BUT we were NOT informed of the pet fee until checking in. I agree with another review, not as clean as I think it should be. Had to have the front desk person come clean the toilet first thing. Not sure if the refrigerator is working right either. NOT a good experience - VERY disappointing!
Rating: 1
Text: This is my second worse experience at this establishment. I was a guest before and the conditions where so horrible after driving from all the way out of town that the hotel gave me a credit for the stay. They insured me that my next stay would be better. After booking another stay, confirming with front desk, hotel management, as well as reservations I arrived again from out of town over a 3 hour drive to have the same exact problems. The room was dirty, fridge gross, and I paid for a king size bed but I received a full size bed for the king size bed price. This hotel should be charging $29.99 per night. Needs to be updated for the price they want. After driving from out of town, having the wrong room, checking out the next day in order to get the room I paid for previously, moving to another room.Still old and needs to be updated. Please do not stay at this hotel. They should be closed down!!!!!!!!
