Extended Stay America Cincinnati - Florence - Turfway Rd.
Rating: 1
Text: Don't stay here. We opened the door and were hit with a disgusting odor. Found pieces of food in microwave, the floor was sticky, and the carpet slimy. It was late and we were exhausted or we would have gone elsewhere. This was a nice place when we stayed here 14 years ago. But now its gross. I don't think they've updated carpet or anything since then.  Just don't even bother. Gross. 
Rating: 3
Text: Very cosy abd helpful staff. close to target and Walmart. We did get a complaint from the people downstairs saying my kids were stomping too loudly.. but other than that it was pretty good.
Rating: 1
Text: Charged for smoking in room. I do not smoke, told front desk clerk two times during stay my room smelt like smoke. Manager said room was filled with smoke when he went to check if room was vacant. No notes in system. Now getting charged 265 dollars because manager said there was physical smoke in room. Manager suggested having front desk clerk go up to room and check room prior to checking out, to ensure no extra charges. Manager says i was smoking, employee i talked to twice did not enter notes into system  so now i get charged for someones incompetance. Manager told me no one went into my profile while i was there, asked for proof he told me that is private information. Asked me who i spoke to and he would check with front desk clerk that day and see what we had a conversation about. Reservation was 25 days ago, but they will remember what they talked about. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!MANAGER IS A CROOK, STAY AT THE COMFORT INN TWO MINUTES AWAY OR THE HOLIDAY INN!!!! 
Rating: 5
Text: Was quick and easy to register, rooms were nice. Staff was friendly. Would recommend!!!
Rating: 5
Text: This was a very nice hotel. Especially with the kitchen, we were able to save money by eating in. The only down side is no pool and no bathtub plug so my children had to take showers. Very clean and also very friendly staff.
