Extended Stay America - Chicago - Midway
Rating: 1
Text: I was staying at this location ONLY TO ENCOUNTER BED BUGS. The Manager Diona was very rude and snooty. Yes I got a full refund BUT I should have gotten a complimentary night as well. We had to get up at 1 am to go to another room. That was the First inconvenience. The second one was that they put us in a non smoking room and we're both smokers and the room we were in was smoking. Then we get to the second room and I guess the wiring is bad because I flipped one switch and all the power to the room went out. Do not stay at this location!!!! Check the sheets because they tend to be yellow. Overall poor customer service and I will not stay here again
Rating: 3
Text: Just about the only hotel that has a reasonable pet fee. We have a cat. Room was nothing special. We only stayed one night, but if we didn't have a cat this would not have been our first or even third choice. Takes about an hour to get to the bean even though it's right in the city. Your better finding something outside the city that'll out you in the freeway quicker to make it into the city faster.
Rating: 2
Text: Seedy extended stay hotel. Room looks well lived in and worn.The cleanliness was below par. Kitchenette had brown stains running down wall and all room furniture and kitchen were covered in a greasy film like the place had not been cleaned in years. The linoleum was clean in center walking areas but black build up and grime was all along edges of floor. Carpet edges were thick with dust build up. Black grime covered telephone, light switches, toilet paper holder and door knobs. Luckily I came prepared with cleaning wipes and gloves.
Had to request towels, hair dryer, and coffee maker at front desk. Other rooms carried hair dryer and coffee maker but not mine.
When I went to front desk for fresh towels a manager inquired as to how my stay was. I mentioned to him that the room was not clean. He had room service clean again, but they just didn't get it cleaned. I appreciate his efforts but the room needs a good scrub.
Stairwells smell of cigarette smoke and  guests hanging out in stairwells at night rather than passing through. 
Close to shopping but hotel is behind a carwash and in an industrial area. There's a  warehouse with semi trucks and a small creek or waterway at the back of hotel. Not an attractive looking location.
Price was cheap, employees were nice. Beds were comfortable. 

Rating: 5
Text: I would recommend this place to everybody the staff the managers and even the people that stay in Extended Stay of America are very nice I would definitely come back again.
Rating: 5
Text: My family and myself arrived into town before check in. Because we drove 12 hours and was in town for a funeral the front desk and management was very nice and understanding they were happy to check us in early. The room was very clean and quite. Will definitely come back when I'm in town. Really love it....
