Extended Stay America Hotel Des Moines - Urbandale
Rating: 1
Text: I've been staying in Extended Stay America hotels between projects over the last 2 years. And these places have really gone down the tubes! This chain of "hotels" gives the impression you're staying in business class style rooms. The truth is, you end up at "Do Drop Inn" with every kind of skid row loser shacking up long-term. 

From prostitution, drug use, shady and shaky looking individuals hanging out, filthy facilities, wifi speeds are close to dial-up (Download - 0.7Mbps, Upload - 0.4Mbps) and is so bad, it freezes. 
You're better off using your own mobile hotspot. 

Over the last 2 weeks, I've been at the one located in Urbandale, IA. This is the straw that broke my camel's back. NO MORE! 

When I first arrived, I noticed the middle of the floor sunk in towards the middle of the room. The person staying above was having WWE matches every night and had to be thrown out. The next stayer brought a hyper DOG and they tussled until I had to call front desk to make them be quiet. The following day, my room even SMELLED of DOG! It's been a total nightmare. I'm sure, the only people who would DARE have a problem with my comments on the dog are the type to kiss them in the mouth and sleep with them, I'm sure. 

I cut my stay short and checked in elsewhere. I won't be "extending" another night.
Rating: 4
Text: I've been staying at this hotel while in Des Moines for work. I'd previously been placed at a complete dump of a hotel, so this review might be a bit biased. For an extended stay hotel, this place is pretty nice. The rooms are a decent size and pretty clean, but I wish there were more outlets available. There are two office chairs and a recliner for seating and two small tables in each room. Dishes don't come stored in the kitchenettes - - you have to request them - - but they are free of charge, and you can also get small appliances upon request (I've got a toaster in my room right now). The breakfast isn't anything special: coffee and cocoa, instant oatmeal, muffins, and granola bars. So far the staff has been great. The guy who checked in me and my co-workers was quite friendly and accommodating. He offered to compile a list for our group so we'd know each other's room numbers, and also made sure randos won't be able to ask what rooms we're in, which I found reassuring. In regards to location, it's not too bad. It's just off the highway but far enough away that it's not too noisy. There's not much within walking distance, but there are some shops and restaurants just a short drive away. I wouldn't exactly book my honeymoon here, but I'm fine with staying here for a few weeks while I'm working.
Rating: 1
Text: This is the second-most disgusting hotel I have ever been in. I say "been in" because I did not stay. I checked out less than an hour after my arrival and demanded a full refund for a seven-night stay. (Extended Stay's charge for the entire stay at check-in rather than check-out.) I requested a top floor when reservation was made and was given first floor. The front desk clerk moved me to the top floor. Was on interstate side and very, very loud. Windows should be double-paned. The room was not cleaned well and the hallways were full of used towels and dirty sheets from previous night's guests. (This was at 5pm.) Went to FD and asked for other side. Was given a room on parking lot side. That one was even filthier. Food on floor and counters, windows grimy, stains and food(?) all over couch and tables, balls of black dog fur all over carpet, and bathroom mirror not cleaned. (Last guest's floss leavings, spatters, and who-knows-what all over it.) So it made me wonder what else was missed in the bathroom. It smelled like stale cigarettes and WAS NOT "recently renovated" as internet site states. I thought to clean to make it bearable, but no drain-stops for sinks. Went to FD and told there was not a way to fill sinks as past guests had purposely flooded out rooms. Not having a sink to fill to be able to clean, I stood in the middle of the room not wanting to touch anything. I then made a reservation somewhere else and left. Once at the new hotel, I took a scalding hot shower to wash away the horrible experience. If you are a person who has standards of cleanliness, have self-respect and self-dignity - don't stay at this nightmare of a hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: I have been here a week so far and have found my favorite person, her name is Melissa, if i have had any issues i have brought them to her attention and she has been able to take care of it for me, so i am excited to jave such a wonderful person here
Rating: 4
Text: Would have treated better if it had a pool and fitness room. Rooms are clean and staff are nice.
