Extended Stay America Detroit - Ann Arbor - University South
Rating: 2
Text: Front desk staff is wonderful!!!
Cleanliness is awful!
Had to clean the place when we moved in for our one month stay. Floors were filthy. I wiped out the cupboards, fridge and microwave. 1980's Merrilat cupboards. Old stove. The laundry room was the worst ever!! SO DIRTY.
If you stay at the Ann Arbor location, good luck!
Rating: 1
Text: Bed bugs!!!! Bed bugs everywhere in the room! My family of 4 reserved a room for a month ad we moved into the Ann Arbor area. My husband notified the front desk of the bed bugs in the room. They didnt do much about it and told us to stay in the room another night with the bugs and the next day they would move us to a new room. We were moved but told that we had to only bring necessary things and the exterminator would be there to get rid of them.. fast forward a WEEK and nothing had been done! Living with just the clothes on your back for a week while your paying almost $100 a night. What a joke! Also the new room as bed bugs too.
Rating: 1
Text: The place was trashy. There was literally trash under the bed and behind the furniture. There were bulbs burned out and light covers missing. The dresser was missing a drawer. The broken hardware was inside the cavity. We had to ask for dishes 3 times and still didn't get a complete set. The furniture was all cheap pressed board and laminate. At least the freezer stayed cold. We were able to make ice. There were no bed bugs. I can't think of anything else good I can say about the place. 
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed there nearly 45 days. Bedbugs are real. We met them 4 times. Especially after they cleaned the room. So, we not except them after second week and used chemicals for bedbugs, washed towels and bed sheets etc with our own detergant. My two year old and husband were bitten. We met them not only on the bed also coach and the table. We wrote this in the survey that gave us for housekeeping but no one asked anything about that. Maybe the guy we gave the survey not inform everybody about that.
The reward program is fabulous. The front desk always helped us when we asked for something. The room we stayed was large enough and having kitchen was important for us. If you planning to stay long like us it
worths.
There two Extended Stay hotels in that area. The one we stayed is in Boardwalk Dr. It is very close to the bus stops, 6, 62 and 24. In nearly 10min time one can reach downtown/Michigan Union/Ford School/ Ross School of Business. Very close to restaurants and Briarwood Mall. We liked the area as well. There is an Hertz office in Hotel Sheraton if one want to hire a car as we did.
Rating: 1
Text: DONT STAY THERE Our home is infested with bed bugs because my son who is staying here came to visit after spending 2 nights there....hotel staff won't clean his room or his infested luggage.  They do however ignore the situation.  They also want no liability for having a pest control company clean my home.  

The corporate office has done nothing to help his or my situation....just ignore and say that the person to talk to is not available. 
