Extended Stay America - Lexington - Nicholasville Road
Rating: 2
Text: Had a pleasent stay for 2 nights while my crew worked on a few stores. Right off The highway so you could hear it all night long if on the highway side. Overall it was a place to stay, the beds were above average while the pillows and blankets not so much. The pillows have that typical cheap uncomfortable feeling. The whole place had clear signs of wear and tear while the bathroom looked semi updated. The door locking mechanism was a pain had to really pull or push on the door to get it lock correctly. Was that way on all three of the rooms we had.  The last thing about the place which was the more concerning is the breaking into of the cars. The morning we left there was clear signs that one of vehicles was attempted to be broken into. The parking lot seemed lit enough but clearly was not a deterrent. I would recommend not leaving valuables in the car if you stay here.
Rating: 4
Text: A friend visited and I was impressed with the room. I have traveled extensively throughout the world and have stayed at many 3 to 4 star hotels. I can honestly state that the room was very modern, clean and somewhat elegant. The hotel offers excellent quality at bargain rates. I will definitely stay at an extended stay hotel in my upcoming travels.
Rating: 1
Text: The room was not clean .... Even the paper sign on the bed detailing it was clean was dirty.  The kitchen was empty .... No coffee pot or anything else (and these things were listed on the amenities).  The door to the outside was bent and did not shut properly.  Overall it was not clean and did not feel safe.
Rating: 4
Text: For a sudden plan to go to KY for the weekend with my dog, this place was the first hotel that popped up on google. It was in a nice area, the front desk staff was amazing! (I didn't catch, the lady who checked me in, her name, but props! The room was nice, cold because the air was set on 60. (Not that I'm complaining. I like the cold.) The only complaint I have is that the "neighbors" don't care much about what time it is. Whoever was in the room next to me was blaring the music so loud, I could hear it clearly through my headphones at 12am. Other than that, it was a decent little get away hotel. (It was just for one night. I drove back home this morning.)
Rating: 4
Text: Good price in Good location. Was OK on overall  amenities.
