Fairfield Inn by Marriott Kalamazoo West
Rating: 4
Text: Overall, the hotel was nice.. The room was fairly large, with a King bed, a large pull out couch, and a roll away bed. The room was very clean & comfortable, & the staff was very friendly and courteous. Unfortunately, the pool was not as great... We took our son down to swim at around 9:30 pm (the pool closed at 11), and we were out of the pool & back in our room by 9:35 pm! The water was freezing cold, which wasn't a huge deal. The main problem was the chlorine (or whatever the chemicals are that they use in the pool). Upon walking in to the pool area, our eyes immediately started to burn & water. We decided to give it a try anyway because our 8-yr-old really wanted to swim. Unfortunately, it was even worse once we were in the water. Unfortunately, the combination of the cold water & the excessive chemicals made it too unbearable to swim in.
Rating: 1
Text: Poor experience at hotel. Reserved King Bed room with shower and tub, arrived to find shower only in room. Called down to front desk to ask for a new room and was told no tubs in entire hotel after renovations earlier in the year even though web site still said rooms had tubs. Turns out the 2 Queen rooms do have tubs.  

When I asked for the hotel to honor their Fairfield Inn 100% Guarantee they refused, just blew me off.  I had to write Marriott Corporate who did honor the guarantee. 

I would not recommend this hotel for anyone who believes Marriott means quality and standing by your guarantee.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was nice. It's currently undergoing renovations but they are mostly unobtrusive. The breakfast spread is much nicer than I was expecting! Omelets, bacon, toast, fresh fruit, etc available on a buffet. Not a standard continental breakfast by any means. Would stay again if I stop there.
Rating: 3
Text: The place was clean enough and conveniently located. I stayed here a few years ago, and I remember it being nicer. We came back from a wedding and there was no parking available. We had to park in a different lot and hope we wouldnt get towed.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean and the shower was a nice glass door style shower. The breakfast was ok. It's a convenient place right off the highway with a Cracker Barrel right next to it. There are also multiple fast food places within 2 miles.
