Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ottawa Starved Rock Area
Rating: 4
Text: Had been on the road for a week, this was the last hotel. Rooms were clean, had a fridge, and the ac worked great. The cable was OK, nothing great. The staff was very nice and accommodating and the breakfast was the best I had had all week
Rating: 3
Text: Perhaps I'm being picky (it is Ottawa, not NYC) but it's my opinion based off my experiences.

Rooms are small.  Step in, pass bathroom, trip over bed.  It has a fridge which is nice and the amenities exist (which is as much as I can say of the swimming pool I could step over and the fitness center with two treadmills) but for the most part I don't think I would stay again.  It's twice as expensive as the Super 8 (literally next door) and not much nicer.

I will say...I appreciated a warm breakfast.  I'd say that bumps it to three stars.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice rooms. Great staff. Cookies in the evening and breakfast in the morning were a nice treat. The pool was small and I think they overchlorinated it, but it was otherwise fine. I would stay there again.
Rating: 1
Text: Wish that I could give zero stars. I'm doing a slow burn here. Just received a call three hours before check in that my reservation was cancelled. Had made this reservation over four months ago and since then my credit card was updated. I told them that I could give them the new number but they said that the hotel was overbooked and no rooms available. I am never staying at a Marriott again and especially beware of this location.
To make matters worse,  my son's reservation was also cancelled. Same day. He didn't find out until he arrived. They said they overbooked by eight rooms and had the right to cancel whoever they wanted. The entire family is fuming. Marriott was the focus of our conversation with all the guests at the wedding. I will never forget this experience and make a promise to tell everyone that I know. This was the worst customer service that I have ever experienced. As a matter of fact, it is the only bad customer service in my life. 
Beware of this location. You really don't know if you have a room even with a confirmed reservation until you show up.
Rating: 4
Text: The service was very good. We had a screaming baby next door and we requested to be moved (we came in late and wanted sleep) and the were able to accommodate us. Definitely made us feel welcomed and important. We did have a few issues. The previous room had a weird smell to it. The our new room''s closet door was also off its slider, but it still worked fine. Hopefully the decor gets a little update, but the service was great!
