Fairfield Inn & Suites Chicago Downtown/Magnificent Mile
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms were clean and obviously recently updated.  Decor was nice. 

Our room was quite small, however - particularly, the bathroom.  Our TV and refrigerator did not work - we reported to the desk but no one came. Discovered the power strip was unplugged behind the credenza - unfortunately, we had put beverages in the refrigerator expecting cold drinks when we returned to the room. 

We asked for an adjustment on our bill and was told it would be reported to a supervisor. No adjustment was made.
Rating: 5
Text: Modern, clean and great staff. Great experience, no carpet which I loved. Our sink was a little slow draining and they were to our room in 5 minutes. Beautiful innovated room decor and good complimentary breakfast. Def will visit again. No pool but good exercise room and walking distance to lake fine dining and 24hr stores.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed here for a week while visiting Chicago. The rooms are great! Clean, spacious, and come with nice amenities. The staff is also helpful. They are friendly and give good directions or recommendations.
Rating: 4
Text: Overall, this hotel is just okay, but its main redeeming quality is the location. The hotel is right in the heart of Chicago, walking distance from the Magnificent Mile, Navy Pier, and Millennium Park. The rooms were nice and clean, with adequate space and well-functioning a/c. A little dimly lit at night. My main gripe is that the rooms are not very sound-proof so I could hear the neighbors clearly, and they were very loud. The complimentary breakfast was good, but nothing special. Bagels, oatmeal, diy waffles, eggs, sausage/bacon, and fruit. I was kind of bothered by the fact that the hotel only used disposable plates/utensils. Not only does it feel cheap, but it's also terrible for the environment. In general, all of the hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, which allowed for a pleasant experience.
Rating: 3
Text: I really like Marriott properties. This is a nice, no frills hotel with generously sized rooms. It could have been cleaned when I checked into my room, which clearly needed to be vacuumed. Also, when I was overloaded with luggage walking into the hotel, the valet and another employee-maybe the bellman?-were chatting and did not help me with the door or ask me if I needed assistance. So, three stars and won't stay at this particular property again.
