Fairgreens Country Cabins
Rating: 2
Text: I rented a cabin # A for 2 nights and after the 1st night we decided to leave. The cabin is up a hill and the road is absolutely very dangerous to try and get up. You will definitely need 4 wheel drive. You will fight cobwebs as you walk thru the door, the floors were not swept, the bathroom not cleaned properly and the cabinets has spider webs with bugs caught in them. The owner said no one has rented the cabin for a while so they assumed it was clean. I would think anyone who has any idea of country living knows what happens when a house is unoccupied for a while. I would report the place to the health department in all honesty because this cabin is rented to the public and should be maintained properly. When the owners rent the space out it is considered a business and should be treated as such. I WOULD NEVER EVER suggest this property to anyone.
Rating: 5
Text: This little cabin was absolutely perfect for a weekend getaway for me and the hubby.  It was clean and fully equipped with everything we needed.  The hot tub was big, clean and very nice.  The cabin we stayed in was very secluded, private and had a nice fire pit off the back porch from the hot tub.  The road getting to it may be a little rough for some cars but we were in a truck and had no problem.  We saw a total of only 2 bugs in the cabin which was surprising being that it was in a very woodsy area.  I am a pretty picky person and this cabin exceeded my expectations.  We hope to make this an annual getaway.  Price as shown on their website was correct and very fair.  Had no problems with cell service (AT&T) or Wifi.  If you are expecting a Marriott or Hilton then NO, probably not for you.  If you are just wanting a quiet log cabin getaway in the woods that is clean, comfortable, and relaxing, this is your spot.
Rating: 5
Text: I rented cabin f as an early Christmas surprise for my bf. We just had a baby girl on November 2nd. He had been so wonderful through my pregnancy & labor and is such an amazing father that he deserved something special. I thought a secluded cabin with a hot tub would be romantic and intimate. And it was!!!! I brought some yummy sushi and wine. We enjoyed a quiet dinner by the warm fire place. Then hit the hot tub for some relaxation. Cabin f is the last cabin and is super secluded. We were surrounded by woods and nature. It was so cold out last night but felt so warm while in the hot tub. It was beautiful looking up at the moon and stars while surrounded by trees! The steam from the tub rising while we held each other and enjoyed some music and wine. Little did I know at the time that he had a surprise for me. Later in the night he pulled out a ring, got down on one knee and asked me to marry him!!!! A perfect end to a perfect day! Now this cabin is a part of our story and will always be remembered fondly. 

Also want to add that it was clean and well stocked. Has everything you need to make dinner if u want to bring groceries. Everything that you would find in your own kitchen at home even spices, utensils, plates, pots and pans, etc. Satellite TV with lots of channels and WiFi. You can build a fire out back. There is a nice little porch in the back where the hot tub is located with a grill and chairs. The owner Joyce is very nice and accommodating.

We are already planning to go back with the kids when the weather gets warm. Can't wait to have them their making smores by the bomb fire! A great place for making memories.  I live in jackson so it's located only a few miles from my house. But you feel so far away when you are sourounded with such beauty and solitude.
Rating: 1
Text: I wish I could give a minus star.
Cabins were dirty with stink bugs, spider webs and musty smell throughout. Very old and out dated furniture. My family rented 4 cabins
we all were extremely disappointed.  WiFi 
didn't work! Would not stay there ever again. 
Web site price is not right.
Rating: 5
Text: 
