Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Lincoln Southeast
Rating: 4
Text: I would have given this Marriott five stars if not for the parking situation. The hotel was spotless, beautifully decorated, and comfortable. The service was outstanding. Everyone was personable. Good overall experience. Unfortunately, three large pick-up trucks with long trailers took up at least 20 spots. People were parked along the curbs, and there was literally nothing left. As an elite reward member, I find that unacceptable. I parked across the street at the Dairy Queen and hoped I wouldn't be towed (I wasn't). There's a Sam's Club across the street. Why not ask oversized vehicles to park over there? That, however, is my only complaint. It's a big one, but it's my only one.
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed at this hotel in July. The room was booked for us by the bride's family for a wedding my husband was officiating. They said they couldn't find the reservation when we got there, so we had to book our own room. Then the bride's mother called to fix it and pay for our room, and they still ended up charging us for the room and completely messing up that part of it. 

Then, I left my baby monitor in the room when we left that next morning. I called that same day, they found my monitor, and told me they'd leave it in the office for me to pick up. I came back a couple weeks later to get it, and they couldn't find it. After weeks now of back and forth, calling, sending pictures of the missing item, they still can't find it and are refusing to replace it. Even though multiple employees have said they remember seeing it in the office. So it was lost or stolen by an employee and they still will not replace it. 

I do not recommend this hotel at all.
Rating: 4
Text: The service was outstanding especially in the breakfast area. The rooms were clean and neat although they seemed a little compact. The location was easy to find. The amenities in the room seemed nice.
Rating: 5
Text: Room is very clean and bed is comfy. The staff is nice and helpful and will do what they can to make your stay comfortable. Parking can sometimes be hard to find and the pool is fairly small but overall it's a very nice looking hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: This was our first experience with a Fairield Inn, and it was wonderfully positive. As is expected, as a Marriott property, the service was terrific, but I wouldn't know if the size of our room was considered standard for the franchise. Our room was huge! It was a very pleasant stay with wonderful hospitality. We would recommend it very highly.
