Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Ames
Rating: 2
Text: The local gymnastic competition participants were "practicing" in the hallway right outside our door, which didn't lend to a peaceful stay, and continued for several days. I would agree with another reviewer in that sleep is everything, and this hotel lacks sufficient soundproofing to offer a reasonably comfortable stay.  Sorry to say, I feel I'm being generous with two stars, because if one wouldn't stay again (as is our case) a hotel should really only rate a one.
Rating: 3
Text: Pros - Room clean and tidy. Room fresh and bright. Nice fridge and microwave in room. Breakfast area nice and bright. Breakfast better than most. Lots of variety, space, and clean. Front desk staff very friendly.

Cons -  Very poor quality lounge chair in room. Elevator seems undersized for hotel. Hallways are noisy. Beds are fairly hard. Rooms not very sound proof. Sleep is everything when traveling. Because of the noise penetration, can only give 3*
Rating: 4
Text: Nice stay. Quiet place. Breakfast was a under par but thats to be expected
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel is near I35 and there are other hotels in this area but it is still a bit of a drive to get to the college or downtown. Being a small town this doesn't take long but this hotel and the other ones in this area are not what I would consider in town. The room itself was ok. I like fairfield because everyone I have been at has nice tall showers you can stand under not be at eye level with and this one did as well. The beds were very tall, I'm not a short person and the were at my waist. The could have been a bit more comfortable as the were a little on the firm side. I also felt the pillows fell a little flat as well. It was a clean room though with no funny smells. Breakfast was fairly decent they had a good selection of fresh fruit, baked goods, and eggs. I am a Marriott rewards member so for that I might stay here again, but honestly if not for that I would probably look for another with a better bed for my taste.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice hotel. The pool area was a little small but nice. The breakfast was good with multiple hot food options.
