Fairfield Inn by Marriott Manhattan
Rating: 4
Text: It's basically you're average hotel, but that does not mean it isn't a nice hotel. There's an open lounge area in the lobby for their guests. My friends were down there at 4 in the morning playing cards! It was a lot of fun. There are restrooms nearby that anyone can access. The rooms have microwaves, a mini fridge, flat screen TV with cable. The staff are friendly and will take care of you. To sum it all up, I would say it's efficient and well thought out.
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed here two nights over Memorial Day weekend, 2017. My brother-in-law hooked my wife and I up with a room with a single King size bed. The room was tidy, and pretty standard all around, the bed was comfortable. Probably could have used a few extra outlets for charging portable devices though. The breakfast was a little bit above average for a continental breakfast, they had a waffle maker that was pretty nice, though the line for it was a bit long considering how long it takes to make s waffle. A second maker would have really helped during peak times. The swimming pool and hot tub area suffered though. The pool is only 5 feet deep in the deepest part, which is only about 6 inches wide. Otherwise it's a ramp up to 3 ft deep for the other half of the pool. The surface inside the pool is scratchy, and will result in scrapes if you misjudge the depth. The pool room is air conditioned for dinner reason, so getting out of the pool results in being very cold very quickly. The hot tub was lukewarm. I spoke with the host who contacted maintenance about it, but was not resolved until several hours later as my family and I were leaving the area for the second time that day. There's a sunbathing area near the pool which is kinda nice to have, but the chairs are obviously pretty old and discoloring from age. The privacy fence between it and the parking lot offers little in the way of privacy. The host in reception was courteous and helpful each time I had a question. All in all, the hotel was pretty average, but the amenities are kinda if in need of a facelift.
Rating: 5
Text: stayed only one night, so didn't have to deal with room service. check in was quick and easy, and the rooms were nice. Ordered pizza and everything went smoothly. overall positive experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome staff! Hotel lobby is newly renovated as is the breakfast space. Great place to stay when visiting MHK!
Rating: 4
Text: Alright they had some construction in the lobby harrowing at the time of my visit, they kept everything they fire guests. The front desk person on duty greeted everyone as they walked in and made sure i knew exactly which rooms my bride and groom were in and the quickest way to get to them. Only didn't give it 5 stars because I didn't stay overnight so I can't rate or review their night time and early morning service/experience.
