Fairfield Inn by Marriott Springfield
Rating: 3
Text: What makes this hotel great is the location. Walking distance from big box shopping, great local food options, you name it. The hotel itself is very basic, but gets the job done. I'd stay here again if I could get the best room they offer.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel was good, very good location as it's close to everything you could need (food, market, etc). Breakfast was above average for sure, most hotels don't impress when it comes to free breakfast but this one was definitely fine and had a large selection. Staff is clearly very well trained but they were sometimes a little too unnaturally nice. Overall the rooms were good, I would recommend bringing your own pillow though. Pleasant experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Looks like a new building. Extremely clean room and dining area. Front desk personnel very pleasant. First time to Springfield, but if I ever come this way again, this is where I will lay my head. Plenty of shopping and eateries nearby, many within walking distance.
Rating: 4
Text: Considering the number of Fairfield Inns that I've stayed in, I found this locations bed to be uncomfortable. A first for a Marriott as it's their beds that have kept me coming to other Marriott locations. This locations breakfast was one of the poorest presentations. Oatmeal was not made fresh each day but rather held over until it was gone and when it was gone ~ that was it. Ran out of milk, creamers ... It was like they weren't getting restocked ... And at Christmas too. I think at another time we'll look into a Air B&B if we're staying for a week or more. On the up side, pool and hot tub were welcoming.
Rating: 5
Text: Great Experience.  I've been staying at the Fairfield Inn off and on over the last few months.  I've really enjoyed the experience.  Everyone that I've met has been extremely friendly and helpful.  From breakfast in the morning (thanks Erma) to when i head in in the evenings (thanks Jeremy and team), I always know they have me covered.
