Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Washington Court House Jeffersonville
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful hotel. Not the usual for our area. Great design fit and function. Definitely blown away. Will update after breakfast.
Rating: 4
Text: Newer (4 years) Fairfield property represents everything the brand has to offer. Half-decent breakfast, clean rooms, and modern amenities. Plus, it's the only Marriott property for miles, and it's eight up the street from a Starbucks. Will definitely stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: I am one of the regulars at the hotel. I like the hotel so far until a very bad experience this past week so I absolutely need to post this feedback.  I had found a giant fly in a bathroom along with strong food spice odor(very bad)!!!. Asked two front desk staffs to look into these issues. I were told to be contacted to follow up. Never heard anything back. Then the last night of my stay, I found an ant in the bath room! This would have meant they never did anything to address the hotel room hygiene and cleanliness. 

I saw the same front desk lady who had said she would give me an update but never did when I checked out today. While I am still upset, she looked at me as if nothing happen. Unbelievable. Very disappointing!!!
Rating: 1
Text: Booked a king suite with sofa sleeper for daughters. It was the most disgusting upholstery, absolutely filthy. Went to front desk and asked for a different room. Second room sofa was just as filthy. We found accommodations next door. How they can say they have never heard of their sofas being completely soiled is simply unbelievable. We booked through Expedia and may not get a refund on top of this. Very unfortunate as their reviews and pictures looked great but the sofas certainly did not.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice decor, friendly down-to-earth staff, decent small fitness room (big enough, not a closet, didn't smell), pool area was nice, room was well kept, & the TV had an actual digital guide to see what was on (a simple & oft unavailable feature). There is a Starbucks close enough to make this my choice next time, too. ...There is also an outlet mall a half mile away, if that is your thing.
