Fairfield Inn by Marriott Kokomo
Rating: 4
Text: Front desk was very friendly and helpful. For whatever reason our reservation wasn't in the computer correctly but she was very understanding and professional and fixed it for us without any fuss at all. The room was big enough and very clean. We Stadium king suite with a sleeper sofa and the five of us we're plenty comfortable. (2 adults, 3 kids) We would definitely stay again.
Rating: 2
Text: DISAPPOINTING.  I travel a decent amount and this was one of the more disappointing experiences that I've had at a hotel.  I was told that since they didn't have a fitness center in the hotel that I had complimentary use of the local 24 hour fitness, gym.  In the morning as I was leaving to go to the gym, I stopped by the front desk to ask about how to let them know I was from the hotel, and the clerk informed me that the contract had.expired.  Breakfast had fake eggs.  Shower didn't drain, so I was standing in 3 inches of water.  Soft water in shower made me feel like I was still soapy.  Pool is a glorified bathtub.  Finishes need updating.  Overall, NOT worth $135 price tag.  Courtyard Marriott down the road is a much better experience.   
Rating: 2
Text: Very disappointed. Hotel needs work. As Platinum members we asked for an upgrade. Clerk tried a couple of times but with no apology said the computer wouldn't let her do that. Shower was lukewarm the first morning. Breakfast area had unsteady tables that needed replaced. Then housekeeping did not even show up to our room that day. We reported it but there didn't seem to be much concern about it. We won't go back there.
Rating: 4
Text: I was in fairfield inn for 1 month & it was pretty good experience . 

- Front desk & hotel staff was very helpful .
- Breakfast was good .
- No complaint about cleanliness  .

Would recommend it for sure :)
Rating: 2
Text: Between several colleagues: rooms not cleaned well, one room had broken toilet. Asked to be fixed several times throughout the day, but was not fixed until the next day. One colleague's room smelt like smoke, so they moved to a new room. Another colleague arrived later and was also put in the same smoke smelling room! Was also able to change rooms though. Staff is friendly, breakfast is small but ok. Plenty of parking, close to all notable areas nearby. No on site gym, but free gym access to fitness center down the road. Indoor swimming pool is very small but nice enough. 
