Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Dayton South
Rating: 4
Text: Staffs, front desk and breakfast - everyone is friendly and very helpful. I like the effort that they put in to keep breakfast area clean. Also, little inspiring words written on each banana skin - wonderful way to connect with guests. 

Quiet rooms indeed. 

I would give 5 star to rooms had it been Central quieter AC rather than the noisier room mounted system.
Rating: 3
Text: First off, location is perfect for business travelers looking for a nice hotel at a cheap rate. Ideally located off I-675 and 2 miles from I-75. Close to shopping and several restaurants. 
Rooms themselves are nice and comfortable. Walls are thick enough to where you don't hear the foot traffic in the hallways or the guests in the next room. Windows are thick enough to where I never heard the traffic outside. An issue for some guests with the room is the AC/Heat unit was constantly running so there was some room noise. Not a huge deal since I slept right through it. Wi-Fi was fast enough to where I could connect to my employee network.  
The gym was adequate and used the two days that I was there. Thankful that it was available whenever I needed it. 
Breakfast in the morning had a good variety and there was plenty of enough to eat. Good way to start my business day on a full stomach.
Staff very pleasant and professional. Easy check in and check out. 
The only complaint is the general cleanliness of the hotel hallways and elevator. Stayed 3 days/2 nights and it appeared that carpeted hallways/carpeted elevator were never vacuumed. Also, a broom was left in the hallway across my room for several hours in the evening. Was there I got to my room at 4pm, still there at 7pm, and finally was gone when I woke up the next morning at 7am. 
Will recommend this hotel to a business travel needing a place to stay. Hopefully, the cleanliness issues in the common areas can be corrected.
Rating: 5
Text: Office clerk was extremely kind and generous. She even came to our rooms and ask if she could help us with anything. Beds are extremely comfortable and hotel was clean and had many different things to do, they even had the toilet paper rolls folded. Quite fancy. I definitely would be comfortable with recommending Fairfield to my family amd friends. Hate to leave but it was a pleasant stay.
Rating: 5
Text: I have family in the area, so I stay at this particular Fairfield Inn a couple times a year. The accommodations are clean and well maintained. They offer a very nice breakfast in the lobby area every morning. The staff goes out of their way to make sure you are well taken care of. I can't say I've ever had a bad visit here.
Rating: 5
Text: Budget hotel option yet Marriott quality. Breakfast included plus indoor pool & spa with bubbles! Great family meeting place as we did for my mother's Memorial Service weekend, especially nice for all out-of-town relatives to stay one location. This made gathering for Friday evening pizza dinner or dessert together on Saturday night so much easier. The breakfast area was perfect for both!!
