Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Beloit
Rating: 4
Text: When looking up hotels in the area, this one was rated fairly low. However I thought it was actually pretty impressive. Clean spacious king sweet and a 24 hour pool and hot tub made it a win for me
Rating: 1
Text: The only redeeming factor was the guy at the front desk. Our 2 room king suite advertised to sleep 5 was one room with a half wall that barely slept 4. We requested a rollaway bed and had to move furniture to find a place to put it. Then we kept tripping over it because it stuck out into the middle of the room. We only had 3 towels for a room that supposedly slept 5. We asked for a bigger room and were told by the manager that a king bed sleeps 3, so we now have space for 6, it should be fine. He said we were in the biggest room they have.

The first morning our toilet clogged. Three hours and 4 phone calls later, it still wasn't fixed. Got a call from the front desk that they had a bigger room for us... Not sure how this suddenly existed, but we'll take it. We are now in a 2 room queen suite... Still only 1 room, but at least it's bigger with 2 beds. Walking past our old room a couple hours later, maintenance is finally in there and I overhear them complaining about how disgusting the toilet is. Well it wouldn't have been so bad if you're come 5 hours ago when we called!

Our keys stopped working on 3 different occasions. 

Breakfast was decent. Little variety and everything was cold and dry, but at least they had good yogurt and fresh fruit. The eggs and ham were awful.

We were here 5 days and every day we had to ask for more towels. Here's a thought - how about leaving as many towels as you take? Or better yet, if they're hung up or folded on the counter, don't take them!! Housekeeping was awful the entire time, but the worst was the day they didn't come at all. I called the front desk and was told they were running behind but would be here shortly. I said our room was fine and we had enough towels, but we needed soap and the trash needed taken out. As long as that was taken care of, they could skip cleaning our room. Returned to our room 6 hours later and it still hadn't been touched! Called the front desk and he brought soap and took our trash out because he didn't even trust housekeeping to take care of us at that point.

The pool area was decent but the water chemistry was off and we all ended up with itchy skin. My husband has asthma and the chlorine smell was so strong he couldn't stay in the area without having an asthma attack.

My mom also stayed here and while she didn't have the issues we did (single person, king room. Hard to go too far wrong) her room smelled like mildew and the air conditioner was really inconsistent. Plus every time housekeeping came in they moved stuff and she had to search for it.

The front desk guy was super nice and apologetic, but we'll never be back.
Rating: 3
Text: Helpful and friendly staff. Room was clean and comfortable, but the pillows were horrible. I'd stay here again, but next time I'm bringing my own. Hot tub was clean and a welcome way to end the day.
Rating: 4
Text: Good hotel. Clean, friendly staff. Internet is super slow.
Rating: 2
Text: Staff was very nice and helpful. But the beds we're uncomfortable and our air conditioning was not working when we arrived. They were able to get it fixed. Not up to the standard of many Marriott's I have stayed in.
