Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Lansing West
Rating: 5
Text: We had a wonderful stay! Jim at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. He went out his way to make sure we were comfortable, he even called us on the room phone to make sure our room was to our liking. Breakfast spread was pretty good, they even provided it earlier than usual because of the lacrosse tournament. The pool was nice, there is a fitness center as well as a laundry room. We enjoyed our stay and if we are ever in the area again this place would be our first choice!!!
Rating: 3
Text: This is the 4th week I have stayed at the hotel for work. The hotel is nice but definitely not super nice. Jim was very nice and helpful. The rooms have been clean but the showers and bathroom floors have had hair in them. The beds are a little hard, which doesn't bother me but bothers my boyfriend who has been staying with me. The breakfast is a typical hotel breakfast. The pool is nice but doesn't have a hot tub, which makes me a little sad. I'm also very picky about hotels, and this one is fine. Although it's not a 5 star hotel, it's clean and has all the necessities.
Rating: 5
Text: The front desk attendant, Dawn, was very courteous and helpful. My room was clean, and well maintained by Samantha. Unfortunately the pool was undergoing maintenance during my stay, but all other facilities seemed to be great. I would gladly stay here again and recommend it. Also, the convenience of being walking distance to two nice restaurants was definitely enjoyed!
Rating: 2
Text: My husband and I tried to check in to our reserved room at Residence Inn next door at 4 pm on a Friday. We were told they needed to check with housekeeping, that our room was still dirty. Check-in time technically starts at 3, but we didn't mind; we opted to go out for an early dinner instead. Partly to through our meal we received a call informing us that some guests had opted to stay another night and so our room was unavailable, and for "no additional cost" to have we would be moved to Fairfield Inn next door. 

We arrived at Fairfield and I will say Jim at the front desk was very kind and efficient. But when we checked in we discovered to our dismay that instead of a King Suite with full kitchen as we had reserved at Residence, we were tossed into a small double Queen room with only a mini fridge and not even a microwave! We were told that was the only room available and that the hotel was fully booked. Unfortunately there was an event in the area that we had to attend the next day or else we would probably not have stayed.

There were people, both children and adults, in the hallway all night which were easily heard, and no hotel staff ever tried to enforce any type of after 11 curfew for the benefit of the guests trying to get some rest. It was not a good night.

I will say the breakfast had a fairly good spread and I appreciated they had the option of soy milk for my coffee.

Overall I was very dissatisfied with my stay and no one tried to remedy the situation, just basically that we had to live with it.
Rating: 5
Text: Fairfield Inn is located just off I-96. The rooms have cable, internet, Netflix, Hulu, a good size refrigerator, microwave, and more. There was a continental breakfast with all kinds of hot food.
