Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Lexington Georgetown/College Inn
Rating: 5
Text: We recently had to evacuate our home in Florida due to Hurricane Irma. All the pet friendly hotels in Georgia and Tennessee were taken. We were extremely lucky to book this hotel and had called ahead to reserve it while traveling. Steve at the front desk was very accommodating and compassionate about our situation. We got a nice clean room to stay in with our dog and cat. Close to the stairwell which make potty breaks for our dog easier. Had a wonderful hot breakfast in the morning. Everyone who worked there were very professional and pleasant. It made life a little less stressful. We will definitely be returning to the hotel in the future and would recommend it to everyone.
Rating: 5
Text: We really enjoyed our stay. The room was cozy and clean and the beds and pillows were very comfortable! I like that there were extra pillows on the bed and we didn't have to request more! The staff was extremely friendly especially the girls helping in the breakfast area in the morning. The complimentary breakfast was DELICIOUS too! Thanks Fairfield staff for the great experience. 
Rating: 4
Text: Nice place, not overly fancy. The building and room appeared to be and smelled very clean. Would stay again. Pretty decent breakfast spread.
Rating: 1
Text: Booked two rooms side by side. Unpacked our family, hauled in all of our luggage only to find the carpet in both rooms was soaking wet and strong perfume smelling. Went back to the front desk to see if we could switch and what the explanation might be for the carpet. Waited in line for 20 min. We were told there's no explanation. We could take it or leave it.  Well, we left it. 
Extremely disappointed at the lack of concern or empathy. I'm assuming the carpet was shampooed. (?) I asked him if he might at all be concerned something is leaking? His response was a blank stare and a "no." 
Sticking to my Hampton Inn.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean room, super comfortable beds, a little loud because it's right next to the interstate but they provided white noise machines and ear plugs in the room, breakfast was great- lots of hot choices
