Fairfield Inn by Marriott St. Louis Fairview Heights
Rating: 1
Text: Choose to use our Marriott rewards at this location...what a waste! At check in the staff were very friendly and helpful. That's were the good ended. The interior carpets were torn, worn out and dirty. This was in the hallway and room. Wall paper was pulling off the the walls. There were cracks in the walls. The hallway was hot and had a musty, moldy smell. Our room was dark and also had a musty smell. There was tape over the smoke detector. The curtains wouldn't completely cover the windows and let light in. We could hear the traffic from the highway all night. Our kids couldn't enjoy the pool because the pool water was dirty. The staff claimed that it needed to be shocked and the manager wasn't there to do it. It would be shocked in the morning. So...no swimming for our kids. What a big disappointment. The toilet overflowed and flooded the bathroom. We were moved to a room across the hall that was no better. If we had been staying more than a night we would have moved to a different hotel. The bottom line....this place DOES NOT offer a true Marriott experience!! We COULD NOT wait to leave!! As we checked out the manager was asking up to stay for breakfast. NO THANKS!!
Rating: 4
Text: Friendly staff. I'd give it a 3.5 but rounded up to a 4 becuase of the nice receptionist but the place is a bit old and the  A.C. has dirt or mold on the vents. The bed is clean and soft. Carpet is pretty good condition. Bathroom is clean. Next to a restaurant/bar. Smells like it used to be a smoking room, or is right above a smoking room. It's pretty average.. but I've def stayed at better Fairfield Inns.
Rating: 4
Text: Conveniently located just off interstate 55 east of St Louis. Freshly baked chocolate chip cookies in the evening. Standard breakfast fare in the morning, eggs, bacon, yogurt, breads, waffles, cereals, juice. Comfortable Marriott foam mattress. Our room with one king bed was tight as it was adjacent to the elevator. The television channels were half analog and stuttered some. The shower was excellent; good water pressure. WiFi was fine.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel didn't meet standards of other Marriott's. Pool is small on the first floor next to guest rooms, no workout/gym facility on site (pass to LA Fitness), and they take awhile to respond to maintanance requests. Internet is slow and unreliable at times. They do serve breakfast often out before 6 am. Rooms on the side of the freeway can be noisy at night. They don't have an safe deposit boxes if you need them.
Rating: 1
Text: No one was at the front desk when I tried to check in, so I had to wait several minutes. The pool had a green tint to it, so I wouldn't let my kid go swimming. Once we got to our room, it was very run down. It smelled extremely musty as soon as we opened the door, the carpet was ripped, and the bathroom vanity was separated from the countertop. The only good thing was that we could walk to Red Lobster for dinner. I will not stay here again.
