Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Sandusky
Rating: 5
Text: When I arrived, the staff was quick to get me checked in, and very friendly. They covered all my questions (wifi password, breakfast time, pool hours and the like) before I could even ask them. My room was clean and spacious. Water was hot and stayed hot, which my girlfriend loved. The bed was comfortable, and the power outlets on the bedside lamps were very convenient. All-in-all, would gladly stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: This place was horrible, be careful with your children, my husband found a HUGE spider on the bed at this hotel, he told the manager about it and she said there was nothing she could do.  Then as soon as they got back home we found a bedbug, obviously it came from this hotel because we've never even seen a bed bug, nor have we ever had a problem like this before. I just read some reviews about this hotel and they have a big with bed bugs, I wish I had saw these reviews before I booked this room. We usually stay at Marriott hotels because of their standards, but we've never had a problem like this before, I was very very disappointed. My husband thought this would be a quick, end of the summer short cedar point vacation and it's turned into a nightmare. Please be careful!!!
Rating: 1
Text: Well let’s start out saying the service was pretty good. We were in town for a football tournament with the youth football league. After checking my room I noticed they had bug proff mattress covers  and after looking much harder I found a dead bed bug on under the mattress. Next we looked at a different room and found another dead bed beg they gave us our money back but this was a very inconvenience because we had to move 20 kids. We left in the middle of the night.
Rating: 3
Text: Staff is friendly and accommodations are what you would expect from staying with any lower category Marriott brand hotel. Rooms were not up to date as some Fairfield inns you may come across but were still comfortable. Warning: if your room is in the front of the hotel, you will be able to hear the vehicles coming down Milan road, so if you believe that may bother you, you should request a room near the rear of the hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Given two queen room when I requested a king, it was convienent and they serve really awesome cookies every night.
