Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Fort Wayne
Rating: 1
Text: First I showed up and usually since I am a gold member I am greeted with a gift bag but not here. 

My room smelled like piss.

They charged about double what the other hotels were charging. 

The hot tub wasn’t but about 80 degrees 

The breakfast sucked bacon was burnt black and I would not have fed it to my dog 

Since I was going to be staying in ft Wayne for more than two months I changed hotels quickly even though I am a gold member at Marriott 

I went down the street and stayed in a hotel half the cost had a great breakfast, heated pool to 88 and hot tub at 104. Room was very clean and didn’t have to worry about my jacket with the silk lining getting cut up. 

I am now a diamond member at this new hotel I stayed at and probably will never stay at another Marriott ever 

Ps. I gave them one star because I had to
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean hotel and nice staff.  Thin walls for sound.  Would recommend staying on a higher floor.  Pool is on first floor in the middle and tends to get loud in hallway.
Rating: 1
Text: We have stayed at this fairfield inn server all times . 
Always excellent service until October 28th 2017.
We was not in our room 20 minutes until another couple opened up our door and came into our room because the front desk double booked our room . 
I had to go back to the front desk to get my room keys reactivated because they cancelled our room keys also . 
After I got home I seen where they double charged my room for the night . They say I had hair dye all over. Kinda hard when I don’t dye my hair . Talk to manager and they pretty much called me a liar and told me to deal with it . 
Very disappointed in this hotel and the way management handles things .
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice place to stay. Beds are very comfortable. Common areas are very nice and attractive to a first time lodger. Rooms are a bit small, but the confort of the beds makes up for the lack of room size. Definitely will be staying here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Room, pool and pubic areas very clean and nice. The continental breakfast left a lot to be desired. Staff was very nice.
