Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Burlington
Rating: 5
Text: Right over the state line and just on time. This is the perfect place to stay on our way to play in Colorado. My wife and I enjoyed a wonderful room overnight and a great breakfast to get us on our way. The staff was completely awesome and we set off in the greatest of moods thanks to the attitudes of this incredible Marriott. We loved it so much we stopped to stay on our way out. When we're going to and from Colorado on business interviewing clients and documenting footage for media this is our go-to place to stay because of the way they treat their guest. Should any of this nut come in right that's because it's talk to text going down the road at night. Hands down this is an awesome place and you're going to want to stay. Book your trip!
Rating: 5
Text: Had a fantastic experience with this hotel. Very well kept and maintained.
I came in late, and they only had a handicap room available (which I'm completely okay with since I have severe arthritis in my knees). 
The room smelled clean, sheets clean, everything was very well kept!
Checkout is at noon (which I'm VERY pleased with because I hate waking up in the morning, and breakfast starts at 630am ends at 9am. 
Staff was very friendly and helped with my questions.
They have a fitness center and an indoor pool which is nice for those coming in earlier than myself.
It's a VERY convienent location, being right off interstate 70. Has a few fast food joints nearby.
If I come down here towards Kansas I will definitely book a room again!
Rating: 5
Text: When we travel to see family we always have to stop overnight somewhere in Kansas or Colorado. We usually look for a Hampton Inn or similar. This hotel is new and clean with nice lobby area. We were pleasantly surprised by how nice the hotel is. 
Our room had a king bed with a pull out sofa , where the kids slept. The toiletries offered were Paul Mitchell - not bad. Microwave and fridge in the room with a coffee maker. I'm always surprised by hotels that don't offer these things. 
The room was quiet and we were never disturbed by neighbors.
The hot breakfast offered was your standard hotel hot breakfast. Waffles, eggs, bacon etc. Plus all your cold stuff too. They do have an outdoor seating area where you could enjoy your breakfast, which was nice. 
I would stay here again, in fact we did a week later when we were on our way home from our trip. 
Rating: 4
Text: Very good stay. My room pasted my black light test bathroom and bed very clean! The only thing that keep me from giving 5 stars, was some construction was going on and there was a bag smell in my room, which gave me a very bad headache. I do not think this is the norm. So thing should be great when the construction is over. BUT very clean room!!
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice room located next to a carls junior.  Nice staff decent breakfast at hotel.
