Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Watervliet St. Joseph
Rating: 3
Text: Advertised online as having a bar, and as a stop along the way on a road trip that has value. But upon arrival, we found there is no bar, at least not in the hotel proper... there is a bar in the water park area but the staff told us "it's closed because it's hot out there this time of year." Say What? It's a poolside bar, summer is 
THE time to have that thing open. Probably more to that story from the staff.

The room was nice, and clean, and everything worked. Well, except for the TV remote. And we needed the fridge, for the take-out refreshments (did I mention there is no bar?) from town.

The coffee "bar" had some pump dispensers of coffee available anytime, for free. Not good, but not terrible. Same for the free breakfast; this is a place squarely targeting young families and the waffle irons make (4) 3 inch waffles, plenty of cereal yogurt oatmeal fruit milk and juice available. The hot food was fairly hot and reasonably fresh and the staff was friendly so waking up here is a decent experience.  If you're not here with kids, get to breakfast early though, once the water park crowd rolls out for some chow, the room gets crowded fast.

Being misled about the amenities is a big negative, and no discount was offered at check in. 3 stars overall

Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel, especially for the price!

I stayed at this hotel with my family during an unplanned stop on our journey through Michigan. It was easy to get a room late at night, on short notice. The room included two queen beds and plenty of room around the beds for suitcases. (It's little things like that which really make a room great.)

We tried to set the temperature using the wall thermostat, and noticed that the A.C. unit wasn't coming on. The staff were very helpful, and switched us to a room right away, even though it turned out it was just an automated system, and it was working just fine.

The beds were comfortable, the shower was plenty warm, and the continental breakfast was so much better than most. They even have a small water park, if you have the time. Thanks for a great stay, Fairfield Inn & Suites!
Rating: 5
Text: My family of 4 stayed here for 2 nights as part of a wedding weekend for family. This review is for the hotel only, not the Surfari Joe's Water Park portion. The rooms were very nice and looked fairly updated. The hot breakfast in the mornings was very nice. Waffles (plenty of machines so you never waited), sausage, eggs, fruit, yogurt, cereal, breads, bagels, oatmeal etc. The staff was incredible. Every interaction with them was amazing. They went out of their way to be nice to my young children and help us with anything. Amanda, Lori, Shana, and Cindy were particularly impressive.
Rating: 5
Text: Great rooms, great service, and cool or should I say super warm pools and slides.
Rating: 5
Text: Only stayed one night, but had a great time. The room was decorated well and the bed was quite comfortable. The breakfast was delicious and the staff were friendly. All in all, I had a pleasant experience and would go back again.
