Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Columbus OSU
Rating: 4
Text: Facilities were clean, location is accessible, hotel has convenience of a shuttle that services a 5 mile radius. Staff were friendly, but not overly welcoming or helpful. The hotel is really big for Fairfield. It feels recently renovated or at least well maintained. Seemed like there were several wedding groups there for the weekend as we had difficulty getting a returned shuttle run in a timely manner. But overall I would recommend this hotel to a colleague and I wouldn't have any concerns to be a repeat customer.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location with restaurants around, not too far from downtown and the Short North area. The room was an ok size, it slept up to 4 people and was pretty tight with 4. The beds were comfortable and clean. Breakfast was good and had a variety of options. The parking was easy to access. The staff was friendly.
Rating: 1
Text: Honestly disappointed. For ~$200 I got a bathroom door that did not close, a toliet that has weak flushing power (you have to hold the handle down for awhile for everything to flush), and many more. I’d be ok with all of this if it was less than $200 but for all the negatives, I definitely did not get my moneys worth. 

From my perspective, my stay should have been satisfactory.
Rating: 2
Text: It took 30 minutes for the guy to check me in, even though I had prior reservations and had called to check in on my way.

The next afternoon, I got back from my conference, and find out I hadn't actually gotten into the system...wasn't registered.  Still had to pay for night #1.  

The next to last evening, I found out there is shuttle service to the location I have been paying $20 a day to Uber to and was never told about  (even though I talked to the front desk several times).

Last morning, my 6:30 wakeup call didn't happen.  Slept until 7, when my phone woke me.

It is a very nice location, very clean and has a good breakfast, but it has perhaps the worst customer service I have seen at a hotel in a very long time.
Rating: 5
Text: The front desk employees were so amazing! So friendly and helpful! We had to switch rooms from day 1 to day 2 and they all did their best to get us in our second room as quickly as possible. They offered to take our bags and hold them for us, even though we just kept our bags in our car, it was very nice if them to offer and to try to help us as much as they could. Breakfast was great, and all employees were very nice and friendly! The next time I come back to Columbus I would stay here again, for sure! The location was great, it's so close to Ohio State University! Within walking distance of the Schott. Thank you to everyone who works there for making our trip perfect!  
