Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Indianapolis Downtown
Rating: 5
Text: Great experience, very friendly staff. Free breakfast with waffles, bacon and eggs plus bagels and cereal. The suite was nice but tvs were small. We had a issue at check in and they went out of their way to fix it. The location was perfect, Lucas Oil Stadium and downtown restaurants were not more then a 10 minute walk. Museums and Beautiful walking trails across the street. The zoo is also a short walk from hotel. This will definitely be my go to hotel next time I'm in Indy.
Rating: 5
Text: Very impressed and we will definitely stay here again if we come back. The hotel is connected to the convention center so you can get all over downtown without walking outside which is great in the winter! We got our hotel on late notice so we were unable to secure a handicap accessible room the first night. We went down and talked to the front desk about getting an ADA room the second night and it was absolutely no problem. They were very accommodating and helpful.  The price is average for the hotels around it but it also offers continental breakfast which is not offered at all of the hotels. Breakfast has a variety of choices such as sausage, egg omelets, scrambled eggs, cereal, fresh fruit, waffles, bread, etc. One thing that really stuck out to us was the breakfast crew.  Delisa, Ashlee, and Yeimi  greeted everyone as they came to breakfast with a smile! They were also extremely attentive to keeping the counters clean, the food restocked, and the tables clean after someone would get up.  We stay at quite a few hotels every year and I have never seen any crew like this one!  Also, the hotel was clean, the rooms were spacious, and all of the staff was very friendly. They have a very nice ADA room with a roll in shower.  They also have a very nice lobby with a fire place to sit and relax and stay warm! Highly recommend this hotel!
Rating: 4
Text: Fairfield is a good Marriott choice if you're trying to be budget conscious but still stay somewhere nice. Like that they have smart TVs you can log into your Netflix account with, but the rooms always feel really humid. Found a bit of mold on the pillow case, but they promptly swapped them out for us
Rating: 3
Text: Room was itty bitty, shower water pressure was a joke, and parking was expensive. But breakfast staff was friendly and helpful, and it was very close to the start/finish line for the marathon. Will try to stay elsewhere next year.
Rating: 3
Text: This is the second Fairfield we've stayed at in a month and one had mildewed curtains and thus one had mildewed pillow cases. The room seemed fine otherwise. I didn't book the room I thought I had and they were very nice about switching us. Staff super friendly.
