Fairfield Inn by Marriott Owensboro
Rating: 5
Text: I have thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this Fairfield Inn. My room is up-to-date, spacious, and very comfortable. The bed was unusually nice for this class of hotels. There are ample electrical outlets for all of the electronics we sold frequently bring with us these days. Even the bathroom was spacious for this class of hotels. The hotel is within easy walking distance to a variety of stores and restaurants. The highway is just far enough away to still be visible but not so close that I was disturbed by traffic noise. I'm on the highway end of the hotel UT the road noise was still pretty low so the hotel must have good sound proofing. The hotel staff were always cheerful and helpful. The seating in the breakfast area is quite large with five separate areas to sit in. The breakfast selection was standard but was still completely adequate. While I won't rate this Fairfield Inn as the best I have stayed at, it still ranks very high. I don't think that you will be disappointed if you stay here.
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms were very nice and clean. The beds were comfortable and soft. Breakfast was good. A lot more than the usual continental breakfast of cereal and a bagel. Didn't get a chance to swim but the indoor pool looked decent size and usually empty. Great place to stay and I'd definitely recommend it. The only complaint is the entrance is a little hard to get into and exit
Rating: 5
Text: It's a Marriott Fairfield Inn and the value and quality are reflected not just in its name but the property also.  All employees greeted me nicely and happily. The front desk was friendly and professional.
Rating: 4
Text: My check in was excellent and hassle free. The young lady would was at the desk that evening was super nice and friendly as well as the gentleman who was cleaning the lobby.
Rating: 3
Text: Good location. Lots of restaurants within walking distance.  Beds were comfortable.  However the cleaning staff never left fresh towels or toiletries.  Always removed dirty ones, just never replaced. And the pool was a joke!! With a hotel with 150 rooms, pool only allowed a max of 5 people at a time. When we were there, they had 3-4 ball teams staying, with parents; not too mention other guests. Breakfast was ok. 
