Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Wichita Downtown
Rating: 5
Text: Clean. Great amenities including laundry, swimming pool, workout room, and hot breakfast. Pleasant staff who accommodated us by providing an extra bed for our room. Comfortable beds. Close to Wichita State University and downtown venues.
Rating: 1
Text: Tbh. This is the worst Fairfield Inn by Marriot I ever stayed.Rooms are way too small, they felt like a cruise rooms. I did my reservation by phone and they told me that the rooms had sofa beds in, which was a lied. I called the front desk to ask why my room did not have a sofa bed and they were pretty rude about it and all they said that only suites have sofa beds. I believe it was a guy name John, that has being working there for over 4 yrs. I wish I could get all my $$ back. I booked 4 rooms and all my family was not satisfied with the size of the rooms for the price we paid. Parking is horrible too. The only thing I love was the guy name Terry(driver) he was very nice.
Rating: 4
Text: Good location,  we stay here all the time for concerts because it's only a few blocks from the arena.  Friendly staff that are knowledgeable about the area, ready to give awesome food recommendations.
Rating: 3
Text: As I was expecting big things from a rather new/slightly expensive hotel I was slightly disappointed. The service was great, the location was perfect but the room seemed awkward. The bathroom was really nice and had an expensive look. The beds had nice sheets and obviously cleaned. But the TV and TV stand looked like it didn't fit the room, the TV was small and the stand was not tall enough to see over the end of the bed. For some this may seem irrelevant but from someone who travels often this seemed odd. For this I give 3 stars.
Rating: 5
Text: Great location, free garage parking, free WiFi, free breakfast, quiet room despite bordering the elevator shaft, nice staff (even the lady refilling the coffee at the breakfast bar greeted me), clean rooms, comfortable beds. Will absolutely consider this place again the next time I'm in Wichita.
