Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Columbus East
Rating: 1
Text: In my years of traveling for work and pleasure, I have never encountered such a horrific experience at the Fairfield Inn & Suites Reynoldsburg. The biggest expectation and principle of the hospitality business is: cleanliness. The Fairfield Inn and Suites Reynoldsburg failed to meet that expectation when I was painfully bitten by bed bugs found behind the headboard of the bed. 

The worst part isn’t that I pushed through to be 100% for the client I’m working for nor that I managed to hide my swelling through my minimally packed wardrobe. The worst part wasn’t that I no longer felt secure nor rest assured for my belongings left at this hotel, that I immediately packed up to check-out.

No, the worst part was to be conceptually and emotionally violated by one hotel of its laziness for cleanliness and to bring this nightmare back with me on my flight home. To still feel physical pain and discomfort for one hotel’s lack of appreciation and consideration for its guests, as I’m home for only two days out of the week. Whereas, the workers at hotel are welcome to go home to their loved ones each night.

Which is why I write this review, for the consideration of others who travel long days and put their trust in behind hotel doors. I write my story to prevent anyone else from experiencing this horrendous nightmare.
Rating: 2
Text: I don't know if I'd stay here again. The staff was very friendly, but their cleaning team must be extremely subpar. There was a condom wrapper in my pull out couch, a seemingly used bar of soap in the shower, hair in my blanket, as well as a dead bug in the blanket. Hotel was full so there was nothing they could do. They should offer cots or something at the very least. Also, the elevator makes disturbingly loud sounds in my opinion, so that should probably be checked out as well. For the price paid, it was not worth it what-so-ever for myself and two others.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place.  Nice decor.  Great location.  OK breakfast.  Big spacious rooms.  Clean rooms. Friendly staff.
Rating: 5
Text: Quiet hotel with well appointed, good size rooms. Included refrigerator, microwave, and coffee maker in room. Free internet was fast enough to stream video without any notable buffering. Complimentary continental breakfast was above average. Walking distance to restaurants and stores.
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel was ok. I found the room a little dated, and could be updated. The bed wasn't very comfy. The iron leaked and everything was worn off the dail so you couldn't see any of the settings. The staff was very nice and friendly. I reported a problem with the toilet and it was taken care of first thing in the morning. I did find it overpriced.
