Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Indianapolis Avon
Rating: 3
Text: Was pretty clean. Needs basic repairs such as holes being filled. There was mold on the shower curtain. Didn't mind the rail yard near by, it actually helped me sleep better lol.  Hot tub was not in service, it was actually covered up.
Rating: 2
Text: Location is excellent  staff in the evening was very friend morning staff at check out was very unsure  of policy.
Room was big and nice and mostly clean.
One issue I had and I informed both the evening and morning staff was...someone left some "brown gift"at the wall in the bathroom .
I cleaned it up and asked for a discount. Everyone referred me to the mgt who as of tonight never contacted me.

So 4 star location
4 star room size
4 star friendliness 
2 star for clean even the rest of the room was clean ok I found one black hair in my bed..
Rating: 5
Text: Last minute stay. The staff was super friendly and helpful. Even gave me a free snickers so I could take some medication. Room was clean and comfortable. Price was very reasonable. Would highly recommend.
Rating: 1
Text: I wish this would let me post 0 stars. I booked this room through the Chase Travel Portal, completely on points so the room was not supposed to cost me anything. My stay was fine, the room was not the cleanest, but I've stayed in worse. After I checked out, I noticed the Fairfield charged me nearly $300. I called immediately after I saw this (it was about 11pm at night) and was told a manager would call me after the weekend that Monday morning, fine. That Monday, I had not heard from anyone all morning, so I called the Fairfield. I tried to explain the situation but the girl who answered the phone kept cutting me off, but she stated that the refund was applied. A few days later, I noticed that what was supposed to be my refund was pending as a charge, so I called again. It sounded like the same girl, she cut me off again, and she kept asking me questions about my booking. I told her I booked on Chase through points, she then stated that what I stated was incorrect and if I didn't book through Marriot, it must be through a travel agent and I needed to provide the correct information.......

After going through this roller coaster of nonsense for 10-15 min of getting cut off and told I was wrong and had an attitude, I finally asked for the manager, she stated that she was the manager. I was then directed to the General Managers voicemail where I was told he would be in Monday. Ileft my name and number, my issue, and to call me.

It is still Monday morning, however, you would think a General Manager would hop on trying to help a disgruntled customer?

Do not ever stay at this hotel. The service is rude, they make you feel like an idiot if you try to solve an issue and management doesn't know the first thing about customer service.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice, clean, new, friendly. Good gym and indoor pool. Good place to stay
