Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Chicago Naperville
Rating: 3
Text: Breakfast was tasty and the beds were comfy, but my reason for 3 stars is the bathroom. Wash clothes were stained and the water never got above barely Luke warm. After a long day in the car, I just wanted to take a hot bath, but instead I froze my butt off. It was such an important part of my stay that I had been looking forward to, and it ruined my entire experience. If they fixed this problem and cleaned their linens better, I would definitely have given them 5 stars, because everything else was really nice.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is located in a relatively nice area, with a good selection of restaurants nearby, and if course many offering delivery - just remember to tip your delivery guy well, as it turns out they don't get paid much save for tips. The rooms are pretty spacious and compared to some of the other hotels, are more quiet. There's a few amenities provided by the hotel, like workout room, computer room, and it's nice that it has really quick access to the Interstate so that one can explore the area
Rating: 4
Text: Staff were courteous and helpful. The building and amenities did leave a lot to be desired, however. There was a small pantry type area by the front desk for snacks and a few things like Tylenol. The only food options were really chips and candy though. There was a small selection of soda. When I tried to connect to included internet, the information book stated that instructions were in every room for doing this. There were no instructions in our room. I had to just kind of figure it out. Not too difficult, but a even slightly less tech savvy traveler may have trouble. Overall not a bad stay but my expectations were a lot higher for a Marriott managed property.
Rating: 3
Text: We stayed twice, this was the halfway point of our trip. Once on the way to MN and once on the way home. The room was comfortable and clean. We liked the pillows so much we noted the tag info so we could order them when we came home. Breakfast was very good and the staff kept an eye on things to replenish promptly.
Rating: 5
Text: Great stay each visit. Perfect breakfast options. Nice pool and great complimentary cookies. We will be back to stay again. Nice staff.
