Fairfield Inn by Marriott Kansas City Downtown/Union Hill
Rating: 5
Text: My experience for four days at the Fairfield Inn was that these people know how to “do hotels” right. Perfect. Couldn’t be more satisfied. 
Amazingly welcoming and friendly staff. Room was very, very clean, bed was comfortable, plenty of lamps, nice desk/work area, shower was “just right”, attractive decor that was nice to look at, and there were no outside or hallway noises all night.  The breakfast foods were fresh and had a good variety. Shuttle was prompt, driver was helpful and kind. 
I stay at hotels often, and even though I’ve stayed in fancier and costlier hotels, I don’t recall any that had everything as near-perfect as this one. Truly exceptional.
Rating: 3
Text: Fairfield Inn was a decent stay. It's was convenient to the Kansas City downtown attractions. It was less than 2 miles from Power & Light. Service was very good, breakfast was nice, and the rooms were clean. The hotel is older, the rooms and bathrooms have been updated but the lack of modern construction resulted in a lot of traveling sound from other rooms and hallways. The shuttle drivers for this location weren't super friendly or very accommodating. Overall a good stay.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a very nice hotel. The hotel is close to downtown restaurants and bars and is in a nice, safe location. I was really surprised at how nice this hotel is and how comfortable the rooms are. We were also really enjoyed breakfast and the variety of food is the best I've seen from any hotel. They also had a shuttle with an awesome driver that ran until 10:30 at night. I'd love to stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: It's an OK place to stay short term. The staff is very nice and recommended a good local restaurant. Close to Crown Center. The room carpet is thin and I kept stepping on tack strip in the bathroom doorway. I found it hard to believe the toiletries are genuine Paul Mitchell as the bar of soap was the hardest, detest bar of hotel soap I've ever seen. The room air conditioner didn't work well and it seemed to be a known issue, as it had what looked like a sneeze shield bolted onto it to direct air into the room but the curtains were mildewed from the condensation. We were just there for one night.
Rating: 4
Text: My room was very clean. The TV was modern and allowed access to YouTube, Netflix, Hulu, etc. I didn't eat breakfast, but I did grab a banana. The food looked good and I wished I had time to eat. There is a nice iron fence protecting the parking lot, so I felt like my vehicle was relatively safe. The staff was polite and efficient. Good experience!
