Fairfield Inn by Marriott Hays
Rating: 4
Text: We were able to get a first floor room.  It happened to be handicap room. Very nice.  King Size bed comfortable.  Everything low so you can reach from sitting position.  I'm short so this was very nice.  The personnel are pleasant and helpful.  The hotel near eateries, shopping (Walmart right across the way) and gas stations.  The breakfast good.
Rating: 2
Text: I reserved a room with a whirlpool tub in our room for my boyfriend and I over the phone and gave my card info. When we got there to check in the receptionist gave us a room with two queen beds on second floor and no whirlpool tub in a room. I went to complain and ask for a refund or a room we asked for and the lady was refusing to do anything so I told her I was going to file a complaint in which then the receptionist decided to offer to call her manager and said she would call me later with results so my boyfriend and I packed up our belongings and took them to our car and waited in lobby, receptionist finally asked again what room we reserved and she attempted to get us another room we asked for but someone was already in it so she tried another room and came with us to make sure it was to our liking and no one was in it already. We finally got a room with a whirlpool tub in it and was on lower floor. Then I am being charged  $170 when my bill says 141 so I'm hoping I get reimbursed the remaining amount. Not sure if we will stay there again or not.
Rating: 2
Text: Friendly staff. The rooms need some work. Our group had 6 rooms and none of them had a shower that drained properly. We stood in about 8 inches of water.  The rooms smell like dirty feet and wet towels. The carpet desperately needs to be cleaned.  Some of the rooms had sticky carpet you coudnt walk barefoot on. Overall, I wouldn't stay at this hotel again.
Rating: 3
Text: Better then the comfort inn & suites any day of the week. Friendly staff loaded rooms with cable t.v. microwaves and safes with nice beds and a huge bathroom.
Rating: 4
Text: It was a pleasant stay. The ice machine was on the first level, which wasn't disclosed when we (my mother and I) checked in and we were very tired after a long day of driving the day before and several hours that day as well. There were a few items that weren't working or should have been fixed in our room but they were minor and we made a list and gave it to them as we left and they seemed very glad for it. A bag was left by the previous guests and we found it which I did find odd as the room had been cleaned so I feel it should have been found by the housekeeping staff (the bag was on a desk chair) but when we found it my mom wasn't sure if it was mine so opened it and found expensive photography equipment in it and we took it downstairs immediately. I am glad we found it and not someone else who would have taken it.
