Fairvue Studios
Rating: 5
Text: It was amazing! Staff was friendly, rooms were clean, and the price was low. My friend and I stay there often.
Rating: 1
Text: Just driving up its creepy. Drugs everywhere.  We went here because we wanted to buy something on facebook marketplace. Never again. The girl was tweaking out of her mind. And some people were yelling, "you'll find me dead in the bathroom later." Dont ever stay here. 
Rating: 1
Text: The manager is the rudest most non-caring person I've ever known to have her job. She obviously don't like kids at all and even called family services on me. On top of the employees, the Wi-Fi isn't even worth having. And don't pay for the "premium" WiFi they offer. I did once and from the time I paid till the 72 hrs was over, not once did I have or get a signal
Rating: 3
Text: Well it is what you pay for. Cheap rooms, cheap pet fee. Good if you're just trying to sleep not on the side of the road cause you're exhausted.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed here for several weeks. Is pricey for what you get.. But cheaper than other weekly hotel rooms. Our room was very large, worth the extra $10 for a first floor room. Room was dirty upon check in, but didn't expect much different. Most cheap places aren't cleaned well to begin with. You never can know how clean others around you are, so yes, expect bugs.. Especially with so many people moving in and out weekly. Activity alone will make bugs roam looking for food. My tips would be: ALWAYS inspect the mattress for bed bugs or signs of bed bugs first thing, none found (and btw, 4 and 5 star hotels get them too js) We do have our own bedding, pillows, towels and washrags so we don't use the provided one's. I am also a clean freak and like to know my room is clean (again, even when I've stayed in high end hotels.. I know it's clean when I've cleaned it.. You don't know the housekeeper at any hotel) so I do clean it, top to bottom.. Bleach and pine sol does wonders.. If it doesn't smell like bleach, it's not clean in my opinion.. Take out the trash daily. If you have any food trash, take out immediately. Do the dishes and clean up after eating. Pretty common sense, if there's nothing for roaches to eat, they won't hang out.. We've seen 5 in the 3 weeks here and have killed them. No need to throw a fit over. Just be responsible and proactive. The staff all seem nice that we've encountered. The Wi-Fi is spotty at best. When it's good, it is.. When not, it can be annoying. We have NOT heard any arguing, yelling, fighting, seen any more "druggies" here versus any other part of springfield, or seen any undue police presence. Except when there is an event at the fairgrounds that they are monitering, which is just about every weekend. During these events, there is some paid parking allowed in the hotel parking lot, however, they do not use the spots for residents and we have not had an issue parking. Traffic on the other hand can be insane to get through at these times. There will be someone collecting money for parking when these events happen, but if you tell them you're a resident, they don't argue or give you a hard time, they just wave you through. Maintaince has been great also. Our air conditioner wasn't cooling when we checked in, they tried a couple of things to get it working. On the third day of it failing to work properly, they put in a brand new unit. We also had a inconsistent water drip in the bathroom. It did stop for a while, but the next time it started we called the office and the maintenance man was at our door within 5 minutes to look at it. One thing to remember folks.. This is not a 24 hr front desk place. Unless it's an absolute emergency, report issues during business hours. And it makes a huge difference if the man can see the issue happening at the moment, so he knows exactly what he's dealing with. And above all, be polite. Treat these people the way you want to be treated. They are human too. And from what we've experienced, they do the best they can. Hopefully this helps someone out in the future, and weeds out some of the b.s..
