Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Louisville North
Rating: 3
Text: I generally have a high opinion of Fairfield units, but this stay was merely up the middle of the road. The beds were nice, but the hotel was on the older side. A strange odor (not bad, just odd) filled the room. At 230 in the morning our smoke detector started to chirp. I held my breath and hit the "clear" button, expecting it to go wild, but thankfully it went silent. Breakfast was OK, but nowhere near great. The coffee gets a C-. It certainly wasn't the smoother stay, but the room was clean, which is always the most important to me, and that keeps the overall rating passable, despite the lost slumber.
Rating: 4
Text: Decent location, pretty clean. Breakfast is very good. Builing is a little worn. We had a poor seal around the shower and water got on the floor; towel took care of it. A/c needs a tune up. Bed was nice. Would stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: Its clean, the staff are very friendly. I would give more stars but service based on pay could be better they want approximately 140 a night plus tax and at the end of the day I have stayed in nicer for less! The breakfast is great if u want cereal or oatmeal, if your expecting eggs bisquits gravy bacon or even done sausage this is not the breakfast for u
Rating: 4
Text: Good location. Clean room. Bed was relatively comfortable. Good showerhead.
Rating: 2
Text: The staff was very nice and the hotel was in a good location, walking distance to good restaurants right on the river. The breakfast was sub-par, the eggs texture had a powder consistency, stuck with oatmeal every other day which was decent. The maid service was inconsistent, some days the curtains were open other days not, they didn't refill the toilet paper when it was down to one sheet. I got back to my room one day and the humidity was at 75% in the room because the dehumidifier was full, so I had to empty that myself. The bottom of the tubs are slanted so it's hard to stand in them to shower. I won't be staying here again.
