Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Des Moines Airport
Rating: 4
Text: We enjoyed our stay at the Fairfield Inn & have no real complaints. The place really shines & offers great amenities.  A free drink coupon was given to us upon check in, access to a computer & copy/fax machine in the lobby,  there were complimentary daily newspapers & a decent continental breakfast.  There was one front desk employee who seemed aggravated & unfriendly if you so much as asked him a question. However the professionalism & courtesy of the daytime front desk employees far outweighed his unpleasantness. I would definitely recommend staying at the Fairfield Inn.
Rating: 4
Text: We always appreciate a Fairfield Inn when we're on the road. This one was no exception. The room was very adequate, the Internet was fast and free, the breakfast was complementary and people here were very helpful.

We have a standard room with a couple queen size beds and it was more than enough for my wife and I as well as our two little dudes. The TV was very adequate and the Internet was fast enough for us to watch Game of Thrones on the bathroom floor while our kiddos went to bed early. They get extra points for having lots of plug-ins in the bathroom so we were actually able to stream it and keep our iPad charged!

The workout facilities were standard, but very adequate. A couple treadmills, and an elliptical machine were more than enough for this big dog to get some cardio in. The pool and hot tub looked very nice, though we didn't have a chance to use them.

All in all, excellent quality and excellent value, and about as close to the airport as you can get! To boot, there's a gas station in between the hotel and the airport so you don't have to go out of your way to fill up the rental car on the way in, in the morning. Good work Marriott!
Rating: 5
Text: Great service. Flight was delayed and they rechecked me into my room. Shuttle service incredibly convenient and runs every 15 min
Rating: 5
Text: The staff is so friendly and helpful. My family and I came to this hotel because of its location right by the airport and shuttle in the morning. First we were a little apprehensive because our room was right by the elevators but I can guarantee you that we did not hear a thing! The room was very quiet and clean. Come morning time when we got up to get a cup of complimentary cup of coffee we were surprised to find that there was already some breakfast out despite it being 3:30 in the morning. I can't guarantee that they do this every morning but this definitely made our experience right before our trip to the airport so much easier.  
 We used the shuttle in the morning right at 4:00 and our driver got us to the airport in a very timely and efficient manner. We will definitely use this hotel again!
Rating: 5
Text: We had a wonderful time the staff was very friendly and accommodating it was very clean. We didn't get to use the hut tub but it looked clean and upkept! Claudia attended to the guests at breakfast and she was phenomenal!
