Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Fremont
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is new and so everything is pretty nice, but the staff isn't very friendly. They seem to care more about hanging out and talking instead of helping customers. They seem inconvenienced with any type of request. The cleaning crew people were very nice and helpful and I would have rather communicated with them than the front desk. They did change their tune a bit after I got a little upset, but their greetings seemed forced and awkward. However the hotel is nice, in a convenient location and has good food options in the same parking lot so I would stay there again but with less customer service expectations.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice hotel. Internet was fast enough to stream HBO Go with only a couple short pauses. I stayed in a single king bed room. It has 2 TVs, one in front of the bed and another in front of a couch, which was great for eating takeout. It also has a nice desk setup for my laptop. The shower is a nice large walk in with a good spray. The breakfast is good. My only complaint is that they disabled all but one hdmi port on the TVs, so I had to manually switch the cable to switch between devices; not a big deal, but why disable them?
Rating: 2
Text: Look elsewhere if you want a good night's sleep. Paper thin walls and lots of Street noise. By
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel is a nice space, clean and modern. But the description of what we were booking is completely inaccurate. The King suite describes itself as a separate room. It's not a separate room nor would I call this a suite. It's just a big room with a bed and couch. In addition the pool is one of the smallest hotel pools I have ever seen. It was not kept up well either with no towels or staff to be found to help. The staff was nice enough but definitely not as friendly as most hotels I have stayed at as asking for anything from the staff felt like I was burdening them. Finally my hotel bill looked like I was getting charged for an additional night. When I asked the front desk about this receipt their response was "oh this happened to everyone". That seemed quite an odd response and happening in general.
Rating: 4
Text: Very cozy and clean small but homey. The employees were friendly even gave my niece 2 toys when we arrived 
The breakfast was great and they kept it well maintained and full ..the swimming pool was a little small though
