Falcon Farms of Port Byron, Illinois
Rating: 4
Text: Clean homes and potential for two car garages. My wife and I are considering moving there in a few years. Some parts briefly flood after the real huge rainstorms is the only problem.  Closer to the entrance you can get avoid that. Straight shot to East Moline and Moline. I-80 and I-88 is right there.
Rating: 5
Text: I had lived here back in 2006 through 2010. Back then it had a terrible park manager. I vowed I would never return here.

Yesterday I signed a lease with them, the park has a new manager now and the improvements are amazing! The Party/Rec room has been completely revamped. Most of the destructive people that lived there have either grown up or moved out. The rules they have set in place ensure a nice looking and functional neighborhood. 

I'm moving back in and if you're looking for a good trailer park, this could be it!
Rating: 5
Text: Love it here! Management is great And maintenance is timely! Great community for kids! East moline/Silvis school district is the only down fall so far! 
Rating: 3
Text: I've never had a problem personally with any of the managers, I've talked to our new manager Vessica Zarayoza and understand she has her hands full with her new job here and I can understand people here complain a lot and sometimes in the past nothing was done to help.  From my conversation with her she is very willing to listen and try her best to help people with their concerns, it seems she has done a great job with what little time she has been here, so I think with time she will work to help our community be the best place to live.  We hope Vessica stays with us it would be nice to know we have a manager that is interested in our community.
Rating: 1
Text: Renting from these people is the worth. They refuse to fix anything. Before I moved in they had 2 weeks to fix the back sliding door that wouldn't lock and had hug gaps which was letting rain in and you could see bugs coming in. Four month later still not fixed and they refuse to answer the phone. Neighbors are rude, dirty people. They have no respect for anyone or their things. Totally regret signing a lease.
