Farmstead Inn & Conference Center
Rating: 3
Text: The room we choose was large. Was disappointed there was no desk for setting.  2 different areas with sinks, only 1 bar of soap for 2 sinks. Double room, only 1 luggage rack. Chairs in room were stained. 
Wasn't overly thrilled. 
Breakfast was a 3 out of 5. 
Should be better.
Rating: 2
Text: I was very disappointed because my mom and I come twice a year. We were on the 3rd floor and we had kids running and screaming all night. I came to get away from my neighbors I live with in my apartment. I wanted to go swimming but the kids took over it and played in the jacuzzi like it was a second swimming pool. The TV and air conditioner was horrible, channels didn’t change. Air conditioner was set on their time, no tables for laptop use. What happened to you ? Kids should be automatically be on the 1st floor because parents don’t know how to parent. Front desk could care less, finding a new hotel.
Rating: 2
Text: Was staying at hotel with a large wedding party. There was a lot of miscommunication amongst staff. Was very professional to have the cleaning people bugging us asking us how much longer we would be for them to clean the room.
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed here one night while in the area for a Notre Dame football game and I can't really complain about any aspect of my stay. While the service wasn't stellar, the room was a good size and the beds were comfortable. It was also nice to have a fridge in the room. The WiFi wasn't very fast, but there could be a few different reasons for that. Overall, I would recommend the Inn for an overnight stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Very comfortable, clean rooms, beautiful grounds for walking  and relaxing. Very nice pool and jacuzzi  and lots of places to sit and relax in the pool area. The breakfast is fantastic, have stayed at other places here but hands down this is the best!! This will always be my first choice and I have been staying here since it opened. Thank you for making me feel at home.
