Fieldstone Inn CLOSED due to health problems
Rating: 5
Text: Had a lovely evening at the Fieldstone Inn located in rural Stanhope.   There is much to see.  The owners have taken a lot of pride into decorating the establishment.   I didn't know until the night we ate there that they are also in the process of renting out rooms in the upper portion of the restaurant and live entertainment on some weekends.  We will most certainly revisit this restaurant.   Owners and waitress all were very professional and friendly.  If you haven't had a chance to visit the Fieldstone Inn, take the time and do so.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.  Offers many choices for rooms to eat.  One room is setup to entertain approx. 12 people so if you have young family and want privacy and allow the little ones room to roam check out this room.  Dress is business casual and upward.  Small bar and table areas in the bar , so there again another choice of where you'd feel most comfortable sitting.  
Rating: 2
Text: We had been looking forward to trying this restaurant.  Last Friday, we had a 7:30 reservation.  We arrived on time, coming in after a group of young adults who looked like they weren't dressed for a reservation-restaurant.  They were pretty rowdy.  First impression - not good.  There was outdoor music & we were seated at a table for 8 (we were a party of four) with a citronella candle burning in the center & the suggestion that we could use their bug spray if needed.  It looked like rain & the band was loud.  By 8:00pm we were asked if they could seat another group of four at our table & we said yes, but we hadn't had a server come with water or for drink orders.  We couldn't visit with our friends, so we asked to be relocated into the building.  We got lucky because another group was just leaving....but the four-some sitting with us left because there wasn't another table for them.  It was their first trip to Fieldstone too.  At 8:30, after a long-buggy hour, we got our drinks.  Our waitress was frazzled!  She explained that there was only 1 bartender & 2 cooks & not enough wait staff.  She complained about the party of 12 in the bar area.  I told her that it wasn't a good first impression.  She did her best.  We felt sorry for her.  I think it was 9:15 when we got our  steak dinners.  The salad was iceberg lettuce but the home made dressing was great.  The steaks were done to perfection.  We ordered two desserts - also great!  And we left at 10 pm.  I guess my complaint is that the owner/manager never came over to our table & she was in the building sitting with other "friends"?  We had several problems that evening & she didn't appear to know what was going on.  And if they were such short staffed - why wasn't she helping?  She was giving tours of her establishment.  Luckily we weren't in a hurry that night & after we received our drinks, we could just sit & visit with our friends.  But the service really was not what I expected.  And the group in front of us & behind us did not have reservations (so the other four-some left unhappy).  It wasn't a good experience.
Rating: 5
Text: I'm sorry but due to my husband's current 
health conditions  the Fieldstone Inn 
Is permanently closed. 
Sorry for the inconvenience. 
