First Western Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed three nights  mid October. Great deal, comfy huge bed, clean enough for my wife to sanction (which is more than O.K. for me) super shower and soft water. Good value.
If you need a cab from here to the city(St Louis)  it should cost no more than $20 including a tip, which is what it cost from Union Station to the motel. I got ripped off by the taxi driver the motel uses, he switched the meter off at $6, said "I'll do you a good price" and nailed me down for $35. Please ask the price first and don't let my mishap detract from the motel and its service.
Rating: 5
Text: Great clean rooms With fast free WiFi and parking spot. 50 inch flat HD TV microwave and refrigerator and low rate! 4 miles away from gateway arch,football and baseball stadium.  I will definitely stay there again
Rating: 5
Text: Everthing is perfect at this hotel. I stayed there at least 15 times now rooms are very large and super clean. Large tv with lots of chanles, radio, digital clock with alaram, microwave, refrigerator, iron, hair dryer, clean shower, plenty of towels in room, super fast free internet. Just a block away off the interstate 55. Great location just  few miles away from st louis downtown
Rating: 3
Text: Anyone who complains about this place is nuts.  It's got everything I wanted for a low price.  It's very clean. Ni cracks in the walls or weird stains.  Comfy bed with a nice comforter on it. No bugs. Nice big flatscreen with plenty of great channels (HBO, ESPN etc.).  Mini fridge. microwave.  Nice, modern A/C, heater combo unit. Wifi of course.  Liquor store, variety stores, gas station combo right beside it. And on top of all that it's only 3 miles to downtown St. Louis.  What more do you want for around $60?  So a tile in the bathroom is cracked - so what?  Don't complain about why it isn't a 3, 4 or 5 star.  If that's what you want, be prepared to pay at least $100+.  I have absolutely no complaints.
Rating: 4
Text: They great for a lastminute service.
Though A bit sour attitude.
Other than that no complaints
