Flagstop Resort & RV
Rating: 5
Text: Flagstop is a great place to camp - everyone (the entire staff) is so helpful, the campsite is clean and maintained so well.  Love it so much - Thanks Flagstop for helping us make great family memories. Always so quick to get back after leaving a message if you do not reach someone.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a great time this weekend! Very nice place!
Rating: 3
Text: Great camping
Rating: 2
Text: When we arrived at our lake house, several things jumped out at use immediately.  The yard was not maintained and you must park in the front yard.  Once we went it you could see a large patch of mold on the ceiling and you could smell something that we didn’t know where it was coming from, we found dirty dishes in the dish washer later.  We found rodent feces on our towels under the sink and around the house, the ceiling fans in several rooms were loose and made annoying noise when you where running  as they are not attached to the ceiling properly.  By the description you think this house is right by the lake, but in reality it is the farthest property they have to the lake, so be prepared to drive to get to a beach to swim.  I would not recommend this to anyone, at least not for the price they demand for it. 
Rating: 3
Text: There for a family reunion June 11th thru the 15th. had .cabins 11 thru 16. The pros: the staff was polite, friendly & helpful. The cabins were neat & clean with a great view of the lake & plenty of open area for the kids to play. Then cabins were furnished with enough dishes & hardware to get by.                                                              The cons: mostly small things but enough to keep me from giving it more then a 3 star rating. #1 the beds are of very poor quality & uncomfortable. #2. they only trashcan in the cabin was in the kitchen(none in the bath or bedrooms) #3 there is no where in the bath to hang your clothes while you shower, #4 there is only one small towel bar in the bath. #5 the linens they rent is not near enough for a cabin they rent for 6 people.  #6 the exit road flooded & could not be used so we had to use a muddy , dirt road to get out. I under stand that the rain fall was heavy But I am sure this has happen before & could of been prevented  with a culvert & a few tons of rock' #7 They lock the gate from 10 PM to 7 AM which is a great hassle to any one who wants to go to town in the evening & since you must have a key card to get thru the gate any way it seems silly to lock your guest out.                                                                              All that being said this could very well be a 5 star resort if the owners would just put a LITTLE though in to the operation of the place
