Flamingo Motel
Rating: 1
Text: My stay was ,,creepy..I won't stay there  again.I don't like being watched !!.overall my visit to Garden City. was awesome. It always good to see family..
Rating: 2
Text: I checked the room out for a week when i was working in the wind turbine laydown yard. Typical roach motel. Old Tv's and really bad Wi-Fi, a lot of the lights weren't working. Plus management was kind of rude to me and my coworkers so we left after the first night. Charged us $85 for a room with three beds, wouldn't come back. The hotel down the road, Garden City Inn will give you an okay 2 bed room plus a cot for roughly the same price. Or if you're a single person and looking for the cheapest Garden City has to offer I also stayed at the New Sunflower Inn and Suites down the road a ways for $250 per week and it wasn't horrid. Hope this helps!
Rating: 1
Text: I travel for a living. Always looking for a great rate. Well this is the worst place I have ever stayed at. Horrible WiFi, room stinks, hole in the ceiling,walls, and doors. Bathroom is so small you have to sit diagonally on toilet. Staff extremely rude.
Stay away, PLEASE! Will update about bed bugs.
Rating: 3
Text: Been staying is,this,motel since aug.over not to bad .once in awhile couples fighting.maybe ladys of the evening .maybe drug dealing.cops once in a,while.but what made me mad .was I went home for the weekend took some stuff to leave at the house and do my laundry and come back.come back on Monday and they have rented my room out to some one else .now am paid up till tuesday.they moved my stuff .went to the office gave another room.but non of stuff is in the room I move out 2 days later they call and say we have your stuff you left in room.i will not ever stay there again.theres other motels in town.
Rating: 4
Text: Good value. Beds are decent. Bathroom could be improved with simple maintaining, examples being the fan not functioning and towel rack unscrewed from wall. A few dead ants, nothing major... They had an exterminator come one day. Fob/nfc keycard. Daily housecleaning was good and consistent. Other than the dead ants. Cox cable on an older tube tv. Overall an acceptable place to shower, unwind, and sleep. Here for my job.
