Flex Stay Hotel Near Fort Leonard Wood
Rating: 3
Text: Nice room considering how cheap it was! Breakfast could have been better. Location was easy to get to. Staff was very friendly! Overall, I'd totally stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Literally the worst place I have ever stayed. Beds are hard as a rock and WILL make your back hurt and for a horrible nights sleep. I have also had my ac set on 60 degrees for almost 3 days straight and my room is still hotter inside than outside and whoever is cleaning the room messes with the settings so it can never get to a good temp! Informed me that they are running low on shampoo and conditioner so they won't be give as many out. Their "exercise room" is an old bed room with a treadmill and a bike in it. Breakfast is just cereal and bagels. When I first got here I went to the front desk for a few min to check in and after a few minutes of waiting for someone to walk out (around 7:30pm I believe) I had to eventually start calling for someone to let them know I am here. The worst service I have ever had and will never recommend staying here to anyone.
Rating: 2
Text: Asked for non smoking room, received a smoking room, didn't smell too bad though. A/c unit had sensor over door & shut off a lot so it took hours for room to cool down. Basic continental breakfast, nothing special.
Rating: 3
Text: Came to visit Fort Leonard Wood for my brother's graduation from bootcamp and booked online using Travelocity. Building was super clean and front desk staff were welcoming and friendly. Decor in rooms could have been better and the floor was super hard like walking on concrete with a very thin rug layed on top. Also felt like I was in an apartment rather than a hotel because we could hear the people above us stomping and running about. Kitchenette was perfect with a full-sized fridge, electric stove stop, and microwave.

Very simple continental breakfast that included bagels, mini muffins, cereal, coffee, tea, and orange juice. Location was great nearby Walmart, Wendy's, and other shops with plenty of other Hotels to choose from. 

Overall stay wasn't bad but could have been much better.
Rating: 5
Text: I thought the price was good, very clean, nice continental breakfast included, and each room came with a kitchen (must supply your own pots and pans, as well as utensil) free wifi and although the reviews said the mattress was firm, I I liked it, and the location was perfect there was an abundance of restaurants and shopping in one street.  I would stay there again.
