Forest Hills Village
Rating: 1
Text: They assumed i had my husband living with and he is a felon so they would not work with me on rent but its cool to let atleast 8 sex offenders in their community always use stranger danger. They are rude..please make sure you check the new trailers they are not put together properly. Be safe stay away.
Rating: 1
Text: Cant give negative stars so have to give one. What a bunch of crooks!!! I moved and two years later got a bill from a collector saying I owed them $2000! DO NOT MOVE HERE! DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE!
Rating: 1
Text: Probably the worst place to own a home.

 The staff only listen to residents whom annoy them with phone calls day and night.

Staff do nothing when people block your driveway.

Staff do nothing when neighbors harass you.

Staff kick you out when you have done nothing wrong.

If they don't like you, they will circumvent the lease you have signed by banning you under a statute that needs no reason for said ban. This way, you have 24 hours to get out.

The maintenance men drink regularly on the job (Just look around the gutter in areas they work all day long for beer cans) Don't pick up litter. Clean up loose soil that washes into the street after they've finished working. Leaving mud and debris everywhere.

The office staff is rude. Very rude. Sure, they're polite at first.. But, soon after you move in, they don't care about any of your concerns.

The pool is absolutely filthy. Never ever swim in it. It is not regularly cleaned and probably never checked to see if the levels are correct.

The roads are in serious need of repair.

All the photos they show online are of the "new" mobile homes, only located in specific areas of the park, visible to the road. Not of the older mobile homes towards the middle of the park.

The police are there almost every weekend. In the summer, your neighbors will shoot fireworks with complete disregard to where they will land. Usually on your roof.... Again, if you complain, the office does nothing about it.

People drive the wrong way up the one way roads. Little kids on go karts and four wheelers and dirt bikes break traffic laws daily.

There is space for only two cars per lot, yet, every one seems ot have five or more vehicles.

This is just the tip of the ice berg.

Thanks for nothing, Forest Hills Village. I would never, ever reccomend anyone ever renting from them.

Oh, almost forgot... They included water into the rent. $50 per month, for a bill that  before this change was about $30 every three months...

Con Artists. Zeman Homes is all about money and not quality of life, that's for sure.
Rating: 1
Text: The office "help" is beyond rude. Always an awful experience dealing with them.
Rating: 1
Text: We want out! It looked good in the beginning.  Now,  nothing gets fixed.  We pay for property that we can't alter. The neighborhood is unsafe and they fix NOTHING. They make a lot of empty promises.  It is definitely a decision I've regretted.  We are trying to sell.
