Forrest Lodge
Rating: 1
Text: Fortunately my friends and are I more of the "laugh at the situation" kind of people. Our visit started off with a smokey lobby, a "sausage w/ legs" dog greeting us at door, a TV that was blaring STATIC (the cable's out was later explained to us - never did say why tv was still on??), and a gentleman employee more interested in talking on the phone than actually checking us in (didn't even know about free breakfast until next day as we were leaving). All of this should have been a clue but nope it get's even "better" -

Progess into a warm smelly hallway to our room #105 (make sure you don't get this room). Open the door and BAM it's literally a frickin sauna in there - probably 110 degrees - no joke. OK OK need to turn on a/c - no biggie - walk over to turn on a/c and notice there is a de-humidifier running (it's water collector overflowing) and the carpet is soaking wet. We assume it's from the machine so I empty the collection bucket and proceed to turn on a/c. The room at this point smells a bit like rotting mice and mold - but based on reception in office we decide this is probably the best it gets so no complaints here. We're in Harlan for a b-day party that's probably going to close the bar down so we're hoping we'll just pass out and not notice the odor or flooded carpet! Get back to room at 3am and it's much cooler in there but the carpet by the a/c literally has water standing on it (apparently that's what the dehumidifier was for??) - the a/c must be leaking into room - explaining the mold on walls and freaky smell. But as previously stated we get undressed, tried to watch TV (cable was still out) and passed out. Now the one plus is that the beds were VERY clean and the mattresses were super comfortable! The next day we get up and get ready to leave that's when we noticed that when you flushed the toilet the pipes in the walls would SCREAM at you - no joke here either - it was loud enough to be disturbing yet super funny @ this point. All in all it was definitely a great place to make memories at and one we'll laugh about for years - but without enough adult beverages to pass out in I wouldn't recommend it under ANY circumstances!
Rating: 4
Text: breat price for a clean room.  FREE wireless internet
Rating: 4
Text: 
