Fort Knox Inn
Rating: 3
Text: Cheap hotel. Definitely not the best place to stay but my room was fairly decent. It did smell like smoke and it wasn't cleaned to perfection. I always clean ANY hotel room I stay in regardless if it's a 5 star establishment or not. After a bit of cleaning it wasn't half bad for the price just be sure to check the room before you pay. There were no bugs in my room and I felt comfortable.
Rating: 2
Text: Tried to check in.  Waited 5 minutes.  No one came to the check in desk.
Rating: 1
Text: The room was disgusting. They said they had cable but the tv was set to digital analog lineup instead of cable therefore you could only get channels 3 & some in the 30s and the remote was an ancient universal which didn't sync with the tv menu so you couldn't change it over. There was a huge old dirty non working metal kitchenette thing stored in one corner of the room. No handsoap or mini bath toiletries. The room was $75 and checkout was at 10:30. There was not enough parking spots so we had to park at a neighboring business. The sheets were obviously not fresh or clean so we ended up using a blanket out of our car and no pillow. Also there was not adequate lighting. There was only one light in the room. It was a table lamp that should have had 2 bulbs in it but one was missing. And the one left was only a 40 watt so the amount of light it gave off was very little. Worst hotel I've ever stayed in. We only stayed there because it was the only place with a vacancy in the whole town and since my husband had to report to Knox that night at midnight and first thing the following morning, staying near by base for the night was his only option. But next time, if that's the only place available then we'll be staying in our car.
Rating: 1
Text: Disgusting. My mother came home covered in BED BUG BITES. The room smelled and the bathroom was horrific. I will never stay there again and I would suggest sleeping in the streets or in your car before going to this crappy Bed Bug Inn.
Rating: 2
Text: It's pretty grungy. They don't even give shampoo.
