Fort Hays Inn
Rating: 5
Text: I was very hesitant because of other reviews, but I was glad we stayed here. It's a simple motel, but its clean. The gentleman at the front was very courteous and efficient. The room was pretty spotless. The bathroom, though small, seemed updated. The ac worked great. Good location and quiet. It was well worth the price. I would stay again. 
Rating: 4
Text: We were travelling through the area and decided to stop for the night in Hays, KS. We had no reservations and nearly all rooms in town were booked. This was the only place in town with vacancies. I was very skeptical when we pulled up to the office as the initial first impression appearance made me think the rooms would be very outdated and unclean. The room was actually a very pleasant surprise! Clean and well maintained! The bathroom had newer looking tiles on the floor and walls.
It is a motel and your experience here will be affected by your fellow travellers. The night we were here was quiet and the vehicle was not tampered with.
Overall a pleasant surprise and a good nights sleep.
Rating: 1
Text: We just stayed here last night and the room smelled like old pee. The bed was so old and broken down and the fixtures were 30 years out of date. The shower had absolutely no pressure. The old good thing about the room was the bathroom had just been remodeled. Do not stay here!!! Oh and the free breakfast was coffee and maybe a muffin. Be aware and don't stay here!
Rating: 3
Text: Average motel. Easy to find off the interstate. Check-in was quick and easy. Clerk was very friendly. Rooms were nice. Beds were super comfy.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is a filthy dump. There were bugs in my bed and bathroom. Colin Williams was notified of this. Mr. Williams refused to reimburse any of my money for the remaining 2 days of my reservation if I checked out. He was EXTREMELY rude. The towels and the smell of the room were also disgusting. They barely did housekeeping in my room. Being in the military, I travel a lot so I've stayed in my share of hotels this by far has been the most HORRIFIC  experience of my life. I don't feel it deserves any stars but I couldn't post this review without one.
