Fossil Rock Rv and campground
Rating: 1
Text: How does a place take a deposit back in October for seasonal campers the following season, then take the remainder of the payment for the season in April and throw everyone out in May refusing to give them their money back for up to a year. The campers were told today that they must be out by tonight 5/17/2016 or they will be arrested? There isn't anywhere in the area to go and most of the campers (seasonal) have given their last dime to stay for the season. Supposedly they have a water issue and the water has been shut off, the health department has closed them down but Fossil Rock management refuses to show the campers any type of letter from the health department. Police say that they do not have a copy of the letter but it should be posted tomorrow. Most of the people have very little income and no where to go. They've also been told they must remove there property within 5 days or it will be leveled. This was posted on Fossil Rock's Facebook page an hour ago; "Fossil Rock is currently closed. Hopefully, it will open again after some issues are dealt with or after it is sold in June. I wish all the campers more good times!"
Rating: 2
Text: My husband keeps our camper here when he is working at Exxon Mobil. While we keep our site looking very nice the rest of the park is barely maintained.  The owners keep telling everyone that they are going to fix the roads and other maintenance problem but they keep putting it off and coming up with excuses.  This place has always been open year round but last fall they gave everyone 60 days notice that they would be closing for the winter so they could make repairs... Well the season has passed but still not much has been done as promised.  Roads have huge pot holes, playground needs repair, and much more.
Rating: 5
Text: Hello:
          My name is Ron and I am the father of five daughters. A few times each summer I take the time to take usually three of my daughters camping at Fossil Rock. I have read all the reviews, both positive and negative and would like to add my feedback. Every time I have arrived at Fossil Rock the daughters and I have been happily welcomed by Wayne. Since I do not bring all my daughters at once, he has always allowed me to pitch two tents on one campsite. The property appears to be very clean and well maintained. Every time I have stayed, including last week, the washrooms and showers were also very clean. (Clean floors, clean counter tops, clean toilets, clean showers, full paper towels and toilet paper) Even the portable toilets around the grounds were clean and surprisingly no smell. As for comparing this area to a Yogi Bear park, people are correct don’t. If you are looking for someone, or something, to keep your kids occupied then by all means go to Yogi Bear. If you are looking forward to doing things and spending time with your kids come to Fossil Rock. When I was young and my brother and I went camping with our dad we slept in tents with no floor out in the middle of nowhere. Today my kids get a nice tent with a floor and roof vents. That is modern enough for me for camping. We arrive and the kids help to set up camp. We start a fire and cook all of our meals over a fire. If you don’t bring wood, someone like Brian will sell you wood. My kids go hiking with me through the back area trails. Sometimes we go fishing. Sometimes we take the top off the Jeep and do a little trail riding. (This is not an area for 4 wheeling and tearing up the ground. Tread lightly.) As for the other people, everyone has been nothing but friendly with us every time we have been here. 
        I’m going to head out to Fossil Rock this Sunday again for a few days. If you see the white Jeep parked by two tents, come on by and say hello. 

Rating: 1
Text: Do not go there. 
Rating: 4
Text: Hello. There are some negative reviews of Fossil Rock and there may be some merit to some of their complaints. I think the most valid complaint is that this is not a campground for tent campers. It is absolutely true that this campground caters to seasonal campers as this is the type of campground it is. So, if you have a travel trailer or pop-up, your experience should be much better.
The campground is under new management, and they have worked very hard and made many improvements to the campground and facilities. The public bathrooms have been remodeled and look great. As a seasonal camper or someone with a travel trailer, you have your own bathroom so there is little need to use a public bathroom.
As with anyplace, there will always be people that are problematic and that do not follow the rules. I have personally seen some of these people kicked out of the campground which is great for all of us law abiding seasonal campers. Believe me, those of us that yell at people driving their cars above the posted speed limit are also yelling at those that we know that are violating the campground rules.
I have been a seasonal camper here for four years and it has been a wonderful experience. The people here are great. It is a community. In my opinion, this is not an ideal campground for tent campers, yet. Before upgrading from tent camping to a travel trailer, we camped at Starved Rock and I thought that that sucked. Yes, we have some people that don't know how to act but I think you will find this true anywhere you go. I think that the new management is working very hard to change the image and to get rid of the riffraff. And as far as there being nothing to do, this is partly true. This is camping folks...you spend time walking around, swimming, fishing and hanging with your friends and family around the campfire, connecting with one another. If you want activities, go to Yogi Bear or Disney World!
