Four Points by Sheraton Kansas City - Sports Complex
Rating: 5
Text: FOR THE PRICE, this is a 5-star great place to stay.  Under $100.  Check in was easy, they even let me check in early.  Staff have all been very friendly and helpful - even the maintenance guy said hello and asked if there's anything I needed.  Room was very clean, linens crisp.  They already had the requested fridge in my room when I arrived.  Bed comfortable, maybe not luxury, but not bad at all.  I read a few bad reviews, but I can't understand.  Either those people are impossible to please, or maybe this place has made some changes.  I highly recommend this place if this is your price point.
Rating: 3
Text: It's a nice hotel seems a little run down. But, nice lobby, friendly staff, nice rooms. We have a double room seems a little small but not bad at all. Pool is nice in the basement away from everything. Has a laundry room. A little pricey but it is the weekend so that's what I expected.
Rating: 1
Text: The rating is against the best room of this property, the only thing I appreciate is the front desk staff who did put effort to make us comfortable, but they don't have one.
i) Humidity was very low.
ii) Heat was not warming up, stayed at 71F.
iii) Refrigerator not worked & spoiled food.
iv) Door had an inch gap at the bottom through which cold air was surfing in.
v) My 4 year old fell sick because of less heat, humidity because of staying here.
Management did nothing for the experience we had that night. Stay away from reviews beyond 2*, did not do any justice.
Rating: 4
Text: This is a good hotel. The road to the hotel is easy to miss, I drove past it twice. The parking is odd and will likely force you to walk quite a ways to the front entrance and I couldn't find another entrance I could use. The lobby is really nice. We got there around 9:00 pm and had to wait a little bit for someone to come to the front desk to check us in. The room was nice and clean, exactly what we'd hope for. Great room. Only problem I had was the bath was only like a foot deep. Though I didn't use the pool, there was a lot of people there I saw who did use it so it must be decent at least. The location is great if you're there for a game, you could walk to the Cardinals stadium. Staff was friendly.
Rating: 2
Text: This hotel was economical, but it was nothing special. One thing to know is that all of the hotels in the sporting activity area charge an extra tax. So if you aren't attending a ball game you will be paying as though you are. The hotel also treats consumers as if they are as well. A 20% charge is added to the bill and is removed as long as the room is in order.

For our stay we ended up in a room that had a strong musty odor the minute we walked in. There was no fan in the bathroom, so if there was moisture in the room, there was no place for it to go. There was no bar soap provided in the bathroom either. All soap/shampoo/moisturizer was dispensed from a device in the shower, which was tough for our youngest to reach.

The beds were adequate twin beds, but nothing special. There was no refrigerator nor microwave. Supposedly this was a deluxe room, but there was little that was deluxe about it. We booked directly with the hotel and paid a bit more than other online services priced the rooms at, somewhat trusting the hotel would treat us right. We won't make that mistake again here.

The staff was decent and hospitable and this hotel met our needs, but we likely won't come back.
