Four Points by Sheraton Charleston
Rating: 1
Text: Singular worst hotel experience  in 35 years of travel. It's hard to find a hotel I can't give five stars. They gave my room away to another guest, with me in it. A nice lady opened my door while I was stretching on the floor trying to do yoga, naked. Then they locked me out of my room. If I had been away, what would have happened to my valuables? Do not trust this hotel.
Rating: 3
Text: I honestly expected this place to be nicer. It was fine but nothing special. It looks like the exterior got a facelift but not the rooms. Id stay here again but only if I got a nice price.
Rating: 4
Text: Good location in Charleston. Rooms were clean, staff was friendly and accommodating. Breakfast was included with my rate but I didn't eat. There is a nice sports bar Attached to the hotel with good food and a nice beer selection. I would recommend this hotel if you are planning on a stay in Charleston, WV.
Rating: 3
Text: The location is great... the hotel was fine but not exceptional for the price.  For the price you should have free parking and maybe even breakfast included. Fortunately, we did have a good time at our function.
Rating: 2
Text: Our stay at the Four Points was a mixed bag marred by several issues. We were part of a wedding party hosted by the hotel. Pros: -Beautiful location on the Kanawha River. -Clean and comfortable rooms. The beds were warm and cozy. They conveniently have shampoo, conditioner, and body wash "on tap" in the shower. -Well put together lobby and lounge, including access to computers and printers. -I can't vouch for food or drinks made to order, but the food prepared for the reception was above average, no complaints there. Cons: -Somewhat greedy policy on room rates. The mother of the groom arrived two days early to spend more time with the family and was not offered the discounted wedding rate for the extra nights. Other family members reported finding a much lower rate for these nights online, so this was a slap in the face for a senior citizen and member of the wedding party. -Service was average to less than average. Front desk staff were helpful enough but lacked the warmth and social skill you typically expect from hospitality workers. I wasn't greeted or asked how they could help, I had to initiate conversation. Two of the reception staff were arguing about outside of work issues, including colorful language within earshot of guests. -We had an elevator scare at one point. When we reached our floor the doors opened about three inches before grinding to a halt. No amount of pushing would open them, but luckily they closed and reopened completely less than a minute later. -On the second day of our stay, our entire floors hallway was littered with used towels. It looked as though somebody forgot to finish their job that day. I'm not talking an hour, this was all day long and into the night. -Poor water pressure in the shower which is obviously affected by other rooms usage. It would go from forceful to weak repeatedly as others flushed or turned on their water. This place should be great, but these little issues added up to spoil the experience. For the price and the Sheraton name I expect better.
