Four Points by Sheraton West Lafayette
Rating: 2
Text: They have an indoor pool.. in the atrium. This is great if you want easy access to a pool. Not great if you don't want to smell chlorine constantly. Additionally the atrium is carpeted. This means that the carpet near the pool is often wet with pool water. Half the rooms face in towards the atrium, and half face outside. If you face inwards, your window looks directly into other rooms or the pool (so you basically just have your curtain's pulled 24/7). It is quite large though, so good for events, and I'm not sure if there's a better hotel in West Lafayette.
Rating: 4
Text: I was part of a group that recently hosted a conference for seventy-five guests at Four Points by Sheraton in West Lafayette.  I was very pleased with the hotel and banquet staff.  They were very accommodating and eager to serve our conference guests.  I also stayed at the hotel during our conference.  My room was very clean and my bed was incredibly comfortable.
Rating: 3
Text: This is a hotel that was once very nice, but had since gone to the wayside. Trash doesn't get picked up in the lobby, the carpet is gross and rippled everywhere, and paint is needed on most walls. In addition to this, the place doesn't smell good. The amenities and location are wonderful, but aside from that, I would pass on this hotel. They have most athletic teams and conferences, so my guess is they are just coasting on that.
Rating: 1
Text: Would give it .5 stars if I could. Horrible experience from start to finish. The staff was extremely rude, the room was disgusting, and they tried to charge me $50, because I missed online booking by 3 minutes. They also would not allow me to cancel my room, even though I was 30 minutes ahead of their 3pm deadline, and the hotel was empty. Even their corporate office reached out direct to me to apologize for the experience, and tried to make up for it on their end. I would have been better off sleeping in my car in the parking lot!
Rating: 5
Text: My in-laws stayed here when they were visiting Purdue for a weekend. It was great. Room was very clean and easy check in. But my favorite part was how the rooms all opened up towards this semi-outdoor space that was filled with trees and covered by a roof supported by timbers. Beautiful, would recommend.
