Four Points by Sheraton Chicago O'Hare Airport
Rating: 1
Text: Avoided this place over a year since the last time I was here, housekeeping came into the room regardless of the green choice being displayed on the door. My bridal shower gifts were stolen and the room was partially clean. The bed was made but the dirty towels were still on the floor. A report was made but nothing was done including an apology. Flash forward to last night, where my husband and I had to stay at this property again. The green choice was disregarded and housekeeping cleaned partially again. This time a dirty towel was left behind, lotion was not restocked, and one bottle of water was provided I stead of two. Regardless, a level of trust and expectation is there that has been broken. I would not recommend this property to anyone and the manager should be ashamed for their lack of guidance to their employees and inadequate customer service for the entire situation.
Rating: 4
Text: I only stayed a couple of hours overnight here since my flight was delayed until morning. The staff at the front desk and on the phone were extremely friendly and accommodating. The price was better than many of the other hotels around. They also had a shuttle to the airport that leave every 20 minutes, 24 hours a day which is extremely convenient. I was pleased with my stay and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were bare bones, no mini fridge in rooms, walls seemed thin - room next to me was just watching news and sometimes they coughed and it felt like I could hear them all. BUT my room was clean and nicely stocked, the bed and pillows were comfy, and the showers were hot and had tons of water pressure. Also the wifi was decent. The restaurant appeared horribly expensive so I didn't go near it. For example, a basic breakfast started at 15 bucks. On Sunday night the hotel appeared to be under staffed, there were uncleaned messes. On the other hand, I attended a two day business event at the hotel and the staff and service for our business event was amazing. The food and coffee was catered by the hotels restaurant and it was excellent. What I wish I had known: with no free parking and high priced food and no way to keep chilled drinks - on other trips to Chicago it might make more sense to stay at a hotel with a higher booking price if it saves me the extra costs.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice hotel. Well kept, good service. Room was no ready when we checked in so we had to wait for about 20 minutes but the desk agent was very nice and told us as soon as it was ready and even offered a few drink vouchers for having us wait, which we declined, but the offer was nice :) We were there for a wedding. Room set up was nice, food was good, and then we visited the bar afterwards. The bar was a bit dated but the bartender was great!
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful on the inside and very nice rooms located near the airport with an airport shuttle. I liked the restaurant happy hour from 4-7pm that offered light fare and drink specials and the items off the menu were just as delicious. We had nice service and clean rooms with very comfortable beds.
