Four Points by Sheraton Lexington
Rating: 5
Text: One of the best hotels ever. Elegant soap dispensers in the shower. Plenty of towels. Great pillows and bed. Able to make the room quite dark for late mornings. Checkout 12 noon. Nice TV a day channels. Good quality furniture. Had some gnats. Toilet small and tight fit near door. My first floor room had a patio to smoke on. Great parking in the back. Very clean place. Remote control sucked. Only the Channel and volume buttons worked. Complimentary water bottle by the sink. Thoroughly enjoyed staying here for the week
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel was incredible. The spaces were clean and the staff went above and beyond to assist me. I was stranded in Lexington due to a flight change and they sent a shuttle to collect me from the airport. Their bar is enjoyable and their staff offered to keep the pool open late so that a few guests could continue to enjoy the facilities. I was offered a late check-out since I was flying out at 6pm, and they paid for my taxi to the airport when the shuttle wasn't running. Overall, I was extremely impressed and would gladly stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms here are newly renovated which was nice. Would have liked a mini-fridge but did not have that. The staff was friendly and helpful but for some reason they put me in the very last room at the end of the building even though they didn't seem very busy. The way the hotel is laid out makes for very long walk if you're in the wrong part of the building. The food at the bar was ok but had a limited selection and were out of many items.
Rating: 1
Text: I'm only giving one star because Google does not afford me the option to give NO stars. 

My boyfriend and I are both SPG preferred members, so we stay with them when we travel and we generally have very favorable experiences with the Four Points we stay in. Except this one.

We came to Lexington to see the Foo Fighters. We were about 20 miles outside of town when we got the news they had rescheduled. We decided to stay in town and go out anyway. The lobby was full of people cancelling their rooms. They were the lucky ones.

Our room was directly across from the laundry room. Housekeeping LOUDLY went down the hallway at all hours of the night and the next morning. The towels were not located IN the bathroom, which means I had to run soaking wet into the subarctic room to grab one. The room was nice and cold due to the LOUD air conditioner that was about to die. Still not as loud as the housekeeping staff. 

At check out, my boyfriend complained. The receptionist would not let him speak to the manager-- who walked by while he was speaking and did not acknowledge a guest with a complaint. The receptionist kept quite rudely asking him, "What would you like to see happen?" IT IS NOT HIS JOB TO KNOW THEIR PROTOCOLS FOR HANDLING COMPLAINTS!!!!

We won't be staying here when we come back to see the FF in May.
Rating: 4
Text: Always great attention at the front desk. Be prepared for slower service in the bar on weekends and busy racing or football days. I really wish the indoor part of the pool could be reasonably warm.
