Four Points by Sheraton Louisville Airport
Rating: 3
Text: Decent place to stay for a weekend trip to KY Kingdom. The bar has some bangin pulled pork nachos and hot wings. We were super hungry and there aren't many places to eat near by so we were delighted at how good the food was. I will say that my comforter was pretty dirty upon arrival. I requested new a one and received super whites/ clean ones immediately. The staff is nice but I think the house keepers may be lazy when no one is looking. This hotel doesn't have the nice attention to detail cleanliness worthy of a 5 star review.
Rating: 1
Text: This was the nastiest hotel I have ever been in.  The lobby is very nice, but the rooms are nasty. They all have white linens with stains. Stains  on the quilt, sheets, and bed runner. We first checked into room 208, stains, they moved us to 508, more stains. Then they moved us to room 421, that room had stains too. We traveled in a large group, altogether my family reserved 5 rooms. We all had stains on the bed sheets. We let the front desk know, the people at the front desk were absolutely great!!! They never made us feel like we didn't matter. They took our complaints very seriously. But there was only so much they could do. They got the house keeping manager involved, her attitude was horrible. She accused us of knit picking, she said their was nothing she could do to please us, and asked us to go to another hotel. I explained that our whole family was at that hotel and the beds having stains not only freaked us out but splitting our family up was a huge inconvenience. She said we can all leave and will be refunded. We gathered our  things went to the lobby and began looking on our phones for another hotel. This took a while because many places were booked. We finally found lodging for all of us across the street at the Hilton Garden Inn ( great hotel, great staff, CLEAN BEDS, same price as Four Points Sheraton). I checked out of the Four Point first no problem, my mother checked out and sister no problems, then my brother went to check out. The house keeping manager refused to let him check out at no charge. I said to her that she told me we could all check out without being charged! She then look me straight in the eye and said she never said that. She lied straight to my face and never batted an eye. I was furious, I stay in hotels at least 5 times a year consistently, travel all over the country for vacation, family reunions, etc. I have never been treated like this. Never walked into a hotel room and had my skin crawl. Never complained to a manager and been treated like this (treated like trash). I missed my event Friday night all because of the Four Points by Sheraton. Buyers please beware before booking this hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Location was nice, close to expo center and Kentucky Kingdom with good access to the interstate. Room was nice, had a fridge and a turn dial microwave. We did notice a few ants by the air conditioner but didn't look like a huge issue. Breakfast buffet was $10per person and looked kinda pricey for what they had set out so we didn't try it so I can't speak towards the quality of the food. Hallways were quiet and you could only hear the airport when really large planes went over.
Rating: 5
Text: Love, love, love this hotel!  They showed me and my youngest extra attention.  I've been back at least 4 times since last November
Rating: 1
Text: Booked 2 rooms 3 weeks ago and got here today and had the wrong rooms. Only for the so called "GM" to tell me there is nothing he could do and he wouldn't refund me my money. Then told me that the hotel can only allow 5 people in the pool at one time. This is a full hotel and people come here to swim and enjoy and we can only have 5 at a time out of 7 floors of rooms? I should have been told this 3 weeks ago when I booked the rooms . I had people come from out of town and I had to deal with this bs. I would never come here again or put this place on my list of hotels. I will be going higher up above this "GM" to get results. Also, watch a lady call the police on the front desk clerk because she tried to make all the kids get out of the pool and i watched and recorded a video of them giving her money back. I know this lady personally and it happened just like that but I couldn't get any kind of help from this "GM". NEVER GO HERE PEOPLE.
