Fox Lake Campground
Rating: 2
Text: The manager Dana is fantastic. She does what she can with what is available. I don't know who the owner is but the primary fishing pond is full of carp and little else. It hasn't been stocked in 6 years. That info was provided by an individual who has been a seasonal camper for several years. I camped the 10 years ago and the fishing was great, the grounds were neat and mowed etc. Last year, not so much. This years, pitiful. I do not hold management responsible at all. It is my opinion that the current owner is trying to put it out of business. Because the occupancy was down horribly this year. Last year there were lots of kids for my kids to play with, this year none except on weekends. I really wish the old owner would buy it back and make it good again, the new owner SUCKS.
Rating: 1
Text: Dont believe any of these reviews . This place is horrible. The road to get to it was bumpier than hell. We were going to stay but checked it out first. It is a dark and nasty awful campground. Dirty looking. Not kept up at all. Pictures on there website are deceiving. Pleas do not camp there. I wouldnt let my dog stay there.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed Friday-Sunday and LOVED it. The staff is so friendly and caring.
Rating: 1
Text: The service here is horrible the receptionist is very rude I called to get a refund and she told me to stop calling that she was eating. I called back the next morning to see if she had heard back from the owner on the refund and she told me to stop calling as soon as She answered the phone. She said I had already called 15 times. When it was my first time calling. All we want is our Refund back please give us our money back.
Rating: 5
Text: Fox lake is a very nice campground, and I would recommend it for everyone. 
It is surrounded by fields, in the middle of country, and has a nice lake to swim in that is a very pretty turquoise color, a bigger lake out back to fish. The management is very friendly and ready to help, not to mention easy to locate for when you have questions. I love Fox lake far better than Amishville by Berne IN.
My only complaint is the showers, usually they are very cold.
