Freedom Valley Campgrounds
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing facility! Great layout! Pond, pool, dance hall, daily events, clothing-optional in designated areas. They have it all. The seasonal campers are very welcoming and accommodating. There's a food stand (Buckeye Barbeque) with an excellent selection. The nearest town is only a short drive away and it's about 20 minutes from Cedar Point. HIGHLY recommended!!!
Rating: 5
Text: This is going to be a long review, I'm just preparing you now. This is my 2nd season at camp. Freedom Valley holds a very, very special place in my heart. I've never felt more welcomed anywhere in my life than I have been made to feel at Freedom Valley. I was extremely skeptical at first as any new camper would be. I'm not the camping type either, like camping for me was staying at a lower scale hotel. The start of your experience begins when you check in and are greeted by Michael or Jeff. 2 of the nicest, helpful and greatest guys, they also happen to be the owners of the camp. Michael answered every single question I had (and there was a lot). I never felt rushed or that I was asking a question he probably heard 1,000's of times. We stayed down in the Valley (several times now)  where there are many accommodations. Electric, showers, water and restrooms. All are impeccably clean, and that's being said by a germaphobe. The atmosphere is truly a vacation/oasis. The landscaping is beautiful. Really, you need to see it for yourself. That's not even the best part. The people/seasonals/campers are. My husband and I have met some of the greatest people/friends/family here at Freedom Valley. Anyone and everyone is willing to lend a hand or ear. Not once have we had a bad experience or had a terrible time. Hell, even when it rains, it's still better than being at your 9 to 5. The pool is heavenly and right beyond it is "Buckeye BBQ". Eric makes food so good that you'll spend more money eating there than you would on a week's worth of groceries. I'm serious. 5 star food at affordable prices. Try the bleu cheese burger and the fries (oh those delicious fries). You won't be sorry or feel anything less than FULL! The camp as a whole is picture perfect, it will be your home away from home. Plus it's where men camp. Can't beat that! #I??FV
Rating: 5
Text: By far the best campground I've ever been to..Always clean, staff and campers are always so welcoming. Never a disappointment.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is gross. Thought I was going camping...as in REAL camping, and it ended up being yet another place for sex. A guy was literally getting fisted in the site next to me. I'd LOVE to be able to find a gay camping site that is devoted to CAMPING!
Rating: 5
Text: In regards to oscar's review

This camp is Nice.  Its clean and beautiful.
Yes there will undoubtedly be people there who will have sex, but thats the case anywhere you put a 1000 people with tents, alcohol, campfires and the great outdoors,
Straight or gay.

Management is nice, the facilities are clean and the guys are Hot !!!
