French Lick Cabins at Patoka Lake Village
Rating: 5
Text: Great location not too far from everything yet far enough to have some peace and quiet. Grounds and cabin were both well kept and enjoyed our stay. Would come back again.

Rating: 1
Text: It's a nice enough cabin. Clean- but incredible overpriced - $200 plus a night for a "delux modern cabin" lol... outdated , they lie about the wifi (who's gonna walk to the "lodge" to randomly get wifi lol ?

You can stay in a 5 star luxary hotel or bed and breakfast for less $ than this cabin costs. 
Comforters , blankets , furniture etc is very outdated . Again- nice and clean- but outdated . Reminded me of what a nice dorm room/ area would look like
Rating: 4
Text: I recently stayed at French Lick Cabins for a bachelor party. Every other place, including this one required multiple nights stay in order to rent a cabin. They actually called me the next day though, saying they had a cancellation and could accommodate me and my party for one night, saving my plans. For a cabin in the woods, all of the amenities were very nice and came at reasonable price. They even set up lift tickets and rental equipment for the ski lodge for us at a cheaper price than if we bought them at the lodge. My one complaint with the place is that they did not include any handsoap in the bathroom for us. They get major points though for remembering that I only wanted one night and calling me when they had an opening.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice. Cozy rooms
Rating: 5
Text: What a great place and great people who own it! It's nestled right in the woods just a quarter mile or so from a nice boat ramp, there are great hiking trails too! The cabins are roomy and well maintained. I can't say enough good about this place! Highly recommended! 

UPDATE 11-16-2015 - Still great! Anyone can have cabins, but not anyone can put the care and comfort into the experience like Jim and Pam can. Some friends and I spent another weekend down there and had an absolute blast. I highly recommend French Lock Cabins at Patoka Lake!
