Frontier Campground
Rating: 5
Text: We had a nice, pleasant stay here. The owner, Walter, is get nice and accommodating. The restrooms and bath house are clean and well maintained. Plenty of showers so you don't have to be stuck in a line. My kids loved the little play house in the playground area. Even on the weekend quiet hours are observed and the campground is very peaceful. It's a great place to camp whether your camping with a large motor home, a fifth wheel trailer, or even a tent. They also have a number of cozy looking cabins available. 
All in all a very pleasant experience.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed two weeks and had great time. The owner was very friendly and helpful. The bathrooms were always clean. We didn't use the activity room, but it looked like lots of fun, and during the summer I'm sure the pool would be too. But being autumn we had fun on the nearby bike trail, hiking, and playing at the playground area. 
The campground is conveniently close to various local attractions, numerous shopping areas, yet surrounded by nature.
We have a tall fifth wheel trailer and so we are often nervous about low branches, but along the road and in the campground there was plenty of clearance for our trailer to park easily and without any problems.
Great place to camp!
Rating: 5
Text: My husbands work keeps us on the road. We have been at Frontier Campground since July. We could not have ask for a nicer campground and owner Walter. I felt very comfortable and safe here while my husband was working. It's a very clean and quite place to stay. I highly recommend Frontier Campground and if we are ever back this way I would definitely stay here again. If you are looking for all the amenities, clean and quite place to stay then Frontier campground is what you are looking for.
Rating: 5
Text: Great atmosphere and very kind, polite owners!!! Even helped my fiancee, who is new to maneuvering a 30ft toy hauler, get backed in to our site. Amenities are great. My 3 and 4 year old boys love the playground and the trails. But were bummed that the pool was drained already since its unseasonably warm but it was expected. Great common area for kids of all ages with cameras as a safety precaution.  Looking forward to the rest of our 4+ months here.
Rating: 1
Text: I grow tired of the back and forth with the "owner" not once have I been apologized to for my unfortunate problems with the campground during my stay. Had once during our talks you even tried to pretend to be sincere with a customer who had an issue with your campground than maybe you wouldn't be ranked one of the worst campsites in the area. You can check every site that does reviews on you. 

I find it sad that you have no care for the individuals that stay at your campground, only about the money they can give you. So go ahead and respond with whatever you will. Say i never stayed, as seems to be your response to every bad review, although you have no idea what my name is. Threaten me with legal actions, as you have with bad reviews. We both know the truth behind this, pretend as much as you wish that your camp has no issues instead of actually fixing them.
