Frontier Motel
Rating: 4
Text: I really enjoyed my stay at the Frontier Motel.  My sister and I were there for three days, and it was a large, clean room that had everything I needed.  The price was just right, and they allowed my small dogs without too much of an extra charge.  The young woman who was working the counter was also helpful and friendly.  It is an older motel, but that only added to the charm of it.  It was conveniently located to where I was going in town, and the on-site restaurant provided excellent small town, home style breakfasts.  I definitely recommend this motel.
Rating: 3
Text: Small hotel but clean, quaint and friendly.  For the price, can't beat it.  Had a pleasant experience here.  The restaurant next door is also super friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: This expedia booking gave odd first impressions, but had everything I wanted for a quick evening stop. Cost about $20 less then my usual hotel bookings.  The one bed space featured microfridge, bathtub with shower, two chairs plus a bench thing. The electric outlet beside the bed in room 24 didn't feature any sort of night stand under it.  The random bench was moved to serve as a night stand and table as needed.  I was uncomfortable going back to the office for the WiFi password because of the note on the door saying ring twice to wake me to rent a room.  The check in lady was really nice at check in, and I hated to wake her at 10pm so I skipped that. ((Hint, find food before 9pm in this town!))  Saw an apartment through the open door at the back of the office the next morning so she really does man the desk 24 hours a day. 2 rings to wake her is not much to ask when she is polite at 8pm and 8 am.  Little oddities hint at the staff doing the best they can while never being given a real budget.  The rock garden just past the office was cute, and the two outdoor benches and outside chair by the motel building provided seating down by some of the other rooms, and spaced out so they seemed to belong even if they weren't beside every room. Would stay here again if needed, but not overtaking my preference to stay in North Platte when going via 83. To much effort for 4 stars, but 4.5 is not an option. Great job with location limitations.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean, lots of amenties (mini fridge, desk, microwave), plenty of room, and friendly staff. Unexpectedly nice for a small town, older motel.
Rating: 3
Text: Not a bad place to stay for the evening. Clean and friendly. 
