Galena Log Cabin Getaway
Rating: 1
Text: Beware! This place is a joke on you if you stay here. You have been warned. This place might have been nice decades ago but this place is falling apart, unfriendly, and dirty. This is the first vacation we have left early due to not feeling safe.

Here is a summary of what we survived in one night. You will arrive with nobody to great you at the office only an envelope with the cabin you are to drive to. Later that night Frank, the owner, will barge into your cabin, which will startle you since you don't know who this stranger is coming into your cabin in the pitch dark (remember to bring a flash light). He brings a gallon of water and a trash bag that contains your "breakfast" (couple of yogurts, muffins, and oranges).

The cabin is dirty and run down. You will find insulation foam around the doors and in the walls. The bottom of the door had at least a 1 inch gap on the bottom allowing anything to get into the cabin.  You will find plenty of spiders, flies, beetles, and other insects. The floor is dirty with dead bugs and dust. Many spiderwebs abound throughout.  

The water is a horrible color with the rust/iron in the water (think yellow/orangish), please see the photos of the whirlpool tub. The paint is pealing and floors becoming warped. The fireplace flickers on and off. Dirty comforter with hair on it. Water stained curtains. 

The final thing that pushed us to leave early is something some rodents living in there we kept hearing and awaking up to that we could no longer feel comfortable and safe.

This place is an epic fail. Only if you want to live completely rustic would you go. However, that is not what this place is advertised as and for that it is a total NOT recommend.
Rating: 4
Text: I've always loved the simple, sturdy beauty of a wood/log home. These well-built, clean cabins are comfortable and were a fun experience for the kids. They are also well-located for many of the natural attractions of the Galena area.
Rating: 1
Text: Nooooooo Dont Do It!!  These pictures are Super, super deceiving. Stay some where else!! I CAN NOT EMPHASIZE ENOUGH!!
Rating: 4
Text: We've stayed in the cabins for 8 years now, a regular trip with friends.

What you are getting is peace and quiet and isolation. You aren't booking for fancy amenities like wifi, massages, pillow turndowns or chef's breakfast. You're getting quiet, star filled skies at night, quiet alpaca visits, and cozy cabins for snoozing. 
Rating: 1
Text: Log cabin was very disgusting. Cob webs and spiders everywhere. Rust everywhere in the tub and around it..deffiently not a "whirlpool tub" like advertised. Outside was not kept up at all. Kept like a murder film. Would not reccomend!!
