Galt House Hotel
Rating: 2
Text: My husband attended a conference at the Galt House for work and because it was paid travel we were required to stay at this hotel. Had we had the option to stay elsewhere, we would have.  The lobby is very beautiful with a unique and historic look, however once you get to your room, it is clear that the hotel does not put nearly as much money or attention into comfortable guest rooms. The hotel has been updated but poorly. The carpet is covered in stains and these are the worst hotel beds I have ever encountered. The mattress in my college dorm was more comfortable. The bedding is equally poor. The hotel does not even bother with providing a fitted sheet for the mattress, so the flat sheet was constantly sliding down and exposing the mattress underneath. 

This hotel is not worth the nightly rate they charge, nor deserving of a 4 star rating. You would be better off at a Hampton Inn or Holiday Inn express.
Rating: 4
Text: My sister won a Bell Award so my family along with a large number of her friends attended the gala at the Galt House. The event included a reception, dinner, and the award presentation. The hospitality of the hotel as well as the service was outstanding. The signage inside the hotel made it easy to find where we were going and they had people available to help just in case we needed. The hotel itself was well maintained and the grand ballroom where the event was, beautiful. The only issue with the night was the food wasn't quite right. The salad was outstanding, the entree wasn't. We were served salmon, beef, green beans, carrots, and potatoes. I enjoyed the potatoes and the salmon wasn't bad but nobody else at my table really liked the salmon. None of us enjoyed our beef (steak) as it was prepared quite unevenly. We weren't given a choice in how it was cooked and some of them were rare, some med, and mine was cooked all the was to the middle on one side then the other side was more med. It was almost like two different steaks from where it was cooked so unevenly. Thankfully after my salad it only took took half my salmon to fill me up. Unfortunately that meant I had no room for dessert which others raved over. The night was quite enjoyable though as everything else was perfect.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice accessory places - restaurants, lounges, 24 hr snack & salad & sandwich area. Very nice & friendly staff everywhere we went. Very comfortable beds. The rooms decor and bathrooms are outdated though. I stayed in the Executive Suite and it was very spacious. No microwave though. Refrigerator kept freezing things.
Rating: 5
Text: The Galt House was a great place for the event we hosted. We were on the 3rd floor and everything was set up and decorated beautifully. The staff were friendly and always around to help out. The rooms were quite spacious. The parking garage attached is pretty pricey, but that is to be expected. Overall, loved it and would book it again
Rating: 3
Text: This place is... not in great shape. There was duct tape holding the carpet together on a lot of my floor. The walls are scuffed and the was a musty smell on guest floors. The bellmen wouldn't allow guest use of a luggage cart.. but took 45 minutes and two calls to show up to the room. On the other hand, the rooms are nice. Nicely sized, a/c works well, and one of the nicest bathrooms in a hotel I've stayed in. Also a good downtown location. I'd probably stay there again. It wasn't the worst hotel I've stayed in, but it's probably not too the standard they'd like to think of themselves.
