Garden House Bed & Breakfast
Rating: 5
Text: What an experience!! Master Chef, history and story teller. Character. One of a kind fun experience. I will definitely go back.
Rating: 5
Text: Great little hidden gem with great accommodations! Owner very friendly and a great chef! 
Rating: 4
Text: We enjoyed our stay very much.  Our hostess/innkeeper Phyllis was delightful.  Breakfast was 
excellent.  Would stay here again!
Rating: 5
Text:  I never thought I'd really have any strong desire to want to go back to Hannibal, Missouri but then I stayed at the Garden House & that changed everything. It's such a quaint victorian home. The owner was absolutely nice, interesting and worldly. He reminded us of Anthony Bourdain (i laughed reading other reviews saying he was rude. Quiet? busy? yes. Rude? No way, jose!) He's the owner of a THE BEST restaurant in town. (Always busy. Make a reservation!) Comfortable rooms. The morning breakfast was 2 courses. Probably the classiest breakfast i've ever had. We were so sad leaving.

I hate even admitting this, but we almost stayed at a chain hotel in town because it was a little cheaper. SO SO happy we paid the extra $50 and went with this B&B instead. It was the best decision we made. You get what you pay for. My BF & I are huge foodies, who love traveling the world as much as I can! And we both can honestly say we talk about Garden House quite frequently. We just absolutely loved it! 

If you love the finer things in life, Garden House is the place to stay at! We will be back!!! xoxo
Rating: 1
Text: I have no idea if the actual accommodations are nice or not, because I couldn't get past the rudeness of Chris when I tried to work with him on the phone.  I had reservations that needed to be cancelled and asked to make new reservations for another time.  He answered every question of mine with a one or two word answer, offered no help whatsoever, was brusque, terse, and rude.  I asked, "Are you always this friendly?" and he told me I could stay somewhere else.  So I will.
