Geneva National Resort
Rating: 5
Text: I've never given a review before, but I would like to say this place is awesome! My new bride and i were treated like a king and queen. We had one of our best days there, while visiting the lake geneva area. The Trevino course was top notch and I highly recommend the hunt club for supper. I had the best bone - in ribeye I've ever had, so I had two.
Rating: 3
Text: Very nice golf courses, well maintained and challenging.
The pro shop however has mismarked clothes and unfortunately I wanted a logo shirt.
My closet has 14 golf shirts, all large, never have to try them on... because I'm a large.
Total hassle and had to pay to get a refund, people in the pro shop are questionable at best.
I love the event I support, but not the shop.
Rating: 5
Text: I played the Palmer course at Geneva National in early August after a fairly active rain season and the course was in perfect condition. The Palmer Course offered plenty of challenge, with emphasis on placing your shots in the perfect points of every hole. The greens offer plenty of challenge and are lightning fast in the summer. The course finishes with holes 16 & 17 playing out at Lake Geneva, with 18 pointing back at the beautiful club house. This course is not short on great views. I can't wait to get back and try out Trevino & Player courses.
Rating: 2
Text: This place starts out with the bagman literally screaming at me in front of the clubhouse because I wanted to carry my clubs to the cart, a grown man screaming at a customer.  Then getting nickel and dimed for range balls, $6 when they charge $140+ for a round of golf. Grab those range balls which look like they keep them stored in lake Como. Showed up to the tee 2 minutes prior to our tee time and they have a threesome starting to tee off, either they are way behind already or they fit them in, either way poorly run  tee times.  After 9 holes we have hit 2 hours and 48 minutes and there are 3 groups waiting on the same hole, 18 is supposed to take 4 1/2 hours according to the scorecard. The ranger comes around finally and says they are 6 minutes behind schedule and then laughs and drives off smugly as he completely fails at a rather easy job.  This used to be a nice place to play golf but I have had much better experiences at Grand Geneva and Hawks View for less money.  Starter was nice and the course layouts are good. 
Rating: 4
Text: They were super nice helping my elderly dad back up to our parking spot in a golf cart. This was during the Fourth of July celebration festivities
