Goose Hill Downs Bed and Breakfast
Rating: 5
Text: Truly an awesome, amazing experience!

The owner, Rene’, was an amazingly friendly person, not to mention an astounding cook. She greeted us as we arrived and showed us to our room. She made small talk and explained the general layout of the beautiful farm the B&B was located on, and about the house itself. She made it clear from the start that she was there to make us comfortable and handle any issues we might have, which was comforting. She even took my wife and our son on a trip to feed the animals and to see the barn, which he had wanted to do.

We were in the “Blue” room which was very nicely, but efficiently decorated and in the lower level of the home. The room had a private bath and king size bed. She gave us several options for our little one’s sleeping arraignments, and after we left for the evenings events came in and set up his little cot, which was far nicer than any roll away bed. She asked up what time we wanted our breakfast and offered to serve us in the lower level’s common area.

After the events that night we returned and the house was gorgeous at night. Sitting on top of a ridge, and well lit, it was welcoming even though we appeared to be the only ones awake. We entered through the private entrance to the lower level and headed to bed for the night. The only downside we ran into was the temperature of the room, as we like to sleep like penguins. While I am sure Rene’ would have gladly adjusted it to suit us had we made her aware, it was easily placated by opening a screened window and enjoying the cool fresh fall air.

The next morning as we were showering and preparing for the day I got a text from Rene’ that said our breakfast was placed and ready. I was expecting slightly more than a continental breakfast, but surprised to find a well decorated place setting with country style ham, fresh chopped pineapple, orange juice, and the best scrambled eggs I have ever eaten. It was delicious and fulfilling. Perfect before our busy day ahead. As we were enjoying our meal Rene’ came downstairs to check on everything and made small talk as we ate, while also playing with our son.

The next morning we were showering and packing and again I get a text that our food is placed and ready. This spread was even better than the morning before. She had prepared a delicious, homemade “French Toast Casserole”, sausage links, fresh strawberries and bananas, orange juice, and more of her amazing scrambled eggs. This was one of the best breakfasts I have had, and again, protein packed and perfect for our crazy busy day.  Rene’ again came down to check on everything, and even brought us fresh baked cookies to take with us. Truly could not have asked for a more caring and friendly host.

Overall our stay was fantastic. The extra care Rene’ took to make sure our family was taken care of, the amazing food, the gorgeous house and property, and the comfortable, spacious, and clean room and common area was exactly was we needed for our stay. I would have no issues about returning, and will gladly refer family and friends.
