Grand Central Hotel & Grill
Rating: 3
Text: The restaurant is pretty plain. The front of the building is the only thing that reflects it being an old hotel. The food was good but way overpriced and it took close to an hour to get there entrees and one soup (soup, a pasta dish, chicken strips and a steak). A couple came in, after our order was taken, they ordered and was eating while we were still waiting.
I probably would go back, if someone else was paying!
Rating: 4
Text: Amazing streaks.  Simply delicious meat cooked perfectly.  However, their host staff is wanting.  We waited for over five minutes at the front desk to be seated; no body came from the back to check on the front.  The sole waiter was running around from the back to the side door, and he also did not come to the front.
Rating: 1
Text: Had been told the food was delicious. Stopped in early afternoon. There couldn't have been 10 people at the most in the place (including our party of three.) Waited approximately an hour on a hamburger and fries. When the food finally arrived the bun was like shoe leather and the fries were as close to burned as they could possibly get. They were thick fries and they crunched! Took half home and since the bun was rubbery to start never even tried to microwave  it. Threw it in the trash. WILL NEVER RETURN OR EVER RECOMMEND. I'd give it a 0 if possible.
Rating: 5
Text: A must visit. Great steaks and prime rib. Best steak I have had in Kansas and that is saying something!
Rating: 1
Text: First disappointing visit I've ever had to Grand Central. Probably overtipped the waitress, although perhaps not, because she may have also been preparing the food. Whoever was in the kitchen did not know the definition of "saute". My guest had "sautéed" jumbo shrimp, which appeared to be boiled or steamed. I had the small filet San Angelo, which I have enjoyed in the past. The shrimp were not jumbo, and had been boiled or steamed until mushy. Still can't figure out how mushrooms were cooked without a trace of liquid nor butter on them. And the garlic was minced, but raw. I was embarrassed that I had invited a guest to eat here. I sincerely hope this was a fluke, but if a chef competent to prepare the menu is not available, I think it only fair to warn patrons in advance.
