Grand Islander Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: 5/5

My experience was pleasant from what I remember. I was just blabbing about the fine quality of your establishment to my associates over at the country club. I was there for the time the goats got loose over at the boardwalk. Great times!

Regards,

Doc Gumby
Rating: 1
Text: I don't ever write reviews but I would like to explain how horrible my experience was at this hotel. I was here here for work they started off by messing up with only giving us 1 room for 4 grown men. Okay that's not that big of a deal but the man at the front desk had an attitude and told us he can't help us. We had to wait until his boss came in for her to fix the problem. 2. We was booked for 2 nights they locked us out after the first night and again the same guy at the front desk had a can not help you attitude. He finally gave us keys to get back in the room and then proceeded to argue and tell me I could sleep on the street tonight. The customer service here is very unprofessional. The rooms are small no fridges window a.c. that barely works. The beds are very uncomfortable . my overal experience at this hotel is horrible and I travel a lot for work and stay at hotels all over the U.S. if anyone asked me where to stay on this island I would tell them anywhere but here.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location it is close to everything. It had a nice pool with a bar in the middle and on the second floor it has level 2 which is a club. This place is great if you are planning on being out. Decently clean and after you check out they offer free luggage storage. Staff was friendly and useful. Hotel was overpriced but then again i booked  during last minute on 4th of july weekend
Rating: 1
Text: The carpet in the lobby and hallways is absolutely disgusting and the rooms are unkept. My fire alarm was hanging by the wires from the ceiling and the door had all kinds of dents in it. Not some place I would want to stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Went there for drinks on bar crawl. Wait staff was great and personable. Would come back. Curious about actual hotel amenities
