Grandpa's Farm Campground
Rating: 3
Text: The people here were super nice and friendly. The campground itself does have everything that it says it does but it felt like everything was packed in pretty tightly. Not a lot of space from one camper to another. It also runs right along the highway so you hear traffic all night long. You can't beat the service of the office staff and those that work here though.
Rating: 4
Text: We camped here for a weekend in late July. Nice little campground that the owners definitely take pride in.

Pros: 
Very clean. Showers, pool, and restroom area are above average for a campground.
Close to town if you need to make a quick trip in for items. Activities, arcade, and plenty to do for kids. 

Cons:  Noise, very close to a st. Route and difficult to sleep at night if you're not in a nicer camper.

Overall: Very reasonably priced and a nice family campground. Not the place if you're wanting a wild weekend of late nights. I would come back and recommend!
Rating: 4
Text: Had a great time. Our site was awesome, 38. You could hear the river flowing across the rocks. Very pleasant. We had an unfortunate incident with our camper on the first night but the owners were very kind and didn't hesitate to loan us the necessary tools to fix it. It would have been better if the weeds were trimmed off the bank for better viewing of the river and some makeshift steps for access but this was not a negative. The only thing I would recommend to the owners is a type of privacy fence along the road. We would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: We are just completing a month-long stay here, it has been so very restful and relaxing. The owners are on site, work constantly to keep the area pristine and appealing with lots of flowers, landscaping and cute decorations. The sites are gravel and mostly flat, there are picnic tables and fire rings at each site. They offer hay rides on weekends as well as a Sunday worship service including coffee and donuts. This is a friendly and safe place to spend time in.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I just recently bought a camper and started camping.  Grandpa's Farm was our 3rd camping experience.  Awesome place!  We loved the heated swimming pool.  Really enjoyed hearing the sound of the running river that runs along the campground.  There is a nice recreation area with pool, arcade games, air hockey and some others.  Very family friendly campground.  We were impressed by the fact that we were escorted to our spot when we arrived.  Mark and Michelle made us feel very welcome.  Would highly recommend.
