Grand Geneva Resort & Spa
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed at the Grand Geneva Resort & Spa for a weekend, it was very nice. It was a quick weekend trip and we came up Friday evening and left Sunday morning. We spent Saturday over at the indoor water park at the adjoining Timber Lodge. The rooms are nice and the resort itself is welcoming. The rooms are well-furnished and comfortable. The restaurants have good food and are reasonably priced but you need to make a reservation on weekends. A good experience overall.
Rating: 3
Text: We and another couple stayed here several times about 30-35 years ago when our kids were growing and we enjoyed the hospitality the scenery the golf courses and food. We returned last weekend and again enjoyed the hospitality and the scenery. We are now in late seventies and eighties with disabilities including one with a stroke and others with lowered strength, we found that the rooms and building has never been upgraded to new needs for elderly and disabled! Rooms are dated, bathroom with dim lights and floor wet and slippery. The ramps Are too steep, elevator drops you to LL level and then you manage the stairs. the restrooms are good, clean and roomy but too far from the restaurant and the lobby.  I will not recommend this potentially nice resort to anyone with disability or limited strength. My recommendation is simple, get a consulting firm and upgrade the place, it can be an excellent friendly resort. We paid $344.12 per night and was a discounted rate.
Rating: 1
Text: They don't care about victims of fraud. Someone had fraudulently used my card to purchase a stay here. We noticed the purchase pending on our account. We scrambled to get this resolved. I called my bank and reported my card stolen and we contacted the third party booking site that the stay was booked on. The third party site said they could not do anything because the hotel said it was too late to cancel. The stay was purchased on a Thursday, we caught the fraudulent charge Saturday and the stay was for Monday and Tuesday. When we called  this resort  directly they said it was too late, even after explaining to them that it was a fraudulent purchase. The lack of understanding and concern we got when we called made things worse. They didn't even offer to look into it. They just said it was too late.
Rating: 5
Text: Great facility!  Gorgeous property.  Went there for a convention. Great meals. Great service.  Everyone working there was so friendly, and beyond accommodating.  It was obvious that everyone there, genuinely,  cared  about our experience.
Rating: 4
Text: If you choose to read this review, please read to the end. If you choose not to read to the end, here is a short version. I stayed in the hotel and had a pet friendly room that had some stains. I bought it to attention when checking out, and was given some money back on my stay. I was there with a large party of people, and got to see the inside of 5 other rooms, one of which was pet friendly, and all of which were in very good condition. I think my experience was a fluke as all the other rooms I had seen we're in good shape. Onto the long version. I attended the hotel for a wedding. My stay was one night. The wedding was at the "mountain top." A few nights before my stay, I called to change my reservation from a regular room, to a pet friendly room. Which was a big plus to be able to bring my dog along for the trip. When I arrived, the staff was very helpful to get me checked in, get my luggage into the room, as well as to direct me to where the wedding was taking place. When I got to my room, I was a bit disappointed. It was a pet friendly room, but there were stains on the carpet, stains on the shower curtain, and stains on the washcloth. Since I was already late for the wedding, I just went ahead and changed, then headed to the wedding, to deal with the room later. The following morning, when checking out, I made the lady at the front desk aware of the issues I had with the room. I didn't make a big deal out of it, I moreso just let her know there were issues with the room. A few hours after checking out, I got a phone call from the manager, apologizing for the rooms condition. Although it was a pet friendly room, he reassured me that the room should not have been in that condition, and offered me money back on the stay. Which I was very happy to hear. I was with a large party of people for the wedding, many of which were staying in their own rooms. So throughout the night I was able to see the inside of 5 other rooms, one of which was also pet friendly, and they were all in superb condition. No stains. No issues. So I'm assuming the room I stayed in was a fluke. The cleaning crew were made aware of the stains, and I believe the problem has been remedied. Although my stay had it's hiccup, I was still pleased with the resort. The wedding turned out beautiful. I would stay there again.
