Grand Harbor Resort & Waterpark
Rating: 5
Text: I just stayed there for a wedding this past weekend.  Not only was the hotel conveniently located, but the staff was incredible and so accommodating.  I had lost my phone and both Robin Markus and Brenda  Meyer looked not only on the inside of the building for me, but looked outside and around as well.  I've never had hotel employees be so wonderful and treat me as if they knew me personally.  Staff like that is always appreciated in my eyes.  Rooms were cozy and comfortable.  Will definitely be staying there again in the future.
Rating: 4
Text: Was here for a wedding and night stay. The event center was beautiful and food was great. This facility was a great location. The hotel was decent. The rooms are just in need of updating. Breakfast buffet was much worth the $7.
Rating: 5
Text: As a co-owner of Absolute Music, I am happy to give a 5 star review to the Grand Harbor. They do a fantastic job. We love DJing events here!
Rating: 3
Text: Very disappointed. 2 night stay for our son's wedding. Soap scum around bathroom faucets and after room cleaning the 2nd day, it hadn't been touched.  Asked for clean linens, even told the cleaning staff just outside our door,  and the fitted sheet was still off of the corner as we had left it that morning.  Simply threw on the spread and fluffed pillows. Doubt if sanitation is priority.  With a 2 day stay, at least 3-4 times we required new keys, as our did not work.  Only reason for 3 stars, staff was kind and helpful, all personnel was very cordial.
Rating: 5
Text: We went here for a family vacation and really enjoyed it. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room was clean. My only complaint about the room was that it didn't have a place to plug in our phones without upluging something else. The water park was really fun. I thought they did a good job of having something for all ages. They had a zero entry pool for the really young kids, a fun "ship" with a ton of sprinklers and lots to climb on, as well as slides for the older kids. There was also hot tubs, a lazy river, small regular pool and a pool with basketball hoops. If we are ever in the area again we would definitely stay again!
