Grandma's RV Camping
Rating: 1
Text: We visited today to check the place out because it is closer to my husband's work. There were several signs at the entrance, we read the pet policy because we have dogs and were interested in the rules, and several others.  We drove through, came back around to see the part we missed, and planned to stop in and talk. An older man honked at us, got out of his car and was extremely rude. Asked why we were there, we explained our interest, and he got even ruder, stating that we needed to check in, didn't we read the sign. There are seriously 5 or more signs when you enter! Through out the park there are dozens of signs reminding you about their pet policy and other rules. The place is unfriendly with all those signs, and the employees are just as bad.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice campground. The sites were spacious and the campground was clean and well maintained. It's clear they are proud of their campground and work very hard to keep this campground nice. There is plenty of room to walk your dogs. I didn't mind all the signs to pick up after your dog at all. I wish more rv parks would in force their rules like that.
We stayed overnight in a motor home. It was close to the interstate, easy to find. We liked it and would stay here again.
Rating: 2
Text: Had a bumber cover stolen. Water spigot was underground and leaking - no chance it was sanitary. Seriously close to our neighbors. We didn't have any issues with our dogs, but based on the "rule book," that was a surprise.

Does every RV park have to be right next to train tracks?

It was easy on and off the road with diesel close by, which was a plus
Rating: 1
Text: Grand-ma's RV Campground is listed as an Amazon approved campground.

I just would like to relay a conversation I just had with Darlene. 

Darlene stated: I bend over backwards for Rhonda at Amazon. I have 5 spots open but you can't have one. I reserved a number and I won't be giving a spot to an Amazon employee until December 25th at the earliest."

I said: "Okay then I look forward to your call December 25th with a spot."

Darlene said: "You may or you may not I don't owe Amazon or their employees anything and go ahead & tell Rhonda that."

So, if you could please "let Rhonda know that", I would be appreciative.  

That is the only can within walking distance (1.5 miles), I have no other means of transportation.  I realize that is of no concern to Amazon, understandably.  However, I had called and put myself on a waiting list there on October 11th when Amazon informed me of my background and drug clearance.  I'm not sure why they have a waiting list if they have no intention of accepting any more Amazon Workamper.

I simply felt you should be informed of their attitude towards Amazon and the Workamper Team.

That was after checking several times before the actual truth was spoken.

Individuals in a Hospitality Service business that obviously do not know the meaning of Hospitality. Sad!
Rating: 5
Text: Just checked in... Im not sure about the other reviews on here but I am going to report just strictly on my experience. 
Tje man in the office was very helpful. He was friendly and had a good sense of humore. He answered all my questions since i am here for the Amazon Camperforce. They currently do no habe any sites available for that program but i am kinda in limbo now due to amazon anyways. He helped with me hook up .. Was not rude about my dogs. Does he have rules... Yes... This is his property and I dont know anyone who wants to step in poo or have shrubs killed due to dog urine... I can respect someones property and rules. 
All and all seems like hes been given a bad rap .. I would DEFINATELY return simply due to how i was treated at check in.
