Great Wolf Lodge Kansas City
Rating: 5
Text: As a returning customer we have been happy year after year with Great Wolf Lodge.  The magiquest is fun, but wouldn’t recommend for a child under 6. We get the most out of the indoor water park.  My kids loved the addition of the candy shop.  The boys had fun in the arcade.  Check the website for discounted rates if you are planning a trip in advance.
Rating: 5
Text: Kids always have a blast here. Rooms are very spacious. Water park of course is the main attraction though and seems to have something to do in the water for all ages. Can't comment on the restaurant though. We ate outside the hotel. Plenty of eating establishments all around the hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Our overall stay at Great Wolf Lodge was awesome. The room was beautiful and good sized and the price was reasonable, as it includes the park visit/ grand lobby fun. I wasn't able to hear families through the walls, and as I had two babies with us, that was important. The water park was oodles of fun, I loved the amount of toddler friendly activities! There were a few "downsides" the water pressure in our shower was almost non-existent and the "fitness room"( I'm not sure it could be truly considered that) was hot as the first layer of hades. My only regret is that we weren't able to stay longer and experience more of the park!
Rating: 3
Text: Nice hotel but hotel is pricier and pool closes at 8:30. Would be nice to have it open later. Nice buffet breakfast for $10 includes, beverage and tax. Have to book when. You reserve to get the reduced price. If not it's a 14.99 buffet and 1.79 for drink.
Rating: 4
Text: Fun indoor water park, the tube slides were great. Our room wasn't ready until almost 5 (an hour after check in time). 
Upon leaving I stopped by the front desk to tell them our phone did not work, good thing I did because someone charged food to our room! They did take the charges off & told me they would review the charges & as of yet I have not been charged. Someone did not do their job & we almost paid for it!
