Greenwood Inn
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed at this location over the weekend and if I could rate a place with zero stars this would be that time! We paid just under $200 for these two nights. Not only was the front desk rude when we checked in after driving 7+ hrs to get there but she was not informative like most places to let us know where our room was, what time check out was, when breakfast was, etc. After getting to the room that smelt like straight dog poop we noticed our microwave was broken, our sink was broken, the bathroom had pubic hair all over and what looked like old vomit in the bathtub. We had only one small bar of soap offered by the sink that had a hairdryer with a broken cord, and the Kleenex box holder empty, broken, and sticking out (which my toddler easily could have cut her finger on). The beds had very small flat pillows and sheets that were stained yellow in multiple locations. During the stay i told the cleaning lady id like new towels ( they were stained and dirty looking)  and our bedding changed while she was in the hallway and she was very nice and said she would. Although when we returned that evening the same towels were folded back up and stacked and the bedding was still the same. When I went to tell the front desk the next morning she said nothing was broken like that when we got there... (Right). Their "continental breakfast" was comprised of old danishes and freezer burnt egg burritos you could warm yourself. I was so disgusted by this location I spent as little time in the rooms as possible and refused to even shower there. When I went to check out the next morning and speak with a manager of course there was nobody to be found and a small bucket that said "drop your key here to check out" I'm sure that is due to the complaints they probably receive after people stay the night there. All in all I would rate this the WORST hotel I have ever stayed at and we travel A LOT!
Rating: 3
Text: I was very very tired....the room is CLEAN AND COMFY...ONLY EVERYTHING IS OLD OLD....no flat screen, old worn out recliner...mattress okay...antique phone....and slow drains...but they were friendly east indian folks.....the whole place smells of CURRY!!! ?
Rating: 5
Text: stayed here when the interstate was closed. great hotel to stay. will come back again.
6/01/17  came back and stayed again. wonderful stay. thank you
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed here for 2 nights while visiting family in Kansas. The WORST customer service experience I have ever received while staying at a hotel. The complimentary breakfast was a joke. Our room did not get cleaned by housekeeping (towels weren't switched out, bed wasn't made, trash wasn't emptied, etc.) at all during our stay. When we let the front desk know they said there was nothing they could do to help us.  There were yellow stains on the bedding. The entire hotel is run down and smells of body odor smell. I do not recommend staying here and next time I visit family I will be staying elsewhere!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here a few times. Good job guys, keep it up. God bless and all the best
