Green's Canoe Rental
Rating: 2
Text: The place is in a state of disrepair. Lots of junk in campground. There was even an abandoned fridge in the main pavilion. o_O
Rating: 5
Text: Great camp ground
Rating: 1
Text: I went through greens canoe rental to rent our rafts. (2) 8 men and (1) 6 man rafts. a good friend recommended them. So I figure let's give it a shot. Turns out greens is afiliates with birds nest. So when we paid,signed and got to our drop off. We were given (2) 8 men and a 4 man. I advised the guy that was incorrect we paid for  8 men and a 6 man. He said "well that's not what the paper says" and I advised "well looks like you need to get a hold of someone to get that corrected. Or I need to get back my 500 and we can go some place else to float." So the guy called (which mind you apperently a couple other groups had the same issue). So we got it cleared we would get the 2  8 men and 1 6 man. But we had to wait 10 minutes for them to blow it up. Finally we got it. And we are trying to figure out which coolers and people are in what.  All in this time we were to be advised to check our rafts to make sure they are ok. As we were doing this we got told by another guy we need to hurry up get in our rafts and go. They had another bus on the way. Oh and if we WANTED or FELT THE NEED TO HAVE a life vest to ask. Just to remind everyone IT'S STATE LAW ALL RAFTS AND BOATS HAVE TO HAVE LIFE PRESERVERS FOR EACH PERSON. REGARDLESS OF AGE. 3-7 HAVE to wear them at all times 7-14 it is up to the parents. ( thank god we know the laws and the 5 yr old had on her vest that we provided). So as we were being rushed to get on the river. We noticed our raft only had one bench. 1 bench for  5 adults 1 child (age 5)  with a very large very heavy cooler. But we were advised the benches don't have to be in the rafts that's just a luxury???? Are you kidding me?? So we said what ever. Got on the river. As we started to hear something hissing. Turned out no valve covers on any valve!! Which meant no hanging your legs over the raft. Because you would release air every time you hit it! About 1/3 way down the river we noticed we had a pretty large hole by the front on the bottom of the raft. Large enough I could stick my thumb through. So we were having to dump water out every time we stopped for swim time with the kids. As we kept going down the river we started to notice more and more holes about the size of my pointer finger could fit in. Total of 6 holes. Which meant more stops more dumping. About 1/2 way through we found out the other 8 man and a nice hole in it as well. They were shin deep we flipped them over to see if there were patches that fell off. Nope it was from the looks black duct tape that they had used to "patch" the bottom of them. Again are you kidding me??? So they started dumping as well. Also one of their Benches deflated in the middle of the float as well. When we got back 8 hours later. We advised the guys taking out the rafts that we were unpleased and about the holes. The guy said "yes we know. We don't have time to check them every day. And we do patches once a week. And major repairs once a month. Question is did you have fun?" I replied we yes till we had to keep dumping and trying to keep a 5 year old away from the larger holes. Do you know how hard it is to keep a bored 5 yr old to sit still in one spot so we don't have to keep dumping?" He responded with "well at least you had some fun" as he saw my unpleased facial expression he then stated to tell me. "I'm sorry hun. I'm probably not the one who should be talking to you right now. I'm off duty and I've been drinking for a while now". All I could say was wow... wow that you would let your staff get drunk or announce they have been drinking off duty or not. You were still helping the other guys unload. They did not once look at the rafts when we told them about the holes, valves,benches. It was all blown off. Needless to say I won't use either one again. Even the next day when we called up there to talk to higher management of course no one was available. And a Jason owns both companies. "He will give us a call back when he is available". That has yet to happen. Even talking to the staff over the phone it was blown  off. Really shows you guys care!
Rating: 1
Text: horrible experience went there to camp this last weekend  and float the river and saturday morning we were supposed to be on river at 10 in the morning and we did leave till 12:30 so we didnt get off the river till dark and then the fat lady in the front thats the supervisor is the rudest person i have every met, before you go here check around on prices and i think you will see this place is way to high and the management sucks ,i would never go back or would i recommend this place to anyone 
Rating: 1
Text: This map location is so far off, they have no idea where this canoe rental place is, do not use the map program to get to greens canoe
