Green River Stables
Rating: 4
Text: The owners are so friendly. Makes you feel right at home.
Rating: 5
Text: I can't wait to get set up here! I'm familiar with the area and this place is located in a SWEET SPOT!!!! Thanks to Darryl (The owner) and his family! You guys ROCK!
                            HEATHER FRESON
Rating: 2
Text: Tiny Stalls 9x9 or 10 x 10, just remember if you have a big horse. Free shavings is a plus but 2 days of rain they didn't cover shaving pile. Rain runs into stalls.  Wet shavings for Wet stalls. but sewer hook ups are good.   The Parks trails are good but ran into mountain bikers who very persuasively talked us out of going on a certain trail.  You do share trails with them just remember that.
Rating: 1
Text: I made a reservation 2 months in advance of my arrival to work at Amazon. One week before our arrival, I called the campground to confirm my reservations...Oct 1- Dec 23. The owner confirmed.

On Oct 1, I arrived after driving my 40 foot motorhome down a country road about 3 miles. The owner said he was sorry but the camp ground is full. He explained there was a construction crew that had not left due to weather and he was uncertain as to when they would be leaving. He said we may be able to find a spot in another campground and suggested a few places. Consider that Amazon hires a large number of work campers and warns everyone to reserve your space early or you could be driving a long distance to work. 

You have got to be kidding me! Then we see 3 more people behind us at the gate in the same predicament. 

I understand things happen but why didn't management have the courtesy to call us and let us know there was a problem, as soon as it was appearent? Even if it would have been the day before, we could have made other plans. Fortunately we arrived early in the day.

The Green River Stables campgrounds would probably have been fine for our needs but the unprofessional treatment is not acceptable. If you plan on working at Amazon, do not make plans to stay here unless you have a plan "B". They do not honor reservations! 

We were lucky an got the second to last spot at another campground...I feel sorry for the folks behind us in that line. 
Rating: 5
Text: My great niece used this area for her wedding September 10 2016. It is a great place for a wedding.
