Green River Marina
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed at the end of August for the eclipse. When we got there the marina was busy, but not crowded. Our cabin was clean and cozy. We stayed in cabin 1, which has an upstairs master suite with front and back decks. Downstairs has 3 more bedrooms, plenty of room for our 3 grown children and pets. The beds all have great pillows, memory foam mattress toppers and high thread count sheets! Plenty of fluffy white towels for everyone ( you only need to bring beach towels). We enjoyed listening to Saturday night karaoke from our upper deck. The best part of the trip was renting the double decker pontoon. The kids had a ball and my husband got some beautiful shots of a family of bald eagles around the bend. Treat yourself to some ice cream from the shop. Sonny and his family were so sweet (his mother even came by to say good bye to our cat!). It's the perfect place for a family vacation!
Rating: 3
Text: Just ok experience at the cabins. Lots of rules, and fees if you break those rules. Floors were really dirty. Beds were horribly uncomfortable. Lake is awesome, can't beat staying in the lake itself. Good parking. Some cabins may be nicer than others
Rating: 4
Text: Great facilities. Our men's group has its retreat there every year.
Rating: 1
Text: I checked their website and it said they had boat slips starting at $1250 a year so I emailed the marina and asked if they had any available...i was told they had several boat slips available for rent but their online price was incorrect they start at $1460...that was false advertising but I went anyways because I really wanted a slip...i drove two hours and when I got there they said they think they are full but they might have a couple slips....the guy messed around on his computer for several minutes, said he wasn't sure "we might have one over there or back there" he said pointing around INSIDE the marina as if I were supposed to know where he was talking about..."might have an end unit in the back"....just sat there, didn't want to show me the units he thought MIGHT be available didn't want to do much of anything....i had spoke to one of the guys that very morning about it and drove two hours for nothing! I went over to Emerald Isle marina and they treated my wife and I like we were royalty...complete tour of the marina by the owner, free beverages, easy to understand pricing...we found the perfect slip and were willing to pay a little more for ACTUAL customer service...GRM acts like they are the only marina on the lake...newsflash they aren't!
Rating: 5
Text: This place has gas for your boats, a restaurant, and a store to get some supplies if needed. It's on a great lake.
