Greens At Springfield
Rating: 2
Text: My personal experience after living here for 5 months hasn't been great. I have no complaints about the maintenance or service. But I honestly would not suggest living here, at least not in the larger one bedrooms. The way the floor plans are set up are so strange.  First of all it is super dark and you could open your blinds but because of the shared balcony/patio your neighbors can see directly into your apartment. The way the balcony is set up also means that any time your neighbors are out there you can here everything. It feels like a cave and the heat and air sucks too. I feel like there are too many rules against personalizing your place. I can't even hang up curtain rods even to fix the darkness issue. And if you want pets you have to pay rent for your pet and it's like $200 a month.
Rating: 3
Text: I have lived at this apartment for about a year now. The apartment itself isn't too bad, but the outdoor roofing and stairs outside need to be cleaned really bad. Lots of spiderwebs on everything even the apartment doors, I actually wipe off my for from webs if I see them. There are lights so you can see when walking down the stairs, but they either don't work or burnt out. The furniture you receive in a furnished apartment is nice. There are cracks on the walls that need to be fixed and the flooring in the kitchen is rolling up in the corners.
Rating: 1
Text: I have reported multiple times that the security light, next to the parking lot, in between units 2 and 3, is burnt out...Has been since Sept 1, 2017. Please come see for yourself....it's dark at the top of the complex with no security light. I have spoken to Jessica and and as of Sept 19, 2017 (dusk) has not been fixed. My experience, since March 2015, has been less then positive. If there is an issue with anything with the apartment (such as softball size wasps nests  - again spoke to Jessica with no response 6 months ago so I had my son come take care of the issue). The staff is condescending, disrespectful, and unprofessional, in my opinion over the last 2 1/2 years. Way to treat your customers. I won't even tell you of the issues in the apartment.. Once my lease is up I plan to move.
Rating: 3
Text: Here is an honest review for anyone thinking about staying here, I’ve lived here two years and feel like I have an accurate impression of life here. All the points below are shared by about 6 other residents I know if that adds any validity. I recently renewed my lease because in my mind the good outweighs the bad but I feel that anyone considering living here should know some things. 

I gave them a three because there are some very good parts of living here but there is also very bad parts. The good parts include the amenities, cost, kind-of-free golf and location out of town a little ways which I consider to be a positive. The bad parts are mostly to do with the management. You should know up front that they care very little for you as a resident, to them you are just a check coming in every month. I think they believe that if you decide to leave for whatever reason, that they will just fill that void where your body once resided and continue about their day. This means they display ZERO personal responsibility. This also spills over by their lack of respect for the property. This does not mean that they neglect its upkeep because they do, but they maintain things in the cheapest way which is not surprising and even worse they are unwilling to uproot bad tenants. I personally have confronted them four times about the drug problem in my building and each time I’ve heard that they “can’t do anything about that.”  Their excuse is they don’t want to invade anyone’s privacy but each time I invite them to walk by the apartment and they can smell it from the outside but they always refuse. To me this is a massive display of disrespect for a resident and continues to be a point of great frustration for me with the most recent confrontation happening just last week. Because of its location off the beaten path, vehicle damage and/or theft is another concern. Last fall a fellow resident had his motorcycle damaged in an attempt to steal it but were ultimately unsuccessful. Once again, management contends that this is not their problem although they will tell you that they have a camera at the entrance and an “undercover guard” but I personally find little comfort in their attempted security measures. Take all of this with a grain of salt but based off mine and others experiences I feel like this should give you a good idea of what to expect. Good Luck!
Rating: 1
Text: Very nice looking on the outside, and really old and cheap on the inside. Heater broke twice. Broke into my car twice also, and no one cared. Doesn't worth this much money. 
