Greystone Motel
Rating: 3
Text: An average room for the price. It isn't to be compared to a new chain hotel. The staff are extremely nice and accommodating. 

Room 24 has some idiosyncrasies like no plugins in the washroom. Makes it difficult to be quiet if someone is still sleeping. The shower is quite small and the knob is loose making it difficult to adjust. 

The carpet and bedding appeared new but the interior is old with lots of patches and visual deterioration. The closet was blocked by the TV so no way to hang clothes. The room had a refrigerator, microwave and coffee pot but they all were unplugged but that wasn't too difficult to figure out. There was an musty odor but it was intolerable. 

The bed was solid and we slept well. If you want a budget room this is certainly worth what we paid. 
Rating: 5
Text: Nice and clean. Friendly staff. Nice comfortable beds and pillows.  Big rooms. From Victoria and Jim Farrand
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean, friendly and promt staff(i asked for more towels, and he handed them to me before I even got into the room!). The sheets were soft,  the room didn't stink, the bed was comfortable,  the AC, TV,  mini fridge, and coffee maker all worked (didn't use the microwave). My only "complaint" (and it's petty) would be that the remote only turned the channel, but not the volume...  I didn't even contact the front about it,  because, like I said,  it's petty.  The bathroom could use an update,  but again, who cares.  You're in there to do three things. We all know what those are.. It doesn't need to look like home, it needs to be clean,  and it was.  I've stayed here 4 or 5 times and have never had a REAL complaint.
Rating: 1
Text: Just don't. Maybe if you only need an hour or two of sleep. But definitely not an over nighter. Smells. Currently have to go & get more Bath & Body Works body spray.. used mine to get the stinch out of the air. Also had to fill the toilet up with water from sink to even get it to flush. After lifting the toilet lid off, I realized I should have put on some rubber gloves. Mold! All in the toilet tank.  Woke up with a couple bites on my arm.. bed bugs? Who knows! Didn't see any little critters but I sure do have some bites to prove something was there.  The shower is so tiny, only s toddler would be comfy enough to take a shower in it. Lift my arms to wash my hair & one elbow goes out the entrance of this concrete contraption & the other hits the wall. Hair all in shower that clearly wasn't mine. Ashes on the carpet, burns all in the bed sheets. The whole vibe I got from that place was just off. Definitely will not be back!!! 
Rating: 1
Text: No locks on the doors only chains... mold in the shower... extremely dirty bathroom....tv didn't work until my husband messed with the broken outlets... which wouldn't hold my phone charger... kept 
falling out...owner was nice. Will never stay in a motel again... this experience ruined that...didn't see and live bugs but the window seals were covered in dead bugs...?
