GuestHouse Inn St. Joseph
Rating: 4
Text: Comfortable beds, extra chair with footstool in addition to desk chair.  Room was clean and comfortable.  Hotel staff was pleasant.  Great to have fridge with small freezer section and microwave.  Would definitely stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: This was a very inexpensive hotel near my daughter's college.  It was clean, quiet and comfortable, but it was in a somewhat "sketchy" neighborhood, our door did not fit tight in its frame (you could see streetlights/daylight along the edges of the door), and the deadbolt would not lock.  The safety catch did, of course.  Husband and I never felt unsafe, but I would not have stayed here alone.  We did not have time to eat breakfast, so I can't speak to its quality, but the lobby was clean and spacious.
Rating: 1
Text: I would give zero stars if I could. This place was a complete nightmare. I checked in after a long day of driving with my 2 year old (across country.) There was a broken piece of laminate leaned against the wall, the faucet just fell right off when I turned it on, the shower was full of hair and was filthy, gouges missing from the ceiling, and what appeared to be mold in the bathroom- but this wasn't even the worst of it. When I got my two year old ready for bed, (against my better instincts, but there was no vacancies for hours due to the eclipse,) she climbed onto the bed (which I had covered with all of our own stuff because this place already felt gross,) and I noticed BLOOD on the hotel pillow. That was it for me. I packed her back into my car at 11pm, (only 1 - 1.5 hrs after we checked in) returned my key and was told (after getting quite an attitude and NO apology or attempt to right this issue,) that it would be taken care of. I had to drive 2 more hours for another room. Two days later I check my credit statement, and that employee charged me...AFTER the fact, and I'm still in the process of getting my money back. DO NOT STAY HERE. AVOID AT ALL COSTS- EVEN IF IT MEANS DRIVING 2 MORE HOURS. I have contacted several authorities. This place is unsanitary, unsafe, and would NEVER pass an inspection. People should NOT be allowed to stay here.
Rating: 3
Text: For the price, not bad. Make sure you get a renovated room, and also be aware they're going to nikel and dime you for everything. An extra roll away is 10 dollars extra a night.
Rating: 4
Text: It was in need of some major cleaning. The towels were super old and dingy.  Other then it being old it was just fine. The price there at The hotel is high, go online it is cheaper that way, which then makes it worth staying there. Staff was really nice, and if noise bugs you the loves travel stop is behind it. So you occasionally hear the trucks backing up and fueling. 
