Hampton Inn Sandusky-Central
Rating: 3
Text: It’s a Hampton Inn.
It’s mostly “par for the course” with regard to other Hampton Inns. 

The things this location has going against it are:

1) The bathrooms need to be updated and more thoroughly cleaned (there’s mold like growth around the tub area)

2) They force you to stay more than one night which I’ve never heard of for any hotel having that policy, ever. (And I’m a frequent traveler.) 

3) The price is way higher than most Hampton Inns. I understand this is somewhat close to the amusement park, Cedar Point, but $497 for two nights??? I’ve gotten full suites in major metro areas for less than than that!
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed the night there after Cedar Point for my daughters 5th birthday. The staff were over the top friendly. Everyone was very nice, and they let my girls pick out a toy from the treasure chest in the lobby. The room was clean, and the breakfast was better than a lot of the Hampton's I stay at. Great experience! Will definitely stay here again. And bonus, you are right near Rt 2, so you can get home that much faster. Thanks again!
Rating: 4
Text: The staff is very friendly and helpful. The room was clean when I arrived, which if you have traveled much at all you will recognize as a miracle. The breakfast is abundant and delicious. The beds are very comfortable and the air is nice and cold. Love it!!
Rating: 5
Text: Room was great, very accommodating for any needs you might have. The chef even came out during breakfast the next morning to ask if everything was good. Great service
Rating: 5
Text: Clean rooms. Excellent indoor swimming pool and fitness center. About 10 minutes from Cedar Point amusement park. And, the hotel staff was EXCEPTIONAL!  Yes, you can find ritzier hotels and you can find hotels closer to the amusement park. But if you just want a safe, secure, clean, modern place to lay your head this location is highly recommended. We will be staying here on all future visits to the area. P.S. this is the first hotel that I have ever stayed in at ANY price range where the front desk staff sent me a TEXT message about an hour after check-in making sure everything was 'okay'. A++
