Hampton Inn Kansas City/Shawnee Mission
Rating: 5
Text: Oh so nice. Comfy beds, great breakfast and super clean!! Loved it. Bar near by, restaurants and theater right next to it. Great location.
Rating: 5
Text: Free cookies! Free hot breakfast! Clean rooms! Right by a great little movie theater! It's a Hampton Inn, so don't expect a JW Marriott, but it's super clean, the people are very nice, the workout room is great, and the rooms seemed new to me. The bathroom door didn't close fully because it's a barn style sliding door, but it didn't bother me at all as I was a singular occupant. 
Rating: 4
Text: This is a beautiful hotel. New, up to date, clean, fluffy pillows, clean crisp bedding. The entry was so inviting to our family of road weary travelers. 

We were late checking in. 9:30 pm. Pool was to be open till 11:00 pm. At 10:52 the maintenance man came in and told us we had to leave. I said "we have 8 more minutes."  He used his little bit of power to tell me he could make me and my 3 children leave immediately. I said "we have 8 minutes." He left. He just irritated me enough that it set a bad taste in my mouth. At $390.00 for 3 rooms, I shouldn't have a bad taste in my mouth!
Rating: 2
Text: Apparently, the person who occupied the room before us cut their toenails and fingernails and left the clippings all over our hotel room floor. Because this was in plain site, we question how clean the room really was when we arrived. The manager sent someone to clean it up. However, we were not compensated in any way. They did not welcome us as Hilton Honors guests, nor did they make our group feel very welcome. We were strongly discouraged from gathering in the lobby by the television. We had all wanted to watch the Dodgers vs Astros game together. Since they informed us that there is a strictly enforced rule of only 5 people in a hotel room at one time, this was our only option. We did not argue, we just all retreated to our rooms. On Saturday night when we arrived back to the hotel, there was police officer sitting in the lobby making it clear we were not to "hang out" down there. We travel a ton, all year round, with my daughter's softball team. We look forward to spending time together while we are traveling. This Hampton made it nearly impossible to do so. If you are traveling with a group, I strongly discourage you from booking with this hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: Great location right off of I-435. Staff is friendly and rooms are nice. Stayed here June 2017 and the pool entrance is under construction, so get a room on a different level if you don't like noise during the day.
