Hampton Inn Washington Court House/Jeffersonville
Rating: 3
Text: The place was OK, on the lower end of what I normally expect of a Hampton Inn.  The room was clean and reasonable, but did show its age.  The photos attached showed peeled paint in the ceiling of the shower, and a loose electrical plate.  Other than that, it was a good location just outside of Dayton.  This general area seems like a very popular place for truckers.  There were hundreds of truckers parked overnight at the nearby truck stop.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice. Pleasant. Comfortable. The Jacuzzi tub wasn't working properly but it was still a very soothing experience. We had a great night's sleep in their comfy bed and breakfast before we departed this morning.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean and quiet.  Easy access on and off of US 35.
Rating: 3
Text: My family and I have visited this location twice. We stayed one night May 2016 and another night May 2017. Each time they had clean rooms, plenty of towels/blankets, a clean pool, a decent breakfast, and friendly staff.That being said my only problem with this location is that BOTH times ive stayed here they double charged me.

  The charges didn't post until a week after my stay. So once I saw I was double charged I called the hotel to figure it out. I talked to the manager three times and didn't get an answer. After 1 week of waiting for the charges to post and 2 weeks of waiting for the manager to give me answers I finally said forget it and called my bank. In the end my bank got my money back, but if you're a family traveling on a budget please keep your receipts and makes sure to look at your statements.
Rating: 5
Text: After a long drive, we found ourselves in search of a room for the night. Hampton Inn is my go to choice and they did not disappoint. As usual. Staff was friendly and helpful. The beds were comfy, the blankets were cozy, and the room was clean and comfortable. We were up and on the road the next morning but not without taking advantage of their free breakfast. Thanks for a restful night and the energy to start our day, Hampton Inn!
