Hampton Inn Detroit/Belleville-Airport Area
Rating: 5
Text: Alysa greets you, she is happy and helpful. Room was wonderful. Breakfast was the best as usual in Hampton's. Beds the most comfortable this side of heaven. I love how I can get a hot drink in the evening and relax. 
Rating: 1
Text: Smoke ingested hotel.  I've stayed here several times on business however this last stay was very disappointing and not to Hilton standards for their hotels.  This "non-smoking" hotel is just the opposite.  There was obvious smoke throughout the second floor hallway as well as in my room.  I am allergic and because of my late arrival they didn't have any other room and I couldn't move to any other hotels in the area because they were full.  When bringing the issue up with the front desk, they didn't seem to care.  Since there were no available rooms in the area my second night I was forced to stay in the same smoky room.  Five days later, I'm still dealing with the effects.  Never again.  Hampton and Hilton need to address immediately!!!
Rating: 2
Text: The rooms were nice, but that's all that was. They were not accommodating. I chose the hotel because i had a large group of 33 people who had to fly out early. They wouldn't open the breakfast area, even you grab a muffin, 5 minutes early. In fact, they were 5 minutes late. They wouldn't shuttle us to the airport. They said they had a complimentary shuttle BUT it was only for a few people because it fits 10 people and serves a number of hotels, and only runs on the hour. So she said she'd get us there for $300. Ten dollars a person is NOT complementary! She argued with me that i didn't tell her ahead of time (i did, but only once so i guess she didn't remember).
Rating: 3
Text: Was okay. Location is very tricky to find. Parking was a bit strange. The way the building was angled I wasn't sure initially how to get in. Just some small petty things made me a little grumpy but it as clean and acceptable.
Rating: 1
Text: Vehicle was broken into. Smashed window. Glass everywhere. Staff could have cared less. She was indifferent to the situation which leads me to believe this happens often or they are in on it.I know that it was not the hotel's responsibility but a little compassion and customer service would go a long way. Anything positive about the hotel is outweighed by the fact it is unsafe.
