Hampton Inn St. Louis/St. Charles
Rating: 4
Text: We got in late at night driving from KC. I was one day removed from my arrival from S. CA and was already tired from meetings and the long drive. The place was packed and there was little room. The extremely friendly front desk lady helped me and my rep find a room. She was upfront and said the rooms were not their best layouts, but the rate was spot on to make up for it. The bed was comfortable, the shower warm and flow strong and everything was clean and functional. My room wasn't perfect, but the proper expectations were set and the cost was fair. I'd highly recommend staying here and I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. My only regret is that I have forgotten the name of the kind lady behind the desk. But with that service (and as a sales person I appreciate) the honesty and respect to charge the appropriate rate, I hope to eventually thank her again in person.
Rating: 1
Text: Paper thin walls + obnoxious neighbors = listening to them having sex as if they were in our room.
The guests are not the hotel's fault as it is difficult to control what they do in the room. 
However, we could hear everything that the young couple next door did, and I mean EVERYTHING - including bathroom noises and even whispering.  That also meant that they could probably hear us as well - so much for privacy - especially for the price we paid!  
My sister stayed in a different room on a different floor and she could hear her neighbor as well, though that one was more decent and quiet than ours. 
Despite my sister and I staying on different sides of the hotel, we could both hear the highway noise.
That being said, all else is good: the room was mostly clean and the beds were comfortable. 
Stayed here the day before the eclipse in 2017 and the hotel was crowded, which might explain the 'variety' of guests they had that night.
It really pains me for giving a one-star review, but we barely slept for a few hours due to the noise, especially when we needed to be on the road by 8 am the next day.
Conclusion: if you are lucky to get a room with no guests on the adjacent rooms, you could have a four or five star experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice for the price. Very clean. The breakfast was great with many choices. The attendant quickly refilled any items that started running low. The front desk staff was very efficient and friendly too.
Rating: 4
Text: Really nice.  I was driving from Maryland to Colorado .  This is where I got tired.  I checked in late.  The check in was quick.  The service was friendly.  I went to my room.  The key card didn't work.  I went back down and the gentleman at the front desk reset my card.  I went back upstairs and I fell sound asleep on the very comfortable bed.  I got up early in the morning, grabbed a piece of fruit from the very nice free breakfast, and left.  Adorable decor.  Nice employees.  If I ever get tired outside St. Louis again, I would definitely stop there again.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I chose this hotel while on our very first vacation. The room was small, but exactly what we needed. It was clean, the staff was friendly, and the free breakfast was great! If we are ever in the area again, we will definitely stay here.
