Hampton Inn Kansas City-Lee’s Summit
Rating: 4
Text: The room was very clean and the king size bed was super comfortable. We were on 2nd floor overlooking the front parking lot and we couldn't hear any noise from parking lot below. There was also a microwave, refrigerator and a safe.  It would have been nice to have 2 easy chairs instead of 1.  The desk chair didn't quite cut it.
Otherwise a great room.  Staff was all very friendly and helpful.
Rating: 1
Text: BEWARE! DO NOT STAY HERE! NO OUTDOOR CAMERA'S AND MULTIPLE CARS WERE VANDALIZED WHILE OUR GROUP STAYED AT THIS HOTEL IN EARLY SEPTEMBER! 

If I could leave negative stars I would. While the hotel itself is a typical Hampton Inn which I used to appreciate I would never stay here again and would advise the same for anyone else. I stayed at this hotel over the weekend for my son's football tournament down in KC and multiple cars were vandalized or broken into during this two day stay. Some damage was very severe. Unfortunately this hotel doesn't think it's a good idea to have outdoor cameras so while we all filed police reports the chance of catching the culprit is next to nothing. 

Someone tried breaking into my truck and caused hundreds of dollars in damage. Luckily we didn't have anything valuable inside but it would have been gone if we did. I don't think anyone should take the chance at staying at this hotel when there are so many other options close by. The Lee's Summit police officer noted that this hotel has had SEVERAL reported incidences and again unfortunately the hotel is of ZERO help. Almost makes you wonder if any employees or people close to the employees are somehow connected.
Rating: 5
Text: My mother had to be at St. Lukes hospital early monday morning, we live 1 1/2 hours away, so we stayed on Sunday night. It was so clean, and the beds were soft and clean. Everyone was so kind the staff was marvelous. Breakfast was quick and delicious. We will stay again. Thanks to you all of you at the hotel. Keep up the good work. 
       Faye Clark and Kim Stark
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed three days for work. Clean. Updated. Friendly staff!  Great place. No wonder they earned the Circle of Excellence Award last year!
Rating: 5
Text: Nice, well kept rooms. Service was excellent for our stay. Kids loved the pool.
