Hampton Inn Mattoon
Rating: 1
Text: Extremely upset! When we stayed, we checked in at 3. Like told. We were paying in cash, and the person at the register told us we were to pay when we checked out. When we go to the room later that night, the keys didn't work. So we went to the desk, and the lady there told us that it was fine and she hates miscommunication. She gave us new keys
 So this morning, we were eating breakfast,  and we over heard the MANAGER tell the lady that was maintaining the breakfast bar to DEMAND MONEY from our room. In front of EVERYONE. Then at the desk, the lady was being rude, and accusing our entire bridal party of trying to walk out without paying. We live in town.  Where would we go. I am EXTREMELY angry that we were accused of being thieves. Not some thing the bride should have to deal with on her wedding day.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I stayed at the Hampton inn as we were meeting up with family the following day for a family reunion. Our experience was superb, the concierge was incredibly welcoming and polite and even joked around a little bit with us. She was quite pleasant. The hotel itself was up to par with what we had expected. The bed was a bit more firm than I'm used to but my wife loved it and it was quite tolerable all in all. Would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: Our stay at the Hampton Inn was extremely enjoyable. After a long day on the road, our check in was speedy and we entered a cool, clean room. The pool was refreshing, and the location of our room was quiet and convenient. We slept well, woke up early to a healthy breakfast maintained by an energetic and detail oriented employee. We would absolutely stay there again if we are come back to EIU!
Rating: 5
Text: I've been to many Hamptons and this was by far the best. The staff was friendly, everything was clean, the rooms were spacious and the beds were comfortable. The pool had toys that my daughter loved. Extremely happy with this hotel!
Rating: 3
Text: Was there on business. Nice enough facility. I love staying at Hampton Inn across the country, so always recommend. My favorite is Hampton Inn Camarillo.
