Hampton Inn & Suites St. Louis-Edwardsville
Rating: 3
Text: Had a interview at the Glen Carbon, IL location for a housekeeper. The hotel itself looked like it was kept up fairly decent. As I was waiting in the Lobby for my interview the lady comes out, and says my name. I responded "Yes" and acknowledged her. I seen her glance at the guy over at the desk in the front, and gave him a look.. like maybe I had done something? We go into the back she couldn't read my last name which I don't think I write sloppy lol & this women I know by her first impression what I saw of her how she looked over at the guy upfront that she didn't like me from the go! This lady wanted to know why I haven't worked since 2015, and I explained my husband had a job it was very hard to work around his hours.. Now that he's unemployed I am seeking work. She just kept nit picking everything. I didn't catch her name because she was very unprofessional and rude!!!! I am glad I didn't get the position at that hotel. No one has ever made me feel like how she did. Her name was not Ramona but it was a black lady in the very back office off to the left.
Rating: 5
Text: We really love this place. Easy to get to, not packed. It is very clean, and beautiful inside. We always get the king size bed suite, because you can smoke in there, and it has a little sofa, and a table in the room. Fridge, microwave and sink, soon as you walk in the door. They have coffee, tea and popcorn in the room. The room is big and the price is great. It normally goes for 159.00 a night but we asked if they had a discount, like we got the last time we stayed, and they gave it to us for 143.00 a night. There is a good size pool and hot tub. They have a large complimentary breakfast, that includes: waffles, muffins, bagels, B&G, Eggs, oatmeal, cold cereal, fruit, coffee, OJ, Apple Juice, and more. They also have free wifi, and a laptop available in the front desk area.
Rating: 5
Text: Either the hotel is relatively new or they have the best housekeeping and maintenance staff around. Spotlessly clean and modern. Front desk clerk at night very professional. Standard Hampton Inn breakfast. Easy access to the freeway that bypasses St. Louis. I'd stay there again if in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: Very Nice! Pretty, very clean! Our room was awesome! Breakfast was eggs, biscuits, gravy, waffles, fruit, juices, coffee, variety of tea bags, cereal, muffins. Mmmm!
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel, good rooms and complimentary breakfast. Staff was friendly and prompt. The pool and hot tub are nice as well.
