Hampton Inn Charleston-Downtown
Rating: 3
Text: It's a decent hotel for the area if you have to be in Charleston but if your looking for a place to pull over for the night, drive a little further to someplace else. It is right in the middle of a very noisy highway system. During my stay there was incredibly loud road work happening two nights in a row right outside the hotel until 3 or 4 am.( which I understand should not be a mark against the hotel itself) but after getting earplugs from a very friendly staff member I had my first good night sleep.
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic service, delicious food (warm cookies at night), coffee water and tea available as needed, and comfortable room. Had to stay for two weeks for a business trip so the only downside was a lack of laundry facilities. Would definitely stay again if I needed to!
Rating: 4
Text: Quick and easy access. Walking distance to civic center and shopping. Rooms are a little dark and outdated,  but renovations are happening now.  Bed was comfortable,  clean,  and accessible.
Rating: 2
Text: The property is an older property, but the room wasn't bad. The water smelled a bit (not uncommon for the area), but it was the experience of smelling urine in the hallway that was first explained as a special needs guest who had an accident, then as a guest who had a stroke. (so which was it?) And the resolution was spraying the hallway with Airwick and the comment "we'll wash the carpet in the morning". SERIOUSLY!?! How about the night janitor run the rug-doctor NOW!  Go one block over to the Courtyard Marriott (also has the Starbucks across the parking lot).

We heard the rush of water through the pipes EVERY TIME that someone flushed a toilet. Not a faint background noise, but loud like when you dump a bucket of water.
Rating: 4
Text: I had one of the smaller rooms available, which was very nice. The room service and the front desk was also very nice people. I will definitely be back for another visit soon. Unlike most hotels or inns you're usually a number, but here they make you feel like as if you're right at home.
