Hampton Inn Evansville
Rating: 1
Text: If I could rate this experience a "0" I would. The nightmare started Thursday evening. When we got to our room the usual radiant white comforter had a dark dirty hue, almost as if someone had drug the bottom of their shoe from one side of the comforter to the other. When we investigated further we found multiple hairs throughout the entire bed. When we checked out the other bed we found multiple hairs in every layer of the other bed. The bathroom was less than stellar we had to buy cleaning supplies so that we could clean the room ourselves. Not to mention we had to strip down BOTH beds and make them ourselves.

When we arrived back at the hotel the next day we were shocked to find the room had been untouched, however the tip was gone so someone had been in the room. The soiled towels from the night before were still on the bathroom floor. The garbage bin was still full, the toiletries were not refilled, the beds were in the same condition we left them. We had no towels, no wash cloths, no anything. We had to get more towels from the desk. 

By this time (two days of the room being neglected) we started asking to speak to the supervisor.  We were given the run-around? for two days. They refused to give a direct number to the supervisor we were told to send a complaint to an e-mail address that never replied back to us. At one point we couldn't even contact the front desk.  The phone would ring and ring and no one from the front desk would answer the phone. So I decided to try the number on the back of the Hilton Honors member card. We told the customer service representative about the issues we've had for the past three days, and how we were given the run-around and empty promises. 

Customer service was able to rectify the issue. They documented the entire situation and were able to find a solution. As a Hilton Honors member I was shocked to be treated this way. For years I have only used Hampton Inn hotels, and the rooms have always been very clean.  The linen is usually radiant white, but not this time. The toiletries have always been restocked, we've never ran out of towels, or toilet paper, we've never had waste baskets full for two days, we've never had the front desk to not answer calls, or been lied to when 
presenting a complaint. We come to Evansville every year and have never had a bad visit. This visit is the very reason why we most definitely won't be using this hotel again.
Rating: 5
Text: When you're traveling with kids it's nice to stay a hotels that welcome not only the business traveler but also the family. This Hampton is the best our family has stayed at. From giving our child a choice of a toy at check in to the friendly staff this place was great. We plan to come back in the future.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice and clean but a bit dated. I will say the beds are the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in!
Rating: 1
Text: Well we arrive late only to find that the hotel was redoing the drive.  Some thing they failed to tell us.  So we had to park 2 blocks away.  Then the room was not in order.  I asked for an adjustment but was given some lame excuse why she could not.  We would not stay here again.   Nice place but terrible service and poor employees concern for problems brought to their attention.
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel overall, outstanding breakfast, nice rooms, friendly staff, but seriously, BOTH treadmills broken? It's nice jogging around the pond, but it's also November...might want to call Precor!
