Hampton Inn Richmond
Rating: 5
Text: Wow! Awesome experience. Friendly staff. Great workout room. Not pet friendly!
Very updated. Nice room. Bed and pillows wonderful. Bathroom spacious. Very nice warm breakfast. Large indoor pool.
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly and responsive staff. Called down for a step ladder for my young child to reach the sink and they brought one up within 10 minutes. The rooms are clean and very well maintained. The cleaning lady even left a small rubber ducky in the bathroom for my daughter to find. The breakfast was hot and plentiful. Such a great hotell.
Rating: 5
Text: We came here to escape Hurricane Irma and this hotel was a blessing. The staff was so welcoming and professional. The rooms were super clean and comfy. Breakfast was delicious and pool was nice. Even gave us a discount because of the hurricane. We couldn't have asked for a better experience.
Rating: 1
Text: i would give a negative star if i could. i booked a room at this hotel. and when i try to check in, they told me they overbooked (how can you overbook hotel?? and it does not make sense, at all) and tried to move us to a motel some place else with only one bed. unbelievable. note that this is not a last minute booking. i booked 4 days ago. when i try to check in. they clearly already were aware of the situation, but why did they not contact me earlier and let me know?? they treat ppl like nothing.  
.
Rating: 5
Text: This was the best Hampton Inn ever!  I usually choose Hampton because they are normally convenient when traveling via an interstate highway and of course the always comfortable Hampton Bed!  But this one is a "standout"...from the moment we checked in staff were pleasant, friendly and helpful.  The hotel interior and exterior were meticulous, smiling faces and greetings from all staff, who were polite and courteous.  The well appointed room, and the breakfast bar which was stocked with a variety of breakfast foods, fresh fruit and attentive staff was unexpected.  I have stayed in 5 star ? ? ? ? ? hotels that had grumpy, inattentive staff and accommodations that were worn and dingy.  They could earn a lot from the management and staff at the Hampton Inn in Richmond, KY!  
Stevie
Atlanta GA
