Hampton Inn & Suites Dayton-Vandalia
Rating: 3
Text: Large room, comfortable beds, desk, mini fridge and a plethora of outlets. Plenty of towels and Neutrogena toiletries in bathroom. Complimentary breakfast had good variety. Desk staff seemed a little clueless as they couldn't figure out the notes on my reservation and noticed another clerk later not able to help another guest; he told her to call Hilton reservations. Update: I had to downgrade the review because it turns out I was charged more on my credit card than what was actually on my receipt. When I called the hotel the clerk told me they charge up front for incidentals and credit back if nothing was purchased. I asked if we were informed of this beforehand and was told that we were told at check-in. My husband confirmed that we had not been told of this. This was the same young woman who checked us in, so I reminded her that perhaps she was so preoccupied with trying to figure out the notes on our account that she forgot. Our cousins checked in within minutes of us and they were not told either. My club booked the room. I gave them my credit card at check-in, but the clerk didn't change the name on the room or receipt, so the credit card company will probably deny the charge. More for me to do to fix this.
Rating: 1
Text: Experience started off well. Very quick to get checked in and checked the bed for critters. Found nothing and went to dinner. Back to the hotel room and got in bed to watch some tv. Dozed off for a few and noticed a bug on the pillow.  Grabbed it in some tissues and it exploded with blood. Front desk was very nice about the ordeal and offered another room free of charge, but we chose to leave for some peace of mind.
Rating: 3
Text: Room and breakfast were good. Clean and bed comfortable. No cups in the bathroom.?.? Evening staff was very unprofessional. I couldn't get an answer to my question because she was too busy giggling and cutting up with someone in a back room.
Rating: 5
Text: Comfortable beds, plush covers, AC is chilly cold or toasty warm and the temperature adjusts quickly. Shower is spotless and in good repair, breakfast is laid out nicely and the free Wi-Fi isn't sub 1Mb trash like most hotels. The mini fridge I believe is inductive, if it has a compressor it's very quiet, and drinks are icy cold when kept inside it. All the furniture looks immaculate and the desk and nightstand have a ton of outlets.
Rating: 3
Text: Typical Hampton Inn with no frills but good, dependable lodging. Predictably poor free breakfast.  Television did not work although hotel said it would make repairs. Crash pad; not a luxury hotel.
