Hampton Inn & Suites Dayton-Airport
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is very clean.  The pool is great, clean and a good temperature.  The beds are a little soft for my taste but the linens were nice.

The breakfast here is amazing. Everything was hot and fresh and there was a good variety.

When we checked in the staff seemed to be spread a little thin.  I was greeted by a man at the counter and then asked to wait until the manager came down. The wait was a few minutes but the manager was very nice and apologetic.

The first room we got had a fresh-looking stain on the box spring and cover.  My wife pointed it out to the front desk and they promptly moved us to another room. This was really a non-issue. 

All in all, I would stay here again.
Rating: 2
Text: My husband, infant daughter and I stayed here a year ago and it was lovely. An easy 5 stars! We were treated respectfully, it was easy check in and out, they were helpful whenever needed and even mad my husband and I turkey sausage for breakfast when I asked if they had anything besides pork, since we don’t eat that. Very nice!

This last time, it was me, my now-toddler daughter and my mother who stayed here just this last weekend. It was far different from my first stay... I had reserved rooms and a pack-and-play for one of the rooms. I also called back twice to make sure there would be a pack-and-play in our room, I was assured there would be. I got there and check in was a disaster. We waited probably 35-40 minutes just to check in and only one room was ready (I had arrived around 3:30pm, I thought my rooms would be ready by then).

So the lady at the desk told me I could go up to the room available and to give her “like two minutes” and she’ll bring up my key for the other room. Almost two hours passed, and finally someone brought up my key to my room that they had just finished cleaning. I was needing to my daughter down for a nap but I couldn’t anymore because by the time they came, we had to leave to meet some friends for dinner.

When the lady brought my key up she also, nonchalantly, told me they gave all their pack-and-plays to other guests and don’t have anymore and walked away. I had to stop her and say “But I reserved one with my room.” She was a bit rude and said “Well we don’t have any more.” And continued to walk away. I went down to the main desk to talk to them, I reminded them I reserved it for my room days in advance, they became rude and said that I can’t reserve pack-and-plays. I was appalled! I was reassured several times it would be available for me in my room.

The manager then came out and told me the same thing and that “You can go out and buy one!”... excuse me?! I was mad at this point and said this was ridiculous and the manager was SO rude to me. He didn’t care at all about my situation. I asked where my 1.5  year old daughter is supposed to sleep, “In the bed” he replied... she’s one year old! She can’t sleep on a bed! She’ll fall out, she can’t have pillows and squishy bedding and all those blankets! I told him he needs to find a way to get me one and he refused and told me to buy one myself.

I called Hampton Inn rewards, which I’m a part of, and was told that was completely unacceptable. They obviously called the manager of the Hampton I was staying at because after my dinner, I get a call saying “We got a pack-and-play for you.” They were much nicer after that. But the pack-and-play (that they borrow from another hotel) was kind of broken, but worked.

The rest of my stay was kind of crappy too. One of my rooms didn’t have heat - it just blasted cold air, I asked for turkey or chicken sausage at breakfast and the person running the kitchen said “There’s ham in the eggs, eat that.” I said I don’t eat pork products, so she said “Have a hard-boiled egg”! Haha it was just rude all around and nothing like my stay last year.

Two stars because at least last year was extremely nice. I would hesitate staying here again. Disappointed and dissatisfied.
Rating: 5
Text: Great value for cost. Professional and courteous staff, excellent breakfast. No problem! Real butter.
Rating: 4
Text: Good hotel. It’s a bit off the interstate.

Only issue is that the light in the bathroom is on a motion sensor and it turns off after a minute or so of activity. It isn’t very sensitive so it turns off quite often.
Rating: 4
Text: Not bad.. Fire alarm at 6:30 am due to somebody taking a steamy shower is the reason for the deduction. No outside benches or seating. But it is Dayton so I can't complain too much
