Hampton Inn & Suites St. Louis/Chesterfield
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice upper-middle-line motel that stands above the competition. Fabulous housekeeping; rooms are not only clean but look new. Notably pleasant staff. Good location. Quiet at night. All expected amenities. Beds are kinda hard, but everyone's are these days. Hate the new fad for micro-pillows, though.
Rating: 4
Text: At check-in, we found a huge plate of chocolate cookies with white chocolate chips, orange water and iced tea waiting. There is an ATM in the lobby.  Our room was clean and large and beds were comfortable. Extractor in bathroom was not very powerful and the corridors are not air conditioned. We enjoyed soaking in the spa except for the constant high pitched noise the machinery made when it was bubbling. There is a beautiful interior courtyard where you can eat breakfast. A traditional mall and outlet mall are very close by. Lots of shopping immediate to hotel. Michele, the breakfast attendant, baked us biscuits when she ran out. What a sweetheart!
Rating: 5
Text: I recently stayed at the Hampton Inn Chesterfield Valley and had a great stay!  I had one minor issue that was promptly addressed by the General Manager, Christopher Calvin.  I would recommend this hotel and will stay here again!
Rating: 2
Text: This hotel is okay. The only good things about it are its nice employees and delicious breakfast. Other than that, the swimming pool is cold and the hot tub isn't hot (warm, at best). It's got a small fitness room, the sink water BARELY gets above lukewarm temperature and the pressure of the shower water is basically nonexistent. Most likely won't be coming back. 
Rating: 4
Text: The lobby was nice and updated, the staff was very kind, the rooms were clean, and the beds were comfortable. My only criticism is that the rooms are in need of updating. Parts of the room like the tub, countertops, etc were worn and dated. I would still recommend this hotel, but it would be much more attractive with updated rooms.
