Hampton Inn St. Louis-Airport
Rating: 5
Text: We can't think of anything negative to say about this Hampton Inn. Everyone was happy and helpful. 

The personable shuttle driver picked us up at the airport without issue. We used the app to check in before we arrived, so it was a speedy process. The room was immaculate, comfortable mattress and nice pillows. We slept well. 

Breakfast was nice. I loved that they had oatmeal and fresh fruit. They also had the normal breakfast offerings: waffles with all kinds of toppings to choose from, eggs, bacon, french toast, bagels, danishes, cereal, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, etc. The coffee was delicious. 

I will stay here every time we are in the area!
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent property conveniently located less than 1 mile from STL Airport. Their rooms are very spacious and accommodating. The property has been recently updated to form fit anyone with comfort. Lastly the staff was very courteous and caring about my stay and comfort. Being that close to the airport you would think it would be very noisy but there was no issue with a good night's sleep.
Rating: 5
Text: This Hampton Inn is a perfect airport hotel for a short stay.   Check-in and check out were easy.  They even make up to go breakfast bags for people with early departures who don't have time to sit for breakfast.   Nice touch!
Rating: 3
Text: The actual hotel was nice but the cleaning lady did not do her job. We had a room with 2 full sized beds. One had some things on it and the other had a wire hanger on it. I understand not being able to make up the one bed with things on it but she should have made the other bed up. She did not take the trash out. She put a stack of towels on the bathroom sink and did not pickup any dirty towels. 
She talked to us before we left and when we got back to the hotel she talked to use before she left for the day. When we got to the room the above problems are what we saw. She was lazy on her job but not her tongue. One of my roommates had to call the front desk to report her work and to ask for garbage bags. I think they should have picked up the trash instead of bringing garbage bags. I hope they gave her a verbal council/disciplinary talk, as asked by my roommate, and no one else have that problem again.
Rating: 4
Text: I loved this hotel. Great location, the hotel staff was great Drew, Eva,  and Joanne at the front desk all the way to the custodial service. The hotel was very clean,  the beds were comfortable and breakfast was good. They even had chicken sausage for us non pork eaters.
