Hampton Inn Huntington/Barboursville
Rating: 5
Text: These weary travelers received a warm welcome from Amanda! After a 12 hour drive from Georgia, we were happy to see Amanda's smiling face and hear her kind words! She IS the face of Hampton Inn, and she represented you fabulously! She provided fresh baked cookies and offered us a refreshing bottle of water! Kudos for hiring such a pleasant, customer friendly employee!
And we lucked up! When we checked out the following morning, she was again behind the counter with that BIG smile, she even sent us on our way with a "to go" bag with goodies for the road. We were most impressed by the service received!
The room was fabulous and the hearty breakfast was delicious!
If ever in the area again, we will return!
Rating: 5
Text: Quiet, comfortable rooms and a friendly staff make this hotel a pleasure to stay at. Continental breakfast is served daily. Cracker Barrel is just across the parking lot and Subway is just to the side of the hotel. There is a medium sized mall with plenty of stores only a short drive away. Rooms are very conservative for a Hampton. Cherry wood tones interspersed with notes of gold and burgundy highlight the room. Only complaint I have is the bathtub didn't drain well. At the end of a 15 minute, I was ankle deep in water. I left word at the front desk about the issue, and I was assured that it would be taken care of. This morning the tub was draining well. Awesome job on being receptive to guest feedback!
Rating: 5
Text: I checked in on Friday about 5 pm the lobby was full. I was greated by Brittany she was very helpful and quick to help me she informed me of the amenity. She is an asset 
To the Hampton inn I will return to the Hampton inn based on the way she treated me.
Thank you Brittany!
Rating: 4
Text: Do even bother going to a different hotel. This is the one. Kid friendly and nice and clean.
Rating: 4
Text: Not the easiest to see how to get to off the freeway, it's behind several other businesses. The rooms are standard Hampton, and kept clean / fresh. The cable package offered is nice, if you use it. There was a fridge and microwave in both rooms I've stayed in. The staff is very friendly and responsive.
