Hampton Inn St. Louis/Chesterfield
Rating: 3
Text: Hotel looked clean and had been remodeled nicely, they had all washable bedding which was very clean and appreciated. The hotel needed to be carpet cleaned as the carpet in our bedroom and in the hallway was sticky. The pool area hadn't been cleaned all day, so when we went at 10 p.m. there were no clean towels left and dirty towels were all over the pool deck and chairs and the pool was ice cold. The breakfast bar was smaller but had decent selection but boasted mostly sugar items. It wasn't kept restocked so when we went at 9 a.m. there weren't any eggs, waffle mix or milk left and was never checked in the 30 minutes we were there. It was a decent place to stay but could use a few minor improvements.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed in a room with the whirlpool hot tub. The hot tub was a large bath tub and with jets and worked with ease. Our room was clean and spacious and well stocked with towels and other amenities. The workers at the front desk were very helpful and nice. I would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Overall good hotel. Rooms are clean and as promised. The doors stick a bit and sometimes do not fully latch which can be a bit concerning. The showers are also outdated but from what I can tell are being renovated. Everything else was great! I would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: Pet friendly with no pet fee (as of 6/2017). We stayed here while relocating. The staff is super friendly and very helpful. The hotel is generally quiet and in a fantastic location. Central to just about anything you want or need I highly recommend staying here.
Rating: 3
Text: I was moved to this property after my booked hotel was sold out upon my arrival. My booked hotel paid for the stay. It was nice to have somewhere to lay my head, but the room wasn't without issues. The flooring in the room was sticky. Carpeting and the tile. The entire room felt damp, even under the covers in the bed. I would have been inclined to complain had the room not been free to me, but for $159 a night, I'm sure other full paying individuals were not happy. The free breakfast had a nice selection of hot and cold items. Coffee was a little weak and bitter though. C- stay.
