Hampton Inn Bloomington
Rating: 5
Text: Staying at the Hampton Inn in Bloomington was such a delight. The check in process was seamless and Michael was attentive and thorough. The rooms were clean, updated, and the beds were comfy. I would definitely stay here again, and not just for the delicious free cookies!
Rating: 5
Text: Our client Christine Little recently stayed here while performing near by, and we would like to send a huge Thank You to the staff and management for being so awesome during her stay! The room was perfect, and the property was very nice. There was a laundry room, fitness center, and a free breakfast to get all caught up and back to "normal" before hitting the road again. Highly recommend this hotel to anyone in the area!
Rating: 5
Text: The staff are extremely helpful, courteous and friendly...from the Sr. Mgrs to the Housekeepers and Maintenance people! The hotel is somewhat old but very comfortable, with tasteful furnishings and nicer-than-usual artwork. The soundproofing in the rooms is excellent! Over a long stay we were never disturbed by any noise, and our own revelries and television never caused any problems with neighboring guests. They also have what may be the best complimentary hotel breakfast offered anywhere: Eggs, potatoes, breakfast meats, fresh fruits, yogurts, oatmeal, bagels, Belgian waffles (batter ready to cook, with a good waffle iron and simple method), along with an impressive array of potential toppings. And of course, fresh brewed coffee--"robust" and regular, plus hot water with a variety of teas. They also have juices and fruits like bananas available around the clock. Plus they put out freshly-baked, dangerously tempting cookies each weekday afternoon! The outdoor pool is good--sized, and there is a respectable area of grass and trees around most of the structure. 
Rating: 1
Text: NO TV information in rooms -UNREAL !!! Staff is friendly and respectful.  No answer on why WHAT WE CALL mystery TV.  No channels have any information when viewing the TV guide.  Management says it will be Thanksgiving before they can fix the TV issue here. (Aug 292017)  Not a good situation for Extended Business stays or those who value have TV information !!!
Unacceptable answer and NO CORPERATE (Hilton ) response when I contacted them.  

UNREAL  !!!!  BLANK TV MENU IN EVERY ROOM.

Nov 11 2017 
STILL HAVE NO TV MENU IN ALL ROOMS!!!!

August 29 - November 11 still waiting ??

Obviously management is not interested in fixing these Hampton TVS !!! 
 REPLIES make it sound like it is fixed. 
 IT IS NOT !!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Great stay. Very friendly and helpful staff! Clean, comfortable rooms
