Hampton Inn & Suites Chicago/Lincolnshire
Rating: 5
Text: This place was great! The complementary breakfast blew me away, I was super impressed by the fresh fruit selection. The bathroom in my room was very nice. I was happy with the complementary soaps and make-up remover wipe they provided! I was able to use the common lobby area as a study space during the day and it was very nice as well. The bed and pillows were decently comfy. The sheets were not scratchy, like I have experienced in other hotels. The room looked updated and inviting. There were a couple places that needed to be dusted, but that was fine with me. It is right next door to Big Bowl. We walked over and had a delicious dinner, so I recommend you do that too!
Rating: 5
Text: Great staff. Everyone was accommodating and helpful. Clean rooms! The breakfast was always really nice. Fresh! Located near shops and restaurants. Not far from Navy training facility. 
Rating: 4
Text: Nice roomy suite. Comfy bed. Only thing was the outlet by the sink in the bathroom didn't work which made drying and styling my hair in the morning a little difficult. When I told the front desk at checkout, he didn't really seem to care too much. Breakfast was decent as well. Glad to see the fresh fruit options.  
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed here for 4 nights on business.  The lobby is large with plenty of space for working and lots of plugs for charging.  My suite was nicely sized - I realized later that it was the ADA suite - and was clean and well-maintained.  
There is a small workout room, with only medicine balls instead of free weights and 2 treadmills, but there is a shortish path out the back with a little lake for more outdoor jogging and walking.  There is an indoor pool as well.

The staff was very friendly at check-in, check-out, and whenever we asked about local restaurants.  

They had a good breakfast, especially for a HI.  It included rice and miso soup, so I guess there is an Asian contingent who visits regularly.  

They do have a shuttle for the area, but we ended up just walking to the restaurants nearby.

A great option for Lincolnshire!
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was nice and very accommodating for our wedding party. We had a full kitchen in our room and the coffee downstairs is good.
