Hampton Inn Louisville I-65 @ Brooks Rd.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is so clean and beautifully decorated.  Diane, the night desk clerk was so pleasant to talk to.  She recommend some things to see around your great city.  We will definitely be checking some of these out, starting tomorrow!!! So happy with our stay!! Would recommend this hotel highly.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff is very friendly.  The rooms are clean and smell fresh.  However, the comfy chair to relax in doesn't exist...
Rating: 2
Text: Good thing stay was free... I used points. Front desk and breakfast staff were very friendly and nice. My issue was the damp, musty smell both in my room and throughout the hotel. It almost made the stay unbearable. They really need to get this addressed. The breakfast was average to below average. If you like biscuits bad gravy great, but premade omelets were awful and fruit selection was minimal and poorly cut. Not sure why they can't just have scrambled eggs with some bacon or sausage... ketchup bottles and salsa availability would also be improvements.
Rating: 4
Text: This is not a bad place to stay on your way through town for a night or two. The common areas are clean and we'll kept and the complimentary breakfast is generous. The room and bathroom was clean but seemed really damp and the floor areas were sticky.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed there 8/20/17--night before total eclipse just to the south--so it was quite busy. ESP given that, we were very pleased with its cleanliness & the excellent supply & quality of breakfast items. We stay at MANY Hampton Inns due to their reasonable prices & free breakfast which tends to have a larger variety of items than many places.
DISCLAIMER: For the sake of posterity commemorating the importance of witnessing the TOTAL ECLIPSE & why we stayed at the Hampton Inn Louisville, the pictures posted were not taken there but ~40 miles south on 8/21/17 at peak darkness ~2:27pm EDT. If you didn't see it, you'll have another chance somewhere (including Muncie, IN, location of Ball State Univ, home of the nation's 12th largest planetarium) on May 8, 2024.
