Hampton Inn Anderson
Rating: 3
Text: For the most part the hotel is nice. It has some age to it and I feel it could be cleaner. I found some business cards from a previous guest left in the room and the toilet did not work properly.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was easy to spot from the main road and easy to navigate to. Check in was seamless and my room was clean & comfortable. Breakfast was okay. I would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: When I first walked in, there were still warm Otis Spunkmeyer cookies at the front desk that were free for the taking. Great way to be greeted. The room seemed clean, warm, and pleasant. My bed was comfy and I slept very well. Breakfast was a little lacking in selection (cereal, make your own waffle, breads and bagels, yogurt, oatmeal, sausage, something else I can't remember, and some fruit). They also had quick to-go bags of breakfast with a small muffin, apple, granola bar and a water. Staff was very nice. Overall, while it wasn't stunning, it was a very pleasant stay so 4 stars from me.
Rating: 5
Text: Tracey and Andrea make magic happen! Such pleasant and helpful people in a clean and inviting hotel! Highly recommended based on hospitality alone!
Rating: 1
Text: The one star is only for the helpfulness and friendliness of the onsite staff. That being said, my one week stay at this hotel has made me never want to book another room with the Hilton brand of hotels. This is consistently one of the most expensive hotels in the area (I've personally stayed in, or known other people to stay in four others at this exit) and I'd suggest booking somewhere else.

When I first got to my room, it reeked of mildew and the floors were sticky (before I even took my shoes off) so I voiced my complaint and one of the hotel staff walked a new key up to my room and even helped me move my things to a second room. I was offered 5000 bonus Hilton points by the app because I switched rooms.

The second room, had a LOT of cosmetic /maintenance issues. First off, the lampshade was literally duct taped onto the fixture (I didn't use that lamp for fear that the whole place would burn down); someone had pulled on the shower curtain rod and broke the shower surround and maintenance just left it dangling; the only towel hook in the room easily came off the wall; the shower faucet was sticking over an inch out of the wall; the toilet had a small leak so you'd constantly hear it refilling; the hot water consistently took 5-10 minutes to reach my faucet (and this was off-peak, around 3 pm) and then randomly switched to completely scaulding hot or ice cold for no reason; the wallpaper was slashed and hanging so you could see the drywall in quite a few locations; as other reviewers had mentioned, the TV didn't work (it turns out the TVs reset themselves every time you turn them off and forget which input to use; you have to manually change the input every time you turn it on); and finally, (even though, I admit, this is not under their control) there is a new hotel being built behind this one and there is construction noise non-stop from 7am until 9 pm. [The other hotel is scheduled to be completed in January of 2018.]

 Still, I persisted; I didn't want to switch rooms and move all my stuff, yet again. I dealt with everything and I checked out at the end of the week and went home. Later that day, I received an e-mail from Hilton asking me to review my stay. So I mentioned everything I said above, and I attached photos, to help them understand what I was talking about.

Hilton online offered to refund the entire cost of my stay; I was ecstatic! It was a work trip so it wasn't coming out my pocket but it was still exciting that their customer service was so spot on. I replied to the e-mail, thanking them, and answering their questions. I must have gone back and forth with them via e-mail 4 or 5 times (each time with *another* person responding). Finally, some days later, I got another e-mail from the first person who responded saying that all of sudden, they can't refund the stay because I was offered 5000 points for switching rooms the first time (which was handled by *another* representative).

Keep in mind, I never asked for any sort of reimbursement; I was merely responding to the e-mail that they sent asking me to review my stay. By that time, I had already filed for reimbursement from work for my other expenses from this trip; the hotel charge was still labeled as pending on my credit card. I ended up not being able to get reimbursed for my stay from work and paid out of pocket because their customer service kept yanking my chain back and forth for almost a week.
