Hampton Inn Indianapolis Downtown Across from Circle Centre
Rating: 5
Text: We have stayed here in the past for the Indy Mini and recently stayed for a concert at Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Everything was excellent! From the moment we walked in the staff was very friendly and accomodating. Room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast is more than most hotels consider continental. Great location for doing things downtown. I will use this hotel again when I'm in Indy.
Rating: 1
Text: I arrived and immediately thought the hotel appeared dirty. I checked in and when I got to my room I realized they put me in a room with 2 double beds rather than the king size I registered for 6 months prior. When I called the front desk to tell them they didn't care. They said there was nothing they could do about it. I told them I was going to call other hotels in the area to see if I could find a room with a king size bed. Unfortunately everything was booked due to a conference that was going on but when I finally called another Hilton and asked to speak to a manager she was so disgusted that the Hampton Inn which is a Hilton property refused to help me.  She made some calls and within 60 minutes they switched my room.  It's pretty sad that it took another manager from a different hotel to switch my room to the correct one. I would never again stay at a Hampton Inn, especially the one in downtown Indianapolis.
Rating: 5
Text: Good so far. Its downtown. So no parking unless you valet. Or go to the parking deck for $25. Cool old hotel across from the hard rock. Try to get a room that faces the main road, not the alley
Rating: 5
Text: The location is great with only a short walk to the Lucas Oil Stadium. Our room is very spacious, the washroom is clean and presentable. There is good lighting, and plenty of outlets to charge your devices. Breakfast is great, but there should be a plain egg offering that doesn't include bacon or ham. Maid service is great as expected. Overall, great experience.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed on the 9th floor at a room at the end of the hall, it was quiet and away from the elevators and foot traffic which was nice. The room was spacious and clean. The only downfall was the microwave light which was a bright blue that lit up the entire room when it was dark. Unfortunately the plug was behind the media center so unplugging it wasnt an option. It was a great location to the event we were attending.
