Hampton Inn & Suites Forest Park
Rating: 1
Text: At the end of October we stayed at the Hampton Inn in Forrest Park, St. Louis. During our stay an employee stole our credit card information and charged $2000 to it. We reported it and the manager refused to investigate this matter because his employee said he didn't do it. I contacted Corporate and they opened a complaint file and told me they would investigate. The manager from the hotel then called me and harassed me wanting to go through "the many discrepancies in my statement to corporate", attempted to call me a liar and intimidate me, saying I should never have spoken to corporate, I only should have talked to him about this. I contacted corporate about this call and the woman said the manager would be investigated as well for how he handled this. She said he should have called to follow up and see if we've had any further charges, or any further issues, not called to tell me I'm a liar and shouldn't have contacted corporate. The next day I received an email from the manager stating he's happy we had the chance to speak and everything is resolved and he's closing the case. Corporate assured me he could not close the case and they would call me to make sure I was satisfied prior to closing this. 

Weeks later I call corporate to follow up and Christa B. says the only person who can help me with with matter is the manager of the hotel and corporate doesn't like to get involved in matters of this nature. So even though the manager of the hotel harassed me and won't investigate his employee, he's the only person I can talk to? I asked for her supervisor and she refused to send me to anyone but her saying she is the top of the line and there's nothing she will do about this. She said the manager will only be investigated for how he treated me if there are multiple complaints and quality assurance happens to open these complaints and see a trend. Otherwise, they have this complaint on file and that is all that they can do to handle the fraud and the harassment. 

So moral of the story is that our credit card was stolen, the hotel manager and corporate refuse to help us, and even though the manager harassed me, corporate cannot do anything to ensure this won't happen again and another customer won't be treated like this. Thanks Hampton by Hilton. I was assured that they would make this right. So far nobody has done anything.
Rating: 4
Text: Room and hotel were very nice. Staff was also very friendly. Parking was a bit strange. Breakfast was good, but average compared to other hotel chains. Proximity to the zoo and other sites made it a great place to stay this time and in the future.
Rating: 5
Text: Just a great experience! Staff is very courteous and attentive! The food is good, and they really do have great parking. My experience is the same every time I come!
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed at this hotel for some work at children's hospital. The location is very convenient and is very close to forest park too. Clean rooms, friendly staff. My only complaint is the lack of nearby food options. The attached restaurant closed, leaving only a Jimmy John's and a coffee shop within walking distance. If room prices are similar I'd prefer to stay at the Homewood suites a couple miles west.
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed at this Hotel for 1 night. Checked in around 8pm. The girl working during this shift  was so rude and unprofessional. The credit card machine was not working, she needed to get my information, but since it was not working she told me in a ugly way " just don't destroy anything." Then after she got it to work. She said ok," you are good to go." i just looked at her and she said it another time and i told her you didn't give me a room number or card. She was so frustrated already and just said " oh i didn't give you nothing." and scanned the cards and gave them to me. I said thanks. Not one time did she bother to say your welcome. Then the room she gave me the door didn't lock. So i went down to let her know and she didn't bother to apologize for that she just grabbed the cards and gave them to me and once again i said thanks and she didn't say anything. Other than dealing with her.  The hotel was clean pool was nice. Rooms are pretty big. Breakfast was pretty good.
