Hampton Inn St. Robert/Ft. Leonard Wood
Rating: 5
Text: Loved staying at the Hampton Inn. We had an accident with our son and Melissa went above and beyond to help us out. I am grateful beyond words she was there to help. She is very personable with all of the guests. Highly recommend staying here when in town. The over all atmosphere was very welcoming, friendly and clean.
Rating: 2
Text: I have stayed here a number of times when visiting the area. I ave never had any problem until this visit. The front desk manager was rude, unhelpful, and uncaring.
I arrived to my room and it had a slight odd odor but not to the point it was really bothersome. After completing some work I was changing shoes and crossed the room without shoes on. I quickly discovered that the carpet in front of the refrigerator was soaking wet. I used two towels to try and dry it some and then made the desk aware on my way out for the evening. The manager just said that the refrigerators do that. No offer to try and dry the carpet or move me. Another employee began to try and help me but the manager spoke over her. It was a very strange interaction.
Rating: 5
Text: I called at 11pm at night thinking about staying at the Hampton inn off base for my sons graduation from the Army.  I spoke with Jason. I had a million question due to me not knowing how anything work. We went over the room, flight, rental and car service questions that he did not have to answer and did. Jason put my mind at easy and there will be no question where I will be staying. Thank you Hampton in for having a great staff!
Rating: 5
Text: I haven't stayed there yet... But Melissa was super helpful, friendly, and patient with my reservation over the phone. if the rest of the staff is as friendly as she is we are in for a terrific stay.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was nice and clean. Television was good size for the room. It was two full size beds, which is what the website says but the front desk called them queens. The hotel is just off the highway but you have to o wind around the backside to get there. Good value Hampton.
