Hampton Inn St. Louis-Columbia
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was quiet and the front desk staff was friendly. The room was nice and set up different than most Hampton's I've stayed at (it looked newer and freshly redesigned). The ac worked very well and no complaints there. The only two complaints I have are as follows: the water pressure want great. You got enough, but if you wanted to use the shower heads provided for anything other than a constant stream, they did not work as intended as the water pressure just wasn't enough to get the message component to alternate chambers in the shower head. Additionally breakfast was slim pickings. The pastry bin was completely empty. I didn't wait for long, but during the couple of minutes I was down there it remained so. Other than those two minor complaints, it was a good stay (and for 10,000 points, I'd definitely return).
Rating: 5
Text: Great staff!!! We were having a horrible night and walked in late and the staff was so pleasant to us. Check in was great! The beds are soft and the rooms are on the larger side. Microwave and fridge in every room. The A/C is great there is a wall unit which makes it easy to use. The bathroom is beautiful and has a walk in shower instead of the standard bathtub/shower. Breakfast is hot and they have great selections. It's a little farther from St Louis than we would like but honestly it's worth it! I will be staying here next time we visit St Louis!
Rating: 4
Text: I have stayed a lot here over the years. Nice quiet and clean. Very responsibly priced. Lots to do in the area. I am loving the digital key that comes to my Iphone. I chose my room on the app when I check in. Where my room is ready the key comes to the phone. No check in and go right to my room
Rating: 5
Text: This is our 2nd year we have stayed and it is a really clean and nice place to stay. Rich is a really nice guy. Awesome times and we will return next year.
Rating: 3
Text: The room was great, our neighbors were not. Unfortunately, these there guys were loud (filling an ice chest out in the hall at 2:30 am -- incredibly loud racket), then went in and left again, banging doors the whole way. They came back about an hour later -- banging doors, talking loudly -- waking us up again. We called the desk both times and it didn't seem anything was done other than to sympathise.
