Hampton Inn & Suites Chicago/Hoffman Estates
Rating: 4
Text: I like this Hampton, perhaps because it is always where I stay when I come to Hoffman Estates and I am a creature of habit but I do believe it is mostly because of the friendly staff and consistency in comfort.

It is a nice property, located in a business park area.  Lots of services/restaurants (hello Starbucks) within a mile.  The rooms are always clean and comfortable... I love their pillows.

The staff -- over the last few years that I have stayed here, the staff is unwavering in their service and friendliness.   All the staff.

The free breakfast is solid... I am a Hampton Waffle junkie so I am pretty easy to please... but their oatmeal is pretty darn good too.

It is a Hampton, not the Ritz... but it is a four star Hampton for sure.
Rating: 5
Text: Great room for the price. I've stayed at the Hyatt next door too. The Hyatt is slightly nicer, but not worth the extra cash. I've also stayed at the la Quinta near by, and hawthorn suites on the other side of the highway This is my favorite. Breakfast in this Hampton is very good. The bagels were nice and fresh. Very good oatmeal and toppings. Our suite had a kitchen, but not many dishes. The suite was large and beds were comfortable. Clean pool and hot tub. For $99, I feel like I made out very well. I'd stay here again rather than the Hyatt.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here while stuck on a layover in which my bags were checked with the airline overnight. They were so accommodating, providing toothpaste and toothbrush and just everything I needed. Great staff.
Rating: 5
Text: Great experience. Plenty of room for our large family. Friendly helpful staff and great free breakfast. Hotel over all has a great "home" feel to it. Felt welcome from the start. Rooms are spacious and laid out well. Construction was a bit tricky around hotel but overall would stay there again!
Rating: 4
Text: UPDATE:
Increased to four stars because of the amazing housekeeping staff! The rooms were clean and the housekeepers were so friendly! 

I absolutely love the rooms, but the service was not the best. The front desk lady was rude and even though we had called ahead weeks before to reserve rooms on the first floor, they said they only had rooms available on third.
