Hampton Inn & Suites Toledo-North
Rating: 5
Text: A bunch of hotels and restaurants in the area. The room was very clean and updated well. The desk employees were quick and efficient to get me everything I needed. The breakfast and lobby area were spacious and looked really nice. Great hotel for work trips.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean room, nice newer rooms very modern looking. Clean and bright look to everything. Hot breakfast was very nice, had something for everyone. Pool was a pleasant temperature. Staff was friendly and professional. Very good experience.
Rating: 1
Text: I wish I could give them a half of a start Horrible weekend, me and my wife had a Surprise hotel party for our 7 year old. We booked a two Double queen suite but when we got there they gave us a king suite they told use the double room was all messed up bcuz the people b4 us Basically f it up so they Change the rate $10 bucks Cheaper got to the room Stove don’t work, toilet seat to big for toilet it’s like a Swivel , one Remote didn’t work to tv , this hotel is Terrible I found a XXX DVD Above the kitchen cabinet , the walls in bathroom look like it had water Damage from a leak , Very outdated . Needs a lot of Updates I wouldn’t let my dog stay here or recommend anybody to stay, but the Front Desk staff was very nice and the Breakfast was very Horrible
Rating: 4
Text: Good location. Clean, comfortable stay. Asked (twice) about late checkout and was told no problem but cleaning service was knocking on our door right at checkout and then called the room. I went to the front desk and the staff remembered me and the the request and apologized. Other than that, no issues at all.
Rating: 1
Text: There was a mix up with the room I booked, so I was moved to another room. While my family was enjoying the pool, I over heard a housekeeping employee yelling at the front desk employee, regarding our extended late check out. She was extremely upset talking about the three rooms we booked not checking out until late. When confronted she did not apologize but yelled again and said whatever walking away. Very unprofessional! Manager did not apologize or rectify the problem!
