Hampton Inn & Suites Columbus Hilliard
Rating: 1
Text: The sense of urgecy? Terrible. Desk girl. Clueless. Cleaning staff slow. Just to check in takes 4hours????. I travel weekly and at this point a motel seems way more competent than this simply redundant establishment. Check in at 3 like the website says? Good luck. Check in more like 6pm. Help walks around with no direction just aimlessly walking around. Overheard some guest complaining stuff in their rooms not working. No apology. Front desk changes shift to an old man. I thought maybe he came in with a sense of urgency to get my room ready. No such luck. The same lackadaisical clueless unapologetic attitude.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice hotel...rooms are clean and staff is very friendly! It's the little things that make the stay. Like the mini fridge in the room and the coffee bar at all hours. It was nice to take some ice cream back to the room, stick it in the freezer, and settle in with a good movie. I really like the little table that slides under the couch. I brought back food for my wife and I it gave us a place to sit and eat. Thanks for a good stay!
Rating: 1
Text: Quality customer service goes a long way and can easily remedy most situations.  I am beyond frustrated with this particular Hampton Inn with a recent reservation and have made many phone calls to rectify the problem.   I travel monthly and am a loyal Hilton Honors member.  After this time consuming experience I am switching over to Marriott for all my travel stays.  Please hire more friendly and competent staff if you would like to retain patrons.
Rating: 4
Text: New hotel, very good rooms and breakfast included. But, sound seems to travel through the walls very easily here. We could easily hear the people walking in the room above, even though they weren't heavy walkers.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice modern hotel. The breakfast could use some attention, while I was there they ran out of eggs and sausage. Their selection is also on the bare side, not a ton to choose from. Clean hotel though, I would stay here again.
