Hampton Inn Chicago Downtown/Magnificent Mile
Rating: 4
Text: Great room, hot breakfast. Superb valet. Fitness machines not all functional, over the air tv's, pool closed. Fan in room absent, AC worked fine. Fitness room has great view (on roof). Soda is 3.50. Terrific location, can see ocean from room. Would return.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible, staying at the 1411 room and all night all kinds of noise.

 It felt all night it was a vacuum and things getting hit. I called the front desk and Marcus and he said let me check with the team.  Then he calls and says: it is the air conditioner unit, and I said it is not an air conditioning I can hear a vacuum or a work they are doing upstairs all night all morning, I haven't slept it all. 

He calls back and says: I am sorry it is the elevator because you are next to him....really?? He says there is nothing they can do about it and that they can move me to another room away from the elevator.

It really sucks they pretend it is the elevator as I heard last night that one of there rooms got flooded last night. I am pretty sure is the room upstairs they are trying to dry the floor. 

I am trying to cancel the night I have with them tonight and they won't accept it....

By the way all hotel smells bad. I don't recommend this place.
Rating: 4
Text: Front desk.was good.  Room was nice but quite small for 2.  Location was great being only 1 block from Michigan Avenue and Northwestern Memorial Hospital  q
Rating: 5
Text: Staff is super friendly and helpful, room is clean and a great size for 2 and esp when you don't plan on sitting in your hotel all day. It's seconds walking distance from the Mile. This was my first stay here, but definitely not the last.
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent location and friendly staff.  Stayed here for Marathon weekend (2017) and were very pleased with the facility and the staff.  Parking was expensive, but certainly not unreasonable for downtown full valet services (with unliminted in/out privileges).  We were on the 38th floor, which provided very nice views of the city/buildings towards/beyond the Magnificent Mile. The bathroom was definitely on the small side, but there was only two of us for this trip, so we easily made it work.  Can't wait to go back to Chicago, and will certainly stay here again.
