Hampton Inn Mt. Vernon
Rating: 5
Text: Ms. Bruce,

I have been staying at this particular Hotel for a good number of years. I would like to pay you and your Staff the highest of compliments for the great job you have consistently done with the upkeep of your Hotel. From the first time I stayed there until this past Saturday, August 12, when we stayed again, your Hampton Inn has consistently been as new as it was when you opened. It has always smelled new and fresh! It has always been clean - near spotless. It has always been as comfortable or more comfortable than any Hotel I have stayed in. And, we travel weekly and stay in many Hotels. The beds are always fresh and are some of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. I would love to know where I might buy the mattress you use. Everything is done with excellence at your Mt. Vernon, IL Hampton Inn, and I give you the highest of compliments! You obviously have put together a Team which takes their jobs seriously! I give them the highest of compliments as well. I applaud you for a job well done! You deserve an Award of Excellence!
Rating: 4
Text: The staff is awesome, and very friendly. Literally within minutes if not seconds of entertainment from food to movies.. only reason for 4 stars is the water. Hot water seems to come from a holding tank that has pump sediment in it as it has a very earthy smell.. not bad by any means just not what you'd expect at a 3 star hotel but definitely would stay here again and again.
Rating: 1
Text: I would prefer to leave zero stars.  I will never use a Hilton or Hampton Inn hotel again in my life, and I will tell everyone I know not to use them.  The worst customer service I have ever experienced.  I was not able to go to the hotel that I reserved and cancelled my reservation.  I was promised a 50% refund, but the hotel manager will not even give back the 50% refund.  They are now claiming that I stayed there when that is completely false and I have never even seen this place.  Watch out for Hampton Inn and Hilton.  Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible,Terrible.
Rating: 5
Text: Had to book online to make a reservation for my brother, who was traveling from Denver to North Carolina to my house.   Desk staff was awesome and very helpful.   My brother was treated very well and he loved his room.  He said the staff was very friendly and helpful.  Of course the room was A++ as always
Rating: 4
Text: Clean room great breakfast friendly cleaning staff. Great place to stay.
