Hampton Inn Columbus-Airport
Rating: 1
Text: Hotel was Ok, however their hotel parking which had a similar rate to other lots was terrible.  When My wife and I got back to Columbus, we had to pick up our children.  We immediately called the Hampton Inn from the courtesy phone and they stated they would send the shuttle.  Well after almost a half hour waiting in sub 40 degree weather and watching EVERY other shuttle arrive (most two times)to pick up respective passengers we called back.  The lady at the front desk tried to say she had sent the shuttle and would send him again, my wife explained we had not moved from the pickup site and then within another 5 minutes the shuttle showed up, from 0.25 miles away.  Needles to say I was not satisfied with the Hampton inn--the whole point of staying there is for convenience, and their shuttle service was less convenient than if we had simply walked back to the hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was comfortable and very clean. The front desk clerks were friendly, efficient, and helpful. We had no issues with noise from the airport. It was a good stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean hotel. Great king size bed! The room next to the elevator was noisy. The breakfast selection and space was minimal.
Rating: 5
Text: A very peaceful quiet room, attentive, helpful & pleasant staff, delicious breakfast. Enjoyed my stay tremendously.
Rating: 3
Text: First off, I love to stay at Hampton Inn. Really great beds and super nice people work there. This time, not so much. There was one woman who checked me in who was amazing. Professional, engaging, lovely and helpful. A joy. Everyone else, acted like they didn't want to be there or as if you were bothering them. I came down after checking in to see what the options were for restaurants near the hotel. There were other people waiting and the lovely woman was clearly busy helping them. Next to her was a guy who never even bothered looking up as he typed away on his keyboard. Never acknowledged anyone or said 'one moment', nothing, just walked away from the desk and left people waiting. I'm hoping he wasn't the manager. When I checked out, I mentioned to the young guy that there was a horrible smell in the bathroom, that I thought it might be the shower curtain. You know that sour smell when you forget a load of laundry in the washer? Kid actually looked irritated, mumbled he'd mention it to housekeeping. The hotel rooms itself are great. Real nice set up. A desk chair, , fridge, two cubes that can be rolled around for extra seating or to set things on, lovely wallpaper, tiles and cabinetry in the bathroom, Breakfast was mediocre. Would have been nice to have bacon or sausage vs mostly sauce 'sausage' gravy. Or how about some oatmeal cups vs the watery mush in the pot? Coffee was excellent. I had the Robust at the lovely ladies suggestion. Considering the hotel is right at the airport, it wasn't loud. My daughter said people were super loud at the pool, which was outside our room, till late into the night. I missed it.
