Hampton Inn Detroit/Roseville
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel has a good ambiance. Staff is incredibly kind and friendly. The girl who does breakfast is very accommodating and does a great job every morning. The front desk is kind, but sometimes over burdened doing it all themselves...would benefit the hotel to get them some extra help (at least on weekends). Rooms are decent. Fridge and microwave were helpful. Housekeeping does a great job getting you what you need. Only down-side would be the noise. It was a crowded weekend, so our experience may be from that, but we could hear the kids upstairs running back and forth down the halls. Also, hallways were somewhat slippery from kids going to the pool. Maybe get some water resistant rugs? Overall- nice experience, good location and would recommend it.
Rating: 3
Text: Needed to stay a night to inspect some of our crews working in the area, I picked this place because it had a hot tub after a long car drive and day inspecting, but it was closed that night. Rooms were clean though. Just wish I could've soaked my knees
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel was horrendous. I booked a large block of rooms for my wedding and dealing with this hotel was the worst part of my whole planning process. They kept loosing my guests reservations including mine and my husbands. The front desk at check in was rude and unhelpful, the room was never cleaned, they over charged one of the groomsmen and they charged us for a room that we were told was free due to all the trouble we went through. I booked for the free shuttle and I would pay twice as much to have booked somewhere else.  Please don't book this hotel for your wedding, they will ruin your day.
Rating: 4
Text: Good value hotel. Clean and quiet at a good price, but no bar or much of a pantry at all.
Rating: 4
Text: The place looks really good. The dining room area and the rooms are clean and look newly renovated. The indoor pool was great but the water was a little green and not very warm. Continental breakfast had a good variety of hot and cold food. The staff was very polite I'll definitely stay here again.
