Hampton Inn & Suites Lincoln - Northeast I-80
Rating: 3
Text: Great hotel. Nice rooms. Updated throughout. One drawback, our room was situated above the entrance. Why might that be a drawback? Music is piped into the entrance over hang. And for some reason during the night, the volume of the music was turned up. Where was the party? Early morning, music was not audible from our room. Upon check out, front desk staff assured me volume was not turned up in the middle of the night. Why didn't I call in the middle of the night to question the loud music? Not to disturb the sleep of husband that can sleep through anything. But not me turning on light, calling front to complain. Just remember, Hampton Inn, that speakers are outside your guest windows.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean hotel, situated next to the highway behind 2 other hotels. Good rooms, if a little more compact than the usual Hampton. Staff was friendly and attentive, breakfast was delicious. Road noise was tolerable ok the upper floors facing the highway. Beds were comfortable, but the sheets were narrow. Hampton has been doing that lately, cost cutting measure, I'm sure.
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely a class act motel. Very beautiful entrance, upon entering and very friendly,  knowledgeable staff. The rooms are extremely well maintained and clean.  Linens are a gorgeous white and plentiful.  I had a double queen bed and it was very comfortable.  Microwave,  refrigerator and drawers for your clothes. Table with lamp for any work you may have. Plenty of outlets and lighting to illuminate your room. Hair dryer available and classy counter, makeup /mirror. Breakfast served at 6 and carry out lunches available. 
Rating: 5
Text: Clean and quiet even though it was right next to I-80.  Quick and easy check in for Hilton honors members.  Large,  well-appointed rooms with everything you need in them.  Great place to stay!!
Rating: 5
Text: Annette was wonderful!  Great asset to the company!  Loved how clean our room was.  The only thing was the sticky floor in the breakfast room by the waffle maker.  Other than that everything was lovely!
