Hampton Inn Peoria-East At The River Boat Crossing
Rating: 2
Text: Location was great, the service was above average, but the rooms were mediocre at best. I got the room through a third party site with a supposed 25% discount. For a $100 dollar room I could have had better for half the price. The floors were sticky, including the carpet. Walking on the carpet with no shoes turned your feet/socks black. There were no microwave or refrigerator which was highly disappointing. The a/c unit ran non-stop even if the temperature was what it was set to. The bed was nice and comfy and it was still a place to stay for a night, just not worth the price. Unless you plan on staying for the Casino boat, find another hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: THE ABSOLUTE SWEETEST STAFF!!!!  I have never encountered a staff so helpful and kind.  Miss Pearl made my Sunday morning. Everyone we saw was very nice.  Of they were faking....they deserve an award.  BEST hotel staff I have EVER seen.  ONLY REASON IT IS A 4* AND NOT 5* is the bed.  I don't care for a hard mattress.  But it worked. Food was good, room was spotless.  Stocked with supplies.  I would come here again in a heartbeat.
Rating: 5
Text: Always stay here if we have anything to do in Peoria.  Staff is top notch, rooms are clean and beds are comfortable. Never have had any problems with our stay. Once they double booked on New Years Eve and upgraded us to a sweet suite...LOL!
Rating: 5
Text: We reserved a block of rooms for our wedding guests and received a complimentary honeymoon suite. They offered a free shuttle service from our reception venue to the hotel. The staff was very friendly. The location is very nice - right next to a boat casino. The breakfast was decent. The group rate for hotel rooms was good.
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms were great; nice and neat, very clean. The breakfast was exactly like the other Hampton Inns that I have visited, which is a plus for regularity. Overall great place to stay if you need a hotel; the only reason I didn't rate this a five star is because I'm very picky. Overall though, for this price point it's perfect.
