Hampton Inn South Haven
Rating: 4
Text: Everything was really good here, no complaints. The room seemed like a recent remodeled of an older building, but done better than most. The staff was very friendly, beds comfortable, climate control really good. All in all, no complaints. The rates were a bit too high for my tastes, but not extremely high. This hotel seemed like a half step above every other hotel I've been to.
Rating: 2
Text: Noisy.  Had to change rooms because the people next door were so loud.  The second room was no better.  Got no sleep and checked out a day early. When checking out no one asked why we were leaving early or if our stay was ok. She just smiled and said goodbye. The rooms were clean. Great place if you don't want to sleep.
Rating: 1
Text: I arrived to the front desk to check-in and started the check-in process. I noticed a city notice taped to the front desk stating there was a boil order in place and the water in the hotel was not safe to consume. I had to ask the front desk person about the notice. I don't think she would have even mentioned it unless I asked. The hotel should have contacted me before arrival to let me know that the order was in place. I came with an infant and my pregnant wife to stay at this hotel. Had I known the water was not safe I would have made alternative arrangements. There were no other notices around the hotel or in the room stating this boil order other than the 1 on the front counter. I was offered a single bottle of water by the front desk. That was of little help with 3 people for 3 days. I had to get my own case of water. When the boil order had been lifted there was no communication to us. I found out about it from the local news. 

The employees at this hotel didn't care one bit about protecting the health and safety of their guests.
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly staff. Nice location. Breakfast was very good with a nice selection.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place. Staff was fantastic. Especially the lady with short hair during the night shift.
