Hampton Inn & Suites Middlebury
Rating: 5
Text: A very clean and well managed motel. The staff here was so friendly and very helpful in checking in and out. The motel is 7 years old but looks brand new, the breakfast is great with plenty of options to chose from.  Rooms are very spacious and updated, would definitely recommend this motel over others in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: Had some issues at first that I noticed in the bathroom the night I arrived called the front desk she came up and somewhat fixed what she could to the best of her abilities. The next morning i spoke to one of the house keepers before going down to speak to a manager. The house keeper was very understanding and great to talk to I had her speaki to my wife as well whom was upset over the issue. The manager sent up the house keeping supervisor and they had the house keeper I spoke with go in to the room and redo that bathroom area (cleaning). She did an excellent job. My wife and myself were pleased with the work this young lady did to make sure the rest of our stay was a good experience from making sure the room was cleaned properly to being a good person to chat with. We stayed at this location for 2 days while our rv was worked on. The manager his self was good and also accommodated us for the problem. The supervisor over house keeping was polite when speaking with my wife and made sure her house Keeper knew what to redo in the bathroom. You've done a good job training your house keeper ( Brandi ). She was professional and friendly the whole time as well as going above and beyond what was expected of her to keep us happy.
What started out as bad turned into being a pleasure. 
I would stay here again just knowing they do what they need to if there's a problem. 
Breakfast was very good and my wife enjoyed the hot tub. 

Thank you again Middlebury Hampton, special thank you to Brandi in house keeping. Every hotel should have a Brandi working for them!! 

- Nole & Nancy
Rating: 5
Text: I can not say enough good or give enough praise for the staff at the Middlebury Hampton Inn. We stayed 3 nights with them 2 of which were booked by Entegra RV during a time we were having paint work done. The paint took an extra day and even though they were fully booked as soon as the first cancellation came in they were able to book us in the same beautiful room for the 3rd night.  The rooms are very nice and very clean.
Rating: 5
Text: Good service, nice pool, good hot breakfast, clean rooms. Beds were a little hard though. That's my only complaint.
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed here after a Notre Dame football game. The drive was about 50 minutes in post-game traffic - I would recommend it to ND fans looking for a more reasonably priced hotel. The bed was comfy as usual for a Hampton and the breakfast had a nice variety of sweet and savory.
