Hampton Inn Pratt
Rating: 2
Text: This was a mixed experience.  The location is inviting on the exterior, and in a well situated location. The check-in experience was something which almost made us walk out. The lady, term is used loosely, made it very apparent she could not have been more annoyed to interact with us. She made almost no effort to engage in vocalized communication. My credit card and the room keys were thrown across the counter. I asked to speak with the manager, and was told she wouldn't be in until the next morning at 10 AM. We left the next morning prior to her arrival, and, upon my calling to speak with her, was told she was not available and she would call me back to speak about the situation. I feel I have waited a fair amount of time for a return phone call after numerous repeated attempts to reach out to speak about the situation prior to writing this review.  Aside from this debacle, the room was pleasant with comfortable beds and a quiet atmosphere.  I would stay again if the cranky desk clerk were not present.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here when my great aunt passed away September 13-17. We drove 10 hours to get here with a 14 month old. We were VERY tired and checking in a few hours later than expected with zero worry from the staff. When we got in our room the staff had set up a pack n play for my daughter prior to our arrival.  The staff accommodated every thing possible for us to make our stay comfortable and pleasant. They we're always happy to help. On our first morning there the we enjoyed a delicious breakfast and the manager brought my daughter a little rubber duck. The breakfast was outstanding every morning. And the breakfast attendant was so pleasant and helpful  every morning. She always greeted us when we came in and wished us a good day as we left. The pool was well maintained with two baskets for clean and dirty towels. Each chair had a neatly folded clean towel on it. The patio was well kept as well. After a big family dinner we had an impromptu gathering at the hotel and we were able to rent out the meeting room with zero notice. The only complaint I have is that I kept holding our room key next to my phone and because of that they kept deactivating (100% my fault) so, keep key and phone separate?  All in all this stay was very enjoyable, comfortable, pleasant and memorable. If I could give more than 5 stars I would. 

Thank you for making a difficult time in my grandmothers family a little less difficult with your pleasant staff. I will definitely stay again if given the chance. Hampton Inn will absolutely be my hotel of choice for future trips and vacations.
Rating: 5
Text: This Hampton Inn was the BEST hotel that I have stayed at in a long time!!!  The rooms were not only clean but had tall ceilings and the walk-in shower was amazing!  The bed was so comfortable with the soft comforter.  The staff, especially DJ & Haley, were gracious, friendly and helpful.  The breakfast beat any at the best restaurants in town.  Hampton Inn will now be my hotel of choice based on this stay! Thank you for a lovely stay.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice hotel. A few reasons I'm giving it 3 stars. The bathroom door is a sliding barn door that covers either the bathroom doorway or the closet. There's no lock. I suppose it was cheaper than buying a door for the bathroom and one for the closet.  Idk. Also, the bed is pretty uncomfortable. It's too hard, pillows are actually "squishy". Very uncomfortable & last was the breakfast. After already not sleeping well (hubby slept worse than I did), I was really hungry & looking forward to some tasty eggs & bacon, but they had cooked bagels with toppings & sausage that really didn't taste very well. I can't have bread, so had a few pieces of bacon & a small bowl of oatmeal. It was tasty, but everything was almost empty so didn't get very much. I left still hungry. I realize these are all my preferences. It was clean, the staff was friendly, the water pressure was good.
Rating: 5
Text: Dog friendly! Nice rooms, clean, and very friendly!
