Hampton Inn Bellevue
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing hotel. Staff is very friendly and accommodating!  Everyone has been so nice.  Rooms are clean and breakfast was very fulfilling.  Highly recommend this be your hotel of choice when visiting Bellevue!
Rating: 4
Text: The staff at The Hampton Inn in Bellevue was fabulous! They went out of their way to accommodate our family including our special needs child. We truly appreciate their kindness. The room was clean and  breakfast was hot and tastey. I also love the never-ending coffee bar?.
Rating: 1
Text: We have family in town who booked a night at the local Hampton Inn (Hampton Inn Bellevue, NE). We had a change of plans late last night (admittedly, inside of their ridiculous 48 hour reservation cancellation policy), and requested a simple cancellation. The hotel is unwilling to accommodate. My wife called the Reservations desk and was denied again. I called the front desk to ask to speak with a manager. There is no manager on-site during the weekends (when they are busy), and I left my phone number with a request for someone to call me. I explained that I have experience with front desk hotel management, and understood what I was requesting, and how it is something that can be accomplished. After waiting about two hours, I called again to inquire about my request, and was told by the front desk person that she did not have to "put up with my harassment and intimidation" and quickly hung up.
Interestingly, this quick grab of $30-40 profit off of this single night will cost them ALL of our future referrals for visiting friends and family. Not a good deal, in my opinion.
(Additionally, I have never had a business speak so condescendingly to me as the "corporate management" office of Hampton Inn. And I missed her insult of me because the line cut out, and when I asked her to repeat it was told: "Well, if you didn't hear it, then I didn't say it." Classy.)
It is unfortunate that a business would treat its customers in this manner, and even more disappointing that we cannot speak with one another (especially in areas of disagreement) without resorting to name-calling and unfair caricaturization. Ironically, whereas my handling of the situation was not intimidating, the assertion that I "harassed" and "intimidated" are designed to INTIMIDATE me into running away from the issue. What has happened to us?
Never again will we frequent a Hilton Hotels & Resorts property.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and comfortable. Front desk Lady was awesome. Her name was Chris. Super nice, very polite and very helpful.
Rating: 2
Text: Lower standards than most other Hamptons I've been to. The staff was not knowledgeable on Hilton Rewards questions. Their oven was broken during my entire week stay, so there was no hot breakfast. The walls are very thin, and I could clearly hear conversations to the sides and above me on the next floor. The pillows are quite firm compared to other Hampton Inns. The shower head didn't function properly. However, the room was very clean. The AC unit is much quieter than other Hampton properties. And the room is comfortably spacious, including the bathroom.
