Hampton Inn Decatur/Forsyth
Rating: 5
Text: Great overnight stay. Hotel is older, but has some interior renovations. Indoor pool in good condition. Room upgraded at checkin. Hilton gold status was recognized. Breakfast area looked to be recently remodeled. Breakfast had a wide selection and constantly being replenished.
Rating: 5
Text: This is the best hotel experience I've ever had.  Gorgeous facility with nice work out room, clean saltwater pool and great breakfast.  Staff was amazing!  We were in town for a memorial service for a family member, so several relatives were staying at this hotel.  The staff and manager accommodated our every need with a great indoor lounge and outdoor grill/fire pit area to visit (never expected the outdoor area).  Child-friendly facility with all-day fresh coffee, clean towels and sleek, modern room.  We will definitely refer others to this hotel and will stay there ourselves the next time we find ourselves in Decatur.  Wow!  Thank you do much for a wonderful weekend.
Rating: 2
Text: Came for family visit. Seemed like the nicest hotel in the area. Rooms clean ok, had lots of problems with room keys not working in the side door and the room door. Had to get new keys several times. Need to fix the doors so room keys work right! Free breakfast good.
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms were clean, and it was nice to have a hot breakfast in the morning. We had some issues with our key cards not working consistently, and the pool is in dire need of being remodeled. There were rust spots showing in the pool wall, and it looked like it hadn't been cleaned in ages because it had a ring around the edges. If I didn't have a kid who had been looking forward to it, I would have steered clear. I'd stay again, but I feel like there could be some improvements made. 
Rating: 4
Text: Everything was clean. The staff were friendly and professional. The room was good, and exactly as advertised. The breakfast had a good variety, and tasted decent. I took off one star because the pool was a little underwhelming, and the television in my room was a little old. All in all, definitely a good place to stay.
