Hampton Inn & Suites Kansas City – Merriam
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, modern rooms. Nice hot breakfast buffet,  large comfortable seating area just off the lobby. Pool and hot tub area is clean and comfortable. Staff was very friendly and helpful, evening desk clerk attitude and helpfulness exceeded our expectations. Would reccommend to anybody.
Rating: 2
Text: Our family recently stayed at Hampton Inn and Suites in Merriam, KS for four nights.

Pros: The hotel has a heated indoor pool and hot tub. The temperature was warm enough for comfortable swimming, and the pool area was clean.

Cons: Our suite was not furnished well, and what was furnished was broken and cheaply made.
- The kitchenette had one small sauce pan, one small skillet, 2 plates, 1 mug, no bowls, and less than a handful of silverware (something like 2 forks, a spoon, and 2 butter knives).
-there was no bedding for the fold out sofa bed. I had to go down to the front desk, wait around until someone showed up, and request bedding.
- the sofa itself was cheap, and when we pulled out the bed, the frame was being held together with a rope. The mattress was thin and had springs poking through.
-various pieces of furniture had chunks broken off.
-the bathroom had mold

The kids had fun in the pool and the hotel was located near where we needed to be, but we don't plan to go back after our experience.
Rating: 2
Text: Bed was good
 Room was small, but seemed clean. Phone did not work. Bathroom was ridiculous! No tub, toilet was so low I felt like I might have been using a chamber pot, had to stand on tiptoe to brush my teeth because the vanity was so high. Breakfast was adequate, fitness center was nice, staff was friendly and helpful.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean comfortable rooms. No digital key yet though.rates are reasonable. Easy on/off highway access and reasonably close to plenty of shopping, restaurants, etc.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel, clean. Staff is friendly, especially the woman who greeted us at breakfast and took care of all that this entails for hotel guests. Two things we didn't like that I wish they would change. Bathrooms are VERY slippery. Wish there was at least a Matt. Had to hold on to the bar at all times for fear of slipping and falling. The other issue was the height of the toilet. It might be fine if you are under 10, but these are too low. My 82 year old father really struggled. Certainly not good for seniors, not great for most other adults either. I've stayed here twice, will again, but hope they will address these issues.
