Hampton Inn Evansville/Airport
Rating: 5
Text: Affordable overnight stay for my husband and myself on our way to the 2017 eclipse.  I was able to pre check-in and select my room a few days before we arrived because I am a choice member and have the choice hotel app (highly recommend taking a few minutes and signing up for this free service).  Front desk clerk was very friendly; room was clean and comfortable and was quiet despite being directly next to the airport (we had fun watching the airport action from our window).  Shower was hot and relaxing after long day on the road, bed was comfy.  We left before breakfast so can't comment on that.  Would stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: The Hampton Inn Evansville Airport is a great hotel for the price point. The location right on US-41 makes it super easy to get into Evansville. The hotel appears to have been renovated recently and the common areas and rooms are very nice. The free drinks at the welcome reception were a great perk and while it's the standard Hampton breakfast, it was another good perk. The only negatives I experienced were a broken sliding shower door, no HD TV, and some airplane noise as the airport is right outside but none of these things really detracted from my stay. I stayed here 2 nights for business and would absolutely stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff here is absolutely amazing!
They are some of the most genuine, bubbly, and happy people!

On my key card holder I got a hand written fact of day and on the coffee lids there are motivational quotes to get your day going.
Legimately, this is probably one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had!!!

Beth you are awesome!
Rating: 5
Text: Had a good breakfast in the morning and the kids had a fun time swimming. Very clean and nice staff
Rating: 4
Text: Clean, comfortable rooms and a courteous staff made our stay enjoyable. The breakfast buffet had a good selection and they kept it well stocked. The only reason I give it a 4star  rating is that the price was higher than normal due to the "Frog Follies" event  going on in Evansville.
