Hampton Inn St. Joseph
Rating: 4
Text: The room was clean and fairly quiet. The staff was very nice! It does seem like the hotel needs to be updated, but it's not that bad. Overall it was a great staff. I will be back next time I'm in town.
Rating: 2
Text: Not sure what to say.  The first room was overly sprayed with some "air freshener" that made my eyes water.  2nd room is better.  The Marriott  Fairfield inn looks better.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean, modern, wonderful staff. The location is off a busy street next to I-29, so there's traffic noise during certain times. It comes with the territory. Odd, higher numbered rooms are quieter.

One problem, for which I deducted a star, is their internet. Bandwidth is worse than awful at night, so forget about doing any streaming or emailing attachments. I even signed up for their "premium" internet for $4.95, but there was no improvement. I stay 5-8 days/mo in St. Joseph on business. I need 21st-century internet.

To their credit, the day staff was very responsive when I told them about my internet problem. I was refunded the fee. I'm certain the root cause is equipment limitation, and that will be a higher-up decision to fix it. No matter where you stay, report internet issues you encounter. That's the only way improvements will be made.
Rating: 5
Text: I love Hampton Inn! The bedding is so comfortable, breakfast is delicious and it's so clean.
Rating: 1
Text: Me and my boyfriend stayed here and the room was nice and big. The pool was ok but the water burned my boyfriend's eyes really bad for a couple hours after we had finished swimming. One of the house keepers was running around in a tank top that was too small for her and it looked very unprofessional!! Not to mention while waiting to get on the elevator I over heard the same house keeper using VERY FOWL language when talking about her boss she was calling her all sorts of names that she should not be saying in front of hotel guests. I also got a photo of the same house keeper just sitting out front playing on her phone! Do you not have designated break areas? I don't mean to sound harsh or rude I just think house keepers like this make your hotel look very trashy. I will be messing you this same comment and include the pictures of the said house keeper because I found picture of her also on the Facebook page for the Hampton inn.
