Hampton Inn Chicago/Westchester
Rating: 3
Text: Good room rates. Property is older and fairly well maintained. Rooms are comfortable and very nice. Lobby is quite dark and very dated. Parking is spread out over a large area and I would be a little concerned about vehicle security
Rating: 5
Text: This is an older building but it has been very well cared for. Beautiful decor and very clean. Great service, friendly staff and good food. I would stay there again and I would recommend this place to any friends and family that needed to stay a night or two. The only thing this hotel did not have was a swimming pool.
Rating: 4
Text: It was a nice stay. Breakfast was good with lots of choices. Room was clean but had a few things that needed fixing (shower nobs, mirror had a permanent fuzzy spot) also no fridge and we waited 30 min for them to bring up the pack and play. Otherwise overall a good stay
Rating: 3
Text: After checking in, I discovered my room didn't have a fridge. While I have seen this before in my travels, it isn't common and has always been fixed in less than an hour. This time, I was added to a wait list for the following day, so still no guarantee of a fridge. The clerk said I had to request ahead of time, but there is no way I would have known that because it isn't on their website. 
I was going to be their for 5 nights, you would think it would be automatic for that length of stay.
They only get 3 stars (instead of 2) because the clerk was very nice to let me check out without penalty so I could switch to another hotel in the area. 
My impression of the hotel in the short time I was there, is an average Hampton. It is a good chain.
Rating: 5
Text: Our service here has been amazing! All of the staff goes above and beyond to help with any situation. On top of that, my room was clean and sanitary. There is a complimentary breakfast and also a hotel snack shack which is open 24/7. There isn't a pool but they have a fitness center which is nice. I've really enjoyed my stay here in Chicago and will definitely come back in the future!
