Hampton Inn Rockford
Rating: 3
Text: This rating is low due to the condition of the property during our 3 night stay. This Hampton Inn is in desperate need of remodeling as it's very much showing its age. The walls and ceiling in our rooms were bubbling and discolored in many places, likely due to water damage. The carpets in our rooms were worn and we had to kill several small roaches. Additionally both the indoor pool and hot tub were both unusable due to the heater being down. Frankly, this Hilton property (physical state of building) just isn't at the quality that I would expect. That said, the entire staff at this location was great. They were very friendly and tried to help regarding the pool issues. They worked with another property with a working pool so that our daughters could swim... just required a short drive. I would stay here again assuming Hilton refreshes the property.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice hotel - clean, quiet, nicely furnished rooms and public areas. Great pool and hot tub with an outdoor patio. Comfortable beds, nice sized room.  Very nice breakfast (Hamptons do a great job with breakfast!) Staff was attentive and friendly. Location is near lots of shopping and many restaurants. Price reasonable. Would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: Bathtubs do not empty water despite correcting once already. Beds made without sheets on or they forget. Towels are old and used but nicely washed. Neat property but rather stay somewhere else. Besides, the first room you get is a crappy room...observed it in other places too. Only if I ask again, I get a better room. Will make it through though.
Rating: 4
Text: Staff was excellent. Rooms were clean. Great service for deaf people the manager offered all the equipment a deaf person could need for the room. Pool water was perfect temp. My only complaint would be that the cleaning person cleaned our room at 3 pm which I think was a tad bit odd we were just coming back from town and had to wait with two babies in the lobby until she was done cleaning our room.  Other than that everything was top notch. I would recommend to a friend.
Rating: 5
Text: Check in was very easy. I was put on the 3rd floor near my travel companion. The room and bed were clean and comfortable. Breakfast was good and was offered a bottle of water for the road.
