Hampton Inn Cincinnati-Kings Island
Rating: 1
Text: So, here's a story for you. Me and my family just stayed at this hotel, and guess what happens? They give us ONE KING SIZE BED which we weren't supposed to get. We were supposed to get 2 queen sizes. So, we go down to the front desk for a new room, and they say we ordered one room with a king size bed, but the confirmation number shows that we ordered a room with 2 queen beds. And to make things worse, they lied to us about our room. Because they said that that had no rooms with 2 queen size beds, and they only had one with a "broken" TV set. So we just took that one since we didn't care about the TV. And then what do you know? Nothing was wrong with the TV it anything what in the room. So the lady that was giving us our room lied to us to make sense of what she was saying. What did I say to her on the way out of the hotel? I said "at least tell the truth about what you are saying." She could've at least said that she had no rooms other than maintenance rooms. Morale of the story? Don't go to this hotel unless you want to have a bad day.
Rating: 4
Text: The beds were very comfortable. The breakfast in the morning had a large variety of choices. The staff were awesome!!! And this hotel is PERFECT for going to King's Island and/or The Beach water park.
Highly recommend staying here.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed at the Hampton for the Little Miami Triathlon the next day. The room was very nice and clean. Beds comfortable. Breakfast was just right. With pre-race nerves it was nice to actually get a good night's rest. We woke up refreshed and rocked out in the race. Thank you Hampton staff for everything.
Rating: 4
Text: We were in Cincinnati to visit Kings Island theme park for the weekend. The hotel was located very close to the park, and was very convenient for us. The room we stayed in was very clean, fairly well updated, and didn't really need any type of small maintenance performed. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was very nicely sized for us. We ate breakfast in the morning there, which was pretty good for a free breakfast. The only caveat here was the amount of people there at breakfast time made it hard to maneuver around, and we did not get a seat. Had to take the food to our rooms. Overall, it was a pleasant experience, and I would stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Decent hotel in close proximity to Kings Island.  Nice to spend time at KI and be able to get out of the midday heat with just a short drive!  Hotel was clean and seems to have been recently updated. Only thing that seemed odd to me is the fact that they didn't Air condition the hall way to the rooms. 
