Hampton Inn Cincinnati/Airport South
Rating: 3
Text: Would have been 4 stars if not for construction. Parking was limited and parking lot looked like a bomb hit it in one area. Staff was nice and recognized my Diamond status. Offered snacks and drink upon arrival. 
Please limit the carpet fresh scent in the rooms. One of my colleagues was allergic to his room. Water pressure was low on the second floor as well.
Rating: 2
Text: They've recently renovated and the room design is terrible. The corridor through the room is narrow and you can barely get the luggage trolley in. They've removed the microwaves, so the website is not accurate. The bathrooms now have lousy sliding doors that get off track and can easily disturb your roommates. There is no fan in the bathroom. The closet is gone, and now there's just an awkward alcove in the back of the room for hanging storage, which is just two little bars. Would not recommend unless you're just trying to save a few bucks and you're on business alone. Not suitable for family stays.
Rating: 5
Text: After having a very frustrating experience at another hotel down the road, we called Hampton Inn and explained that we needed an early check-in as our son was in a wedding and needed to get ready for the big day.  The gal at the front desk went above and beyond for us!  We arrived at the hotel less than 10 minutes after the reservation was made and she had our keys and everything ready to go for us!  She was very friendly, as was the rest of the staff.  Even after our departure, I had to call the hotel and she remembered us and was very helpful.  The newly renovated rooms are gorgeous and the free breakfast was very good with lots of variety.  I highly recommend this hotel!
Rating: 4
Text: Construction outside the front door, but can't really hear it inside. Room was pretty comfortable and clean. Ladies working the front desk were super courteous, though the best thing about the stay would have to be the shuttle driver. I needed to go to an atm and he volunteered to take me down the road to the closest one which was a few miles away.
Rating: 5
Text: Great stay next to Cracker Barrel. The staff was very helpful and the 
Breakfast was very good. Clean comfortable rooms.
