Hampton Inn and Suites Peoria at Grand Prarie, IL
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel and even better staff. Beds are super comfy and rooms are always clean. Indoor pool and hot tub are great for relaxing. Included breakfast in the morning is also stellar. They have an egg(some varying kind of omelet), a couple types of meat, hot or cold cereal, fruit, assorted yogurt and a waffle maker with all all kinds of toppings. Do yourself a favor and get a waffle. They are simply outstanding! Shuttle service anywhere in the Peoria area will pick you up and drop you off with a smile! I can't recommend enough.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice for the price. Stayed here on business and worked out really well. Location was very good, easy access to interstate, lots of restaurants in the area. Staff was pleasant and helpful. Breakfast is typical of this type of hotel decent, but not sensational. "Social hour" in the evening is nice. Overall would return should an occasion allow.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was great. The room I stayed in was very clean. The staff was attentive and helpful. There is plenty of parking outside. The hotel is near to many restaurants and stores which is very convenient. Free breakfast is provided with your stay.
Rating: 5
Text: A quick story of excellent service: I was staying here for a business trip. Decided to walk 1/2 mile to Starbucks to get some work done not realizing that it was about to start pouring rain. The rain did not let up, so I called the front desk to see if the shuttle was available to pick me up. It was not nearby and had 3 additional stops before it could get me. The shift manager, Danielle, was so kind to go out of her way to quickly arrange for someone else to come pick me up to bring me back to the hotel. I was just blown away by her friendliness and extra effort to get me back to the hotel without having to walk. A perfect demonstration of the "midwest" attitude of kindness towards all. Keep up the good work, Danielle. People notice your effort.
Rating: 3
Text: A good Hampton Inn from the outside. The room was a little rough. The air conditioner had a hard time adjusting from cold to hot. The sink stopper didn't work. The closet door was broke and wouldn't close. Not an issue of it was a slider, but it was a hinge & dangerous in the middle of the night. Breakfast was great, as expected from this hotel brand. The need was comfortable and warm.
