Harbor Shores on Lake Geneva
Rating: 5
Text: Harbor Shores is great. Last year my guests and I stayed at Harbor Shores for my wedding. It's clean, comfortable, and conveniently located. It's affordable, at least in the autumn shoulder season. More recently I went to the restaurant, Gino's. It's not as good as the Chicago ironical, but the good is solid and it's good for groups. Gino's did a great job catering my wedding. I'd highly recommend them as a caterer.
Rating: 4
Text: Wonderful location and rooms. Staff was generally friendly. Breakfast was good, not great but for free who can complain. Close walking distance to shopping and restaurants. Beds are very comfortable and room was inviting. Bathrooms need updating but clean and has hairdryer. Pool, jacuzzi, and sauna were great.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice place with a direct view of the lake. Great value for money. The cleanliness can be improved. The complimentary breakfast has only limited options. Also, the indoor pool gets closed on certain weekdays.
Rating: 3
Text: Bedding and drapes are well worn, and pillow shams had unsightly stains. Bathroom is miniscule, and tub bottom is stained. The beds are a bit bizarre, seeming to be air mattresses? However, it is nice to have a kitchenette. The location is great. The pool is nice. And the staff have been very friendly and helpful.
Rating: 5
Text: Very well kept hotel in a fantastic location. They have clearly made a lot of improvements to this hotel with modern furniture, art, and bedding. We had a room on the back side, so our view was of the parking lot, but the other side truly has gorgeous views. The pools are unexceptionable, but clean. The continental breakfast was pretty decent, with waffles and eggs on top of the usual fare. The Keurig machine in the room was absolutely necessary because the coffee in the breakfast room was undrinkable. That is my only complaint about the hotel. Otherwise, we loved our stay and plan to book a longer stay next summer. All of the attractions in downtown Lake Geneva are within easy walking distance.
