Harbor Links At Sagamore Resort
Rating: 1
Text: Beautiful course - Rude management - Poor customer service.   Guy in club house is very rude.  They nickel and dime you.  20 man outing spent over $6,000.  Argued over our request for 2 extra carts during our scramble portion.  Finally gave us carts and when we were teeing off, he came down and asked for $40 for extra carts.  Sole reason for not returning is rude service.  Should note all other employees were great and were not surprised when we mentioned rude guy.  
Rating: 5
Text: The course was beautiful and in great shape...staff was friendly...third year in a row I have driven an hour plus to play...plan to come back next year...thanks
Rating: 4
Text: Nice golf course in very good shape, challenging with plenty of character and a good price for what you get. Second year playing here for golf trip and again had a great time. Staff was great and accommodating. Course is challenging for avg golfers with plenty of hazards, you'll lose balls or have above avg penalty strokes if you have an off round lol.

Greens fast and undulating with pins in spots that lead to some 3 putts (or more) especially if above the hole.

Only reason for 4 vs. 5 stars is tall grass around some fairway bunkers and some of the pin placements...grasses so tall if you hit into them it's a lost ball or penalty stroke for unplayable lie...A bit punitive imo for shots actually hit fairly well as some of them are only slightly off the fairways. Hitting into a fairway bunker is bad enough, incurring unplayable lies or lost balls seems slightly excessive. Particularly holes 2 and 11 where a straight drive hit a bit long can lead to penalty strokes. Small complaints though overall.

Otherwise, this course is a hidden gem imo. Wish it was closer we'd play it more. Beautiful views on many holes.
Rating: 4
Text: Off the beaten path, but worth it.  The greens were in great shape too!
Rating: 2
Text: nice layout but pin plscements were ridiculous for weekend play 540hr.round no starter.rooms were not meant for 2men .nobody wants to sleep on a pullout bed for a weekend.our group will not be back
