Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Sioux City
Rating: 5
Text: This was our first time eating at the World Tour buffet. It was the best buffet I've been to. The food was so good. The server was so nice. The selection was enormous! We will definitely be going back.
Rating: 4
Text: Hard Rock- Sioux City is the perfect place to experience the "Treat You like a Rock Star" atmosphere!! The perfect size casino in which the hosts and staff actually get to know you and your name, not your players card or its tier status!!
Beautiful rooms and suites, and dining options for all budgets and tastes!!
The "Fuel" serves up the best Tatchos (tater tot nachos) around, be sure to get an order while there. 
Keep it up Hard Rock, this IS why you Rock!!
Rating: 5
Text: My Wife and I recently stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel for the first time.  We have visited the casino before, but this was the first time we actually stayed in the hotel.  The room was awesome!  It was the most spacious room we've ever had in a hotel.  The room was spotless and had all the amenities we needed, and we loved the ambiance that the exposed wood and brick from the original building provided.  We will definitely stay there again.  Thanks for a memorable visit!
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I drove up from Omaha for my birthday. This was the last Hard Rock in the US on the list for me. I've been to them all now. Remember to get a casino players card. After one hour of play we both got free buffet vouchers, free t-shirt vouchers, and some other free swag. The bar tenders we're super friendly and fast with the drinks. I even got a complimentary birthday drink. The buffet was smaller than other Hard Rock buffets but it was tasty as hell. This was definitely one of the better Hard Rock experiences I've had. 
Rating: 3
Text: Casino awesome. Buffet not good. Supervisor of buffet friendly and understand your opinion. People at buffet not friendky. When you ask for fresh food they tell you they need to use old up first. Great customer service NOT.
