Harrah's North Kansas City
Rating: 2
Text: Do not stay here. The front desk staff was rude to me because I forgot my ID in my room. Our room keys kept getting deactivated. Our room didn’t even get cleaned. We had our do not disturb sign up until about 10 am. Every other hotel I have stayed in (which is quite a few) they would just return later if you sign was up when they first passed by. When I asked the front desk staff, they just told me that if you get passed the first look they just assume it’s for the whole day. Also I could barely get into the tub to take a shower, it’s too deep and crowed next to the toilet. Not a very great night to our first night as a married couple ?
Rating: 4
Text: Great buffet, recently remodeled.  Good food selection.  My favorites are the over sized salad bar, the mushroom & butter squash soups, the assorted fresh cooked veggies, the fresh coffee, and the main course meat dishes.  The staff at Harrah's is always friendly and helpful.  Monday lunch there is a 55+ special of bogo buffet which is very popular.
Rating: 5
Text: The gaming floor was fairly enjoyable and offered some of the newest games in the market. The saturday brunch was the best I've ever seen their buffet and features a beautiful piece of roast beef the size of a car engine. The staff itself though would make you come back. Special shout out to Winona, slot attendant, and Alma Jean a casino housekeeper. Simply great people and you need more of them!!
Rating: 4
Text: Motel was nice.  No complaints.   Went to the casino.    Didn't see any new machines.    Felt like their slot machines were second hand ones from other casinos.    Was NOT impressed with casino.    Are at the sports bar.   Great food and drinks.
Rating: 5
Text: I work here, so let me just tell you how it is from my perspective. The people here are putting in a genuine effort to make you happy. I know, at times, we are going to mess up on that. There are times when we simply cannot move the moon for you; but everyone working here will certainly try. For anyone expecting to have a simple snack while here, you may want to reconsider any of the restaurants, because they're more intended for sitting down and getting full meals. There is a lot to do here for adults, but not very much for anyone under 21 to fully enjoy. That being said, the entirety of this resort and us who keep it going can make for an incredible getaway. In the event you ever are unsatisfied, we will do what we can to turn it around. If you have any questions, we will always be happy to help however we can. I know I'm biased here, but I would hope everyone would give our place a chance.
