Harrah's Joliet
Rating: 3
Text: Location was awesome. Staff was friendly. Room was clean. The rooms didn't block out much sound though. About 2 am the neighbors decided to be loud and slam doors sounded like they were in our room. All in all not too bad though...they could have threw in free breakfast for as much as we paid for the room. It was nice being walking distance to the Rialto.
Rating: 1
Text: Save some time and just send them money, because you won't be walking out with any of theirs.
I'm surprised that since this place is so tight they don't charge for parking, cover charge and admission entrance fee.
Watch how fast the games spin, to make sure your hitting that button as fast as possible.
You might as well give this place direct deposit to your bank.
Rating: 3
Text: This place is great!?. Great table staff. With exception of a few. Bathroom is clean thanks to those staff. And the beverage staff also!? Too bad !? that I see them walk around and get people their drinks. It's a water or not they deserve kindness and a few tips on gratitude. $$ ??. The valet are great. Especially, when you ran out of cash to the casino. Several occasions, I didn't know we can use our Membership card for a free valet parking. We only have a few buck to offer and retrieve our car ? back. With a smile. We come back daily!? Win or lose. As long as you have discipline and a budget.
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms were nice, smelled clean, had a large tub and shower. Staff was friendly everywhere you went in the building. Valet was quick to retrieve our car when we left. Casino was fun. It was a good way to kill 45 minutes before our other plans.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff were very friendly and knowledgeable about surrounding interests as well as their hotel. The room was extremely spacious and the same goes for the bathroom. The tub could easily fit two. We only tried the cross street cafe but the food was pretty good. Onsite party was very convenient and the location is great if you are planning to attend an event at The Forge, a concert venue about a block and a half down the road
