Harrah's Council Bluffs Hotel & Casino
Rating: 5
Text: Loved our stay here. The pool area is very nice, although more chaise lounge are needed. I understand that this area is soon to be renovated. The staff were all friendly and helpful. The casino area was nice, but I wish there was 3 card poker. Would like to see a better ventilation system for the smoking.
Rating: 4
Text: The 360 Steakhouse at this establishment offers a great view of the Omaha skyline and offers an upbeat selection of American fare. This casino also offers cozy rooms and they are willing to negotiate on the price if you have been up late and just need a place to rest for a little more than a few hours. The venue known as the Stir Cove is really nice for outdoor concerts that bring artists that don't draw enough of a crowd for an event center but are too large to host at a bar venue. The drinks are  a bit overpriced at Stir for only being 16oz tall cans of domestic beer. I was also at a concert there last July where the heat index was in the upper 90's and people were being charged for water.
Rating: 3
Text: This casino is not bad. The dealers and security are nice people that are always enjoyable to talk to. They have a decent amount of tablet games, but only have 1 craps table, which is a reason i don't rate them a 4. I never have a problem getting on a 10$ table, but it is always a long wait for the craps table.
Rating: 5
Text: Harrah's was very clean for a casino. The service was great and friendly from all employees. The buffet was hot, clean and very delicious. The hotel room was very nice and clean. Only wish they would of put enough coffee in the room for two people, but just ran down to the casino and got another one there for my wife and I. Overall it was a great experience at Harrah's!
Rating: 4
Text: I met up with some friends for one of their birthdays. She had a hotel room for the night. The rooms are nice and the pillows were cozy. Some of us are at the buffet. Love the 1/2 dining coupon that I get for playing. With my rewards I ate for free. The security officers checking IDs were friendly. I wish the casino was a little bigger but it was a good time.
