Hastings Campground & RV Park
Rating: 4
Text: Basic park.  Might have been a KOA at one time, but is no longer.

Good prices for basic, pull thru sites.
Rating: 2
Text: This place has so much potential. I remember when it was a KOA and was beautiful. I hope the current owners have the time and money to invest to bring it back from disrepair. As far as our stay there the full hookups are nice, but we called 15 times a day or more for three days to make our reservation and never reached anyone in the office. We finally had friends that live in Hastings stop by the office and still no luck and the office was closed. We called the emergency number and reached someone and we're able to make the reservation. We were then put in a spot with the wrong power plug and had to pack up and move the camper to another spot. The concrete patio pads are broken and need repair the parking pads are overgrown with weeds and need gravel and there is a once nice shower house that is closed due to disrepair. They used to have a nice pool when first opened, but it has been filled in and made a slab with a basketball hoop. The only employee that we every saw was the maintenance man who was very nice, but not once during our 5 day stay did we see anyone in the store or office. Potential to be a great destination and hookups are nice but unless someone can invest a lot of time and money it will be a place that people use simply due to lack of other options in the area. Hope it improves in the future and gains either a Good Sam or KOA endorcement like the original did. Also, I see reviews that show that they were posted within the last year that say this place has a pool. It should but it does not and from what I understand it has not for several years. 
Rating: 5
Text: Decent prices. Nice wide spaces that have a paved walkway from end to end and a center paved patio with picnic table. Each spot has plenty of grass for pets. They have showers, laundry and a nice little clubhouse. There is pool table, arcade machines, and big screen tv.
Rating: 1
Text: Call make a reservation person was extremely rude and when we asked for a spot with water and electric only we were told that they keep those open for elderly people Also I don't believe the places had a pool for five years
Rating: 1
Text: Showers are disgusting. Laundrymat is useless. WiFi is garbage. Manger will take your deposit and has anger issues. 
