Hawk's Nest Lodge
Rating: 4
Text: Jackie and her husband made this the BEST STAY EVER !! They are the best people Ever. I have stayed here for the last 3 years, and this was the best time ever, I have been laughing so much and feel so welcomed and having the time My life. I am really going to miss Jackie. The only problem was,Jackie had NO HELP keeping the rooms clean. That poor girl ran her butt off cleaning rooms, checking people in. To me that is very wrong. She had to beg for clean linens, towels. That was Not good at all. SHE Really needs a BIG BONUS for all the work she had to take care of!!!!! Oh, and the PRICE of this PLACE DOUBLED since last year and the owner is too cheap to do any thing about fixing it up. But Jackie and her family won't probably be here next year and she shall be missed tremendously. I will probably stay here again next year, I just hope that whom ever is here is friendly and fun. Thank you Jackie for service and making me feel good and laughing until I cried. Best stay EVER. Good luck to you and your family. You are so unique and you shall be missed so very much good luck in your travels and in your life I will never forget you
Rating: 5
Text: All the rooms have a beautiful view of the lake. The pictures on the website show the older style tube tv's in the rooms. For the price I didn't mind. When we arrived we discovered they actually did have flat screens, a fridge, and a microwave. The hotel is in need of some minor updating like a new paint job, but overall we were impressed on what we got for the price.
Rating: 3
Text: Decent room for the price, close to everything. Don't pay for the lake view room as it is just a slight view through the trees and is not a private balcony, it doesn't overlook the lake. Their sister hotel is so much nicer for close to the same price though you do get the use of both properties which was nice. All in all if you need a cheap room for the weekend it's not bad.
Rating: 1
Text: Very sketchy place. The rooms where disgusting and not worth the cost. Highly recommend staying at the Grand Glaze Inn instead.
Rating: 4
Text: The room we were in was really cute and had a gorgeous view. The staff seem friendly as well. The lodge itself is a little unkempt but other than that we had a great stay. Oh and great food and shopping super close by!
