Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham Miamisburg/Dayton Mall South
Rating: 2
Text: The property is an old Residence Inn that is now a Hawthorne.  The good is the room is very spacious and the breakfast was very nice as well as the service in the breakfast area.  The property is very worn and not much investment has been placed in the property.  Expect to see major physical plant issues. Rotted out doors frames, peeling wallpaper, curtains/drapes that are just awful and appliances that are 30 plus years old and broken.   Also as mentioned in previous reviews, pests are present in the rooms.  If you have more than two people please note the pull out sofa is a twin bed and bring pillows as they did not have enough.
Rating: 1
Text: I am a Wyndham rewards customer and stay at the property a lot. I have never experienced treatment like I experienced from there GM Katherine Smith who is absolutely unprofessional in the way she handles issues. I thought we were in a physical altercation the way she was slamming her hands on the desk and insisting I was wrong. Regardless of if Im wrong or not she needs to not talk to customers as if we are on the street. The bathroom in one my rooms still had Pubic hairs and dirt from the previous renters bath. A broken shower chair for the handicap and a broken sink. This is how they reward me when I use my Wyndham points because my rate is discounted. They give the handicap trash room and forget you've spent several thousands with the company this year. Not recommending this property.
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed in a two bedroom with 6 other guest for two days. I asked for 7 face towels to accommodate  everyone in the room. I was giving 7 towels but also left with a note on the note pad that if the towels was not returned, i will be charged.. Why did they feel the need to state that? I also request to have my sheet changed because i mistakingly spilled coffee on the sheets.. When i return to my room later that day, that bed was perfectly made with the same sheets i asked to be changed.

Rating: 5
Text: Room very clean and ready for us. Excellent breakfast and nice friendly lady preparing/refilling breakfast items. Microwave missing when we arrived. They brought us a microwave right away when we told them it was missing.
Rating: 3
Text: Pool was not usable for our family because the chemicals were apparently done incorrectly. The wifi wasn't working when we arrived for us to try and find a different hotel. We were traveling with our family dog so finding a decent place to stay is sometimes difficult. The room had everything we needed, kitchenette, small sofa, two beds, seperate sink and vanity area from the toilet and shower. Only two towels for a family of 4. The phone didn't work to call the front desk. The linens were clean and the beds were decent. The outside is set up more like a resort with small buildings and each one has I think four rooms in it. The buildings are run down looking. There's a $25 pet fee per day (that's to be expected) the room didn't smell like animals. It was clean just older looking. For $90 it was fine for one night. If we didn't have our dog we would have definitely looked for something else. (Update) ... In the morning we spoke with the manager and they waved the $25 pet fee for our troubles.
