Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham Wichita East
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were very clean and comfortable. Hot tub wasnt open and tennis court was falling apart. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Rooms were apartment like. A very different feel than average hotels, i liked it. Full kitchen with dishes and pots and pans came in very handy. It did seem like the other resident enjoyed themselves very much as i heard them having sex multiple time during the night. The water wasnt dirty, it made me feel clean, unlike my upstairs neighbors who sounded very very dirty. The bed was a bit stiff, a bit like my upstairs neighbors. It sounded like they were constantly trying to find a better position. Price was fair
Rating: 5
Text: The staff is amazingly friendly. The rooms are big and spotless. And there is a great amount of privacy and you can't really hear other people. I love it here.
Rating: 3
Text: Our air conditioner at home went out and we chose this hotel for the value and location. Although there is construction going on the hotel is still fairly easy to access. The front door guy was very nice and respectful. The rooms were way bigger than expected. It reminded me of an apartment. It was set up like a 2 bedroom 2 bath loft with I bed and bath upstairs and downstairs. There's a huge kitchen and living room with a fire place. There rooms were fairly clean but age was definitely showing. The room smelled of stale smoke even though it was a non-smoking room. The carpet was fairly old and you could see fingerprints all over the interior doors. Customer service was stellar but the rooms could use some improvement.
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful clean spacious rooms. Great staff, and love the suites apartment feel. Definitely a hotel I would recommend
Rating: 2
Text: 20-30 people had a party upstairs from us. We had a 7month old and a 2 year old. We were very tired and didn't need this all night. And the lady at the desk  did NOT care one single bit. Didn't offer a refund, a future free night, a discount, not even an APOLOGY!!!! Everything was pretty cool, just remember they let anyone and everyone stay here and party and Lord knows what else!! Definitely doesn't describe the way Hawthorne Suites usually treat their guests, which is usually very good. Lol not at this franchise I guess???
