Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham Columbus North
Rating: 2
Text: I thought I would give this hotel another shot thinking maybe the first visit was just due to short staffing... Not the case... I checked in on a Sunday and was assisted by the front desk clerk who was really nice although I can't remember her name... She gave me a key to a room and I was set. Once in the room I realize the toilet didn't flush and the sink was spitting black stuff. No problem they were quick to move me. The next room was like an upgrade fireplace included but this room had no channels available on the TV. For the amount of money I spent I thought TV was the least I could get. Front desk suggested I reset the TV and trouble shoot with the cable provider... So not my job. I requested to be moved and was questioned again as to why. But was then given another room just above that one the third and final move fingers crossed and all.. Not much better with the toilet overflowing with every flush. I can say the staff is amazing and I love the area but the hotel its self needs some work.
Rating: 1
Text: Fraudulent charges on my bank account today, the receptionist just hung up on me. BEWARE. Do NOT give them your information.

*update* 
Spoke with a manager the morning after this occured. After the employee hung up on me and refused to assist me, my card was charged AGAIN. This could have easily been avoided on that employee's end the night before, I am told. But she did not want to deal with it. 

The charges have been refunded, apologies made. However it will take a few days to get my money back, and this situation has put me into a serious financial bind in the meantime. 

Overall, my experience with these people has been ATROCIOUS. The manager who handled it for me in the end seemed to be the only person who even cared what had been done to me. 

Disgusted.
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms could use a refresh/remodel. The outside was a little rough as well. I do commend them on the amount of lighting thoughout the complex, it was very well illuminated. It is in an area that has seen better days so it was comforting to come back to a very well lit parking lot and building. Although, the bed was in the top 5 worst beds I've ever slept on. All in all it wasn't the worst hotel I've ever stayed at but also very far from the best hotel I've ever stayed at.
Rating: 1
Text: If you are looking for a hooker or drugs then this is the place for you. This is the most seedy rundown place I have ever been. Dont let the pictures or some of the good reviews fool you, this place is down right frightening! My room had a massive bug infestation and it was completely run down and filthy. I went to the desk and they gave me another room which ended up being worse than the first! It wreaked of smoke and was so incredibly filthy, there was NO way I was staying. I immediately checked out and found a Marriott!! I only gave it a star because you have to in order to leave a review but truly it should just be torn down!!
Rating: 1
Text: As we were looking for the hotel, we passed a few others that were extremely poor looking. One of the hotels near it was boarded up. Already, we did not have a good vibe about the area. Once we checked in, the room we had was not like the pictures online. The door for the king bedroom would not open easily if shut. We had to run into it forcefully to open it. The closet door was completely off track and just sitting up against the other closet door. It was clear they hadn't vacuumed well. There was a clump of hair in one bathroom and dead bugs in the other bathroom. One towel had a hard substance stuck to it (maybe candy?). Overall, it was completely misadvertised and really just nasty.
