Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham Dayton North
Rating: 5
Text: Staff was extremely friendly. Rooms were more than we expected for the price. Very clean. Would definitely recommend and stay again!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: At first, the room was a nice change of pace compared to standard hotel rooms. Almost like a mini apartment. My shower drain wouldn't work.... at all. The staff was rude, pushy, and creepy. Seemed very unhelpful anytime I needed anything. Housekeeping never came all week although I had requested them 2 times throughout the week. Then, after a family emergency and having to check out early on a prepaid room, they charge me $50 and refuse to return my call. Take your business elsewhere, they'll run a bunch of unauthorized charges on your card if given the chance.
Rating: 1
Text: This is posted in the office, but as an added FYI, If paying by debit card, an additional $100 will be held for a "few days".  This place is in need of a complete makeover.  The drapes, fixtures and flooring are outdated.  Photos show carpeting, but our room had imitation wood flooring that creaked when you walked over it.  Floor was also dirty.  Bathroom had a loose vinyl baseboard section, which fell down flat on the floor.   We had fleas in our room and dead fleas on the bed.  The bathroom door was raggedy and had a painted over screen patch as well as wood missing by the door knob.  Just replace the damn door!  TV guide had HBO channels listed, but we were unable to access them.  The maintenance worker said the problem was the TV itself, not the cable or connections.  We had to ask for certain things.  Once the pool opens, the staff should unlock the gate.  However, for 2 days we had to go to the office and request that they unlock the gate.  Towels are scarce. There are 2 washcloths, 2 hand towels and 2 bath towels.  You have to use your bath towels at the pool and then switch them out at the front desk afterwards.  There were no coffee cups.  Had to get those from the office too.  The air conditioner worked but it was very loud.  There are tight controls on everything.  In the breakfast area, there was a sign stating one box of cereal per guest, as if it were caviar they were safeguarding instead of Frosted Flakes. I believe an employee said they were under new  management or ownership.  Who knows?   Won’t stay there again.
Rating: 1
Text: Pretty horrible!  Mattress sagging and lumpy, foam pillows so lumpy they are practically unusable.   Bed covers stained. Bathroom faucets rusty and broken. Black hairs (not ours) all over bathroom vanity.

Run down and not well maintained property...pathetic for Wyndham!
Free breakfast lackluster, tasteless and mediocre, at best.
Go farther down the road and stay somewhere else, it couldn't be worse!
Rating: 3
Text: I have been coming here every June for the last 4 years. This year I see that some repairs and improvements which were much needed. The staff was friendlier. The management staff was super fun and friendly. Please keep the improvements coming! We love it here!
