Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham Decatur
Rating: 5
Text: Comfy and clean room as well as pleasant staff. Located next to several good restaurants for overnight work stays. Frequent additional services and snacks available in the lobby.
Rating: 4
Text: The location was decent, very convenient to the center of town. The room was nice, albeit with an odd layout, and had a convenient kitchenette. We also appreciated the ease of opening up the windows and extra bedding provided. The breakfast was A+ with real, actual bacon and a variety of hot meal meal and Continental breakfast items. Pretty good, would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed one night while attending a wedding in the area. The room we had was really clean and looked great! Comfortable chairs, couch, and bed. I would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 2
Text: Not the best... handles broken off dressers and drawers, mirrors filthy and when I went down stairs for breakfast (an hour before it was over) and there were no utensils in the food so I asked the worker who stood right next to me, made eye contact but did NOT acknowledge my presence.  She went to the back, grabbed 1 spoon, rinsed it off, tossed it in the eggs and walked away.  I used it for the eggs but had to grab a plastic fork to get some potatoes and sausage.  She had also removed half of the items that should've been out for breakfast...sad sad case considering there was still an hour left before breakfast was to end.  Thank goodness I came down when I did.  The positive?  Cute lil room with fridge and microwave and sitting area.  This was my first time staying in a Wyndham and quite frankly, it is my last.  I would not recommend this property to anyone.
Rating: 1
Text: I had an engagement in Decatur a few days ago and I brought my wife and kids with me. So we get into our FIRST room and my wife checks out the bed for bed bugs like she always does.....She finds something that looks like a bed bug casing. Well, they gave us another room and then that room was FULL of ants. Needless to say, we left the hotel immediately. The front desk girl was very helpful and they gave us our money back. Probably won't stay at another Wyndham hotel again but at least they gave us our money back.
