Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham Chicago Hoffman Estates
Rating: 4
Text: Was pleasantly surprised by the facilities provided inside the room including a mini kitchen with utensils and dishes! The breakfast next morning could have been better, with more warm dishes. Overall pretty good no frills stay!
Rating: 5
Text: We really enjoyed our two night getaway at Hawthorn Suites. It's in a good location right off the expressway, with lots of stores and restaurants close by. The check-in process was very quick. It only took about 3 minutes. The hotel is extremely clean and well kept. It's very quiet also, which is nice. The rooms are beautiful; it's an extended stay hotel so there is a full kitchen with a stove/fridge/freezer/microwave/dishwasher/etc. It's fully stocked with dishes and cooking utensils and even things like dish soap and paper towels. The bed was very comfortable and the room and bathroom were both very spacious. Breakfast was delicious. They have plenty of choices. You can make your own waffles, there are prepared eggs and sausage, a selection of cereals, donuts, muffins, toast, oatmeal, lots of fresh juices, coffee, milk, chocolate milk, etc. We really enjoyed the breakfast, and the attendant kept it well stocked and made sure everything was fresh and hot for the guests. Hawthorn Suites is great for anyone...I would recommend it to families that are traveling or for couples that want to have a weekend getaway (like we did) but don't want to travel far. I'm very impressed and will definitely stay again in the future. 
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel room itself is pretty nice, service was nice too, but 5 mins into the first day that I checked in I found a roach in the cabinet! I told the front desk and they sent 2 people to see if it's still there and they didn't find it. They tried offering another room for free but I don't think I want to risk seeing another roach.....probably gonna go look for another hotel now....
Rating: 4
Text: Dog friendly! It was great being able to take a dog with us for the weekend. Loved the studio apartment feel, especially at a bargain price. Descent breakfast too.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean.  Easy to locate.  Quiet.  Great price.  Enjoyed early morning walk around nicely landscaped pond.
