Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham Holland/Toledo Area
Rating: 1
Text: we had a reservation on Aug. 28th. when we got there the place was a dump. so we didn't stay. they said they couldn't return the cash, money we paid up front, that they would send us a check. well, we gave them the benefit of the doubt and waited. I called today and the lady on the phone was rude and hung up on me. this place needs a spot on the show Hotel Nightmares! 

oh, i forgot to mention the little boy peeing off the balcony on someones car...the seasonal pool was full of green algae, and there was garbage all over the place. 

UPDATE: we STILL, HAVE YET to receive a refund for this wretched place :-/
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed here last year and although the floor plan is great the room was dated. We just stayed here again and what an improvement!  Everything is remodeled with fresh paint and nice fixtures. Staff was very accommodating and made sure our needs were met. We will be back!
Rating: 1
Text: I have a service dog. Before I could even book my room they told me I had to pay a $50 fee for him. Just by stating that they violated terms set by the ADA. I was told to talk to the manager later about this issue. *UPDATE* was told I would not have to pay a fee for a service animal but that a service dog ID would be required. Not only is their no national registry for service animals just businesses trying to make money off of people who do not understand the law, but the ADA clearly states a service animal does not need any form of ID besides normal state registry as required for any dog. I will not be staying at this hotel and will be filing a complaint with the department of Justice immediately.
Rating: 3
Text: Swimming pool, spacious almost apartment style rooms, free breakfast, pets allowed. The rooms were in fair shape but were in the process of being completely redone (carpeting,  furniture,  etc) when I was there so probably great now. Downside is a lot of traveling workers here... construction crew, etc. ... so place is a little on the noisy side starting early morning.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice place for a long time, but the room cleaning is out of schedule and 2/3 the dryers don't work from some weeks.
