Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham Airport Columbus East
Rating: 5
Text: Staff is very friendly and seem to really enjoy their jobs.  My son and I enjoyed the room and how it was set up.  The room felt clean and smelled good.   The breakfast was very nice, the waitress has a bubbly attitude and was very cheerful.  The surrounding area of the hotel isn't the best but I would stay there again.
Rating: 1
Text: Spent this weekend at this hotel and it was not the greatest. When I arrived, I couldn't find the hotel. I called them to see if they could help me. The receptionist took me that she just moved to Columbus and she would try to get someone to tell me and she put me on hold. When she returned she told me that it was behind the shell gas station. I told her I did not see it behind the gas station and she told me that I had time to drive around until I found it. Then the phone got quiet and then I heard the dial tone. After circling for 30-40 minutes, I finally found the hotel. When I got there to check in I told the receptionist that she hung up on me and told get I did not appreciate how I was treated when I called. Then as I was checking in, I told her the address on my license was not correct and that I was not from Columbus. After I tell her this, she proceeds to ask if I was from Columbus. When I tried to pay with cash I was told they don't take cash. I had to go put money in my card. When we found our room, we go up the steps and almost fall because the steps needed done over. When I went to my room, it smelled like old cigarettes. When I tried to go in my room I couldn't. I found out that I had to lift the handle up instead of down. The pull out couch was so disgusting that I did not let my boys touch or put anything on it, let alone sleep in it. The kitchen floor had two burn marks on it, the eye of the stove was dirty and the kitchen chairs were not cool at all. The room would've been nice if they renovate it. I go to get morning coffee and it was cold. The day I check out, I was told I owed another 31 dollars after they had already taken 287.50 out of my account. I was told that they only had 250 authorized and I did not understand that. My back told me that the hotel had put a hold on my account but the hotel claims that they did not put a good on my account. When I finally pay the 31 extra dollars after Going round and round for almost a hour, the front desk clerk tells me he's sorry and that he will give me a discount next time I come back. Well, guess I will not get my discount because I will never ever go back there again. I do not recommend anyone to go to this hotel. Never had this issue anywhere else but I cone here, pay more and get treated badly. Well never be back. Worst hotel I have ever been too. I would give them a zero but I have to give one star ?
Rating: 1
Text: This place should be closed down!!! There is no way or how this place can be allowed to remain open. It is a sham!!! And the kicker is that the staff expects you to do all the follow-up. 
Can you imagine getting ready to turn in for the night only to find stained and slept in sheets!! Not only was it disgusting but further checks reveals someone's left over clothing hiding in at the bottom of the bed which yet again confirms that that sheets were no changed! Called down for sheets and was told to come pick them up myself!! So if I wanted to sleep on clean sheets I had to go back out to get the sheets. These were handed over crumpled, as if they were on the back corner of a closet. In fact I had grave concerns but ended up using them anyway. Of course, the sheets did not have a sheet to be used for cover.
This whole place is disgusting and upon reflection after 24 hours is my worst experience - ever - in a hotel. There has to be some level of expectations when operating in the hospitality industry. What I find here leaves me with very serious questions. I am going to find out how the powers that be can be notified of what happens here. At the least, Wyndham will need to know what kind of business is being associated with their name.
Truly disgusted guest!!!
If I could give a lower rate than a star, I will have!!
Rating: 4
Text: Breakfast is good. Room service happens, front desk is very welcoming. So far so good!
Rating: 1
Text: My boyfriend booked me a room and paid for it. When I got to the front desk, the man working insisted the room had not been paid for. I was escaping a stressful situation so I didn’t argue with him and gave him my card to run. When the man at the desk handed me a card to fill out with vehicle information I told him I had come on foot. He asked me if I was sure. Yeah, pretty sure dude!
Once in my room, which took about 20 minutes due to the broke ass door, it was fine except for the obvious flea issue. I put a do not disturb sign on and went to sleep. Around 5pm someone barged in to evidently fix the door. He asked judgmentally if i had vern sleeping and then noticed the do not disturb sign. After 30 seconds of awkward silence he said he would do it later.

After my boyfriend called and arranged the payment properly and was charged for it, they still ended up charging my card. So we paid twice for a weird shady hotel room that ended up giving me fleas. Don’t be a weird ass establishment AND give me fleas.
