Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham St. Louis Westport Plaza
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms are not connected in a singular building, which creates more of a private atmosphere. The kitchen comes fully furnished with cookware, dishes, cups, toaster, coffee maker, microwave, oven, dishwasher, and full fridge. There is free wifi and hot breakfast every morning in the lobby. I enjoyed my stay and would definitely stay again. This is a great hotel for a family especially those with kids. The convenience of having a fully functioning kitchen on vacation helps to keep the costs of outside dining down.
Rating: 5
Text: We had our daughters wedding guests stay here and they were very happy.  The management went out of their way to provide anything they wanted.  The pool was great, the basketball court provided something for young ones, and the fire pit was a great gathering place for the entire group.  The rooms were lovely, and very clean.  I would recommend this hotel to anyone who has a group they need to provide some where to stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here for around 2months. I really like this hotel. Good rooms at affordable price. Friendly staff. Their main attraction is shuttle service. You can ask for shuttle from morning 7am till night 9pm within a radius of 5miles.
Rating: 5
Text: We loved the customer service here, from when I called for more information on the rooms available all the way through checkout. Breakfast was good but not over the top - you might get bored with it if you're staying more than a week. Our room was quiet and felt safe. The location is away from lots of traffic but not too far from good restaurants and minutes from the interstate. We had no problem commuting from here to downtown for the couple of days we were in town for sightseeing. It was nice to have a full kitchen, too!
Rating: 2
Text: I have been staying here almost each week since last 1 year and I must say that while they establishment  is great, and I like the apartment type setting, the services of the staff have gone downhill since last few months. It could be either forgetting to change the towels, or bed or broken/missing stuffs in the room etc.. has been a constant issue. Sometimes the cleaning people will remove the trash bag but then won’t give a new one, sometimes they would replace 2 towels with 1.. and almost always atleast 1 day they would forget to clean my room altogether. Also some of the apartments are probably aging a bit and could use a refurbishment.. anyway I wish they get back to the old standard on services cause most of my colleagues have now moved to staybridge suits which is a much better establishment and service for equal price.
