Hemlock Lodge
Rating: 2
Text: The first time we attempted to eat here we were turned away 22 minutes before they closed because the staff was eager to break down the buffet and go home.  So we came back for lunch,  dinner and breakfast the next day (mostly because lack of options). The food off the menu for lunch was decent and our server was polite and efficient. However the dinner buffet and the following morning breakfast buffet,  although fair in taste,  was luke warm at best.  But the worst part was just the attitude some of the staff seemed to have.  I understand that it's frustrating when people come in to eat around closing time,  but it was blatantly obvious that most(not all) of the staff was upset about this.  Whatever,  we'll eat here again and hope for the best because the view is amazing.
Rating: 3
Text: Nicely located and had a great view.  Room was old and bit smelly. Front desk personals weren't very friendly. The restaurant serves good meals though
Rating: 5
Text: The staff is incredible!  These are the friendliest and most helpful people anywhere.  The proximity to all the trails is perfect.  The restaurant has great food.  Don't forget to check out the new Trail's End Tavern.  Great selection and prices.
Rating: 3
Text: Just had lunch at the restaurant. Typical State Park Inn fare with a local twist. One interesting item on the salad buffet was cornbread salad. I liked it. Was disappointed in the pinto bean soup, should have gone for the chicken and sausage. Choices on the entree buffet where catfish, which was excellent, pot roast, very good, and chicken stir fry, ok.  Overall it was good for a State Park Inn buffet and I would eat there again. With drink, price was $12 and change. Very reasonable.
Rating: 5
Text: I recommend making an overnight trip to see the natural bridge. The lodge was built in the 1950s but is very clean. It smells fresh. The rooms are a bit dated, but still very clean. Very decent rates and there's a restaurant on site. You will not have any cell reception, but it's nice to get away from that for a weekend. If you are going to see the natural bridge, the trail is located right beside the lodge. There's still an uphill .5 mile climb you must make. I recommend hiking shoes or chacos, the gravel can be loose in some spots. If you're wanting to see the natural bridge and don't want to tent camp, then stay at the Hemlock Lodge.
