Heritage Inn Mansfield
Rating: 5
Text: 115, NS single, $44.01 cash all in w/ travel coupon from State-line travel center. Room is fresh/remodeled, no smell. Sheets are clean, 2 pillows. Good, free WiFi & lots of plugs. Nice water pressure, hot water & a solid throne w/ exhaust fan. Free breakfast but no waffle machine. Overall: great value!
Rating: 3
Text: Was OK. Old, out dated, a little dirty. Looked for and couldn't find signs of bed bugs but skipped the shower because the bathroom was a little icky. Blanket was scratchy, pillows very flat. I brought my own blankets and pillows so thankfully I didn't have to use theirs. Old style tube television which is silly because there was a wall mount for a flat screen, but no TV on it. Smelled funky in the room, but not like mold or mildew thank goodness. Continental breakfast consisted of danish and wheat bread. Bad coffee and cheap OJ. Don't plan on this as an actual breakfast. Location is off the highway. Not much else in the area except what might be some sort of strip club? Seemed like there were a couple families living in this motel. Night clerk was enjoyable to work with, though. More so than the day clerk who was asleep when we needed her to deal with another occupant whose alarm was beeping very early and for a very long time.
Rating: 2
Text: Old and outdated. Uncomfortable bed. "Continental" breakfast had dry danish and wheat toast. Orange juice tasted fake, coffee was bad. Old school tube tv. Bathroom toilet was icky. Seemed like people were living there. Thin walls, could hear everything from other occupants. Gross! Weird smell but it wasn't awful. Heater worked, which was good cause I guess Ohio is cold in September? 

However, had no bed bugs and decent water pressure. I didn't want to chance the shower but my boyfriend said it was fine. 

Night clerk was enjoyable to work with. Navy vet, good man.
Rating: 3
Text: It is an ok motel decently priced and fairly clean and breakfast in am. Continental. 56.00 one nite total tax inc.
Rating: 3
Text: Nothing but orange and coffee, and had to wait till manager got back from store for that.  Second day he had Danish also.  Rooms were clean but old.  No bedbugs. Everything worked.  All in all an average place to stay
