Hidden Valley Inn
Rating: 1
Text: The place needs to be updated. It was way over priced! Doesn't even include breakfast. Not kept up. Planters full of fake, dusty ivy. Would not return.
Rating: 4
Text: Everyone was so friendly & helpful. The room was clean & comfy.
Rating: 5
Text: The suite is great, easy check-in. Staff was friendly.  Our room was ready early, that was a pleasant surprise. We will stay again! ?
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed in the Cabin 360, and loved our stay. It was great being able to get away from work and family for a week without having to stay in the crowded confines of a hotel room. Being able to spread out throughout the cabin to relax was awesome. The remodeling was exceptionally good, the air conditioning was perfect at keeping whatever temperature we wanted. It was a nearly perfect stay, and I would definitely return here, especially because the staff of the inn were incredibly helpful and friendly. The only complaints we have were small ones. The bed upstairs was a little hard, and not the most comfortable I have ever slept on. The bigger issue was the internet. The two TVs in the cabin are large, have a great picture, and are Smart TVs which I was very excited about before we got to the cabin. However, the internet in the cabin was spotty at the best of times, and completely unable to stream media at the worst of times. I am an IT professional and none of the normal tricks to getting a little extra band width worked. It was fine most of the time, because there is an attached bluray player, and we picked up movies from a nearby redbox to entertain ourselves, but it made responding to emails and checking news/social media a little bothersome. That being said, my wife and I both use more data than the average user, and the rest of the stay was wonderful, so for most this probably would have been a five star stay. It nearly was for me as well
Rating: 4
Text: The size of our room was a big surprise for the price I have paid the same for small rooms. It's kind of a miny apartment.The down fall though is the wifi is horrible and almost no phone service, plus the pillows are like bricks. It is more of a country casual than modern feel, and other than the pillows it was very clean, I would recommend it.
