Hidden Ridge RV Resort
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent Excellent Top notch RV park. "Good Sam $46"... And "No Tents"..,,, (Get the idea.... ). This is a Beautifully manicured property, All sites good size, mostly level and paved, roads paved, Full hook up (50 amp) Free WiFi, Camp store serves prepared food (No price gouging) Lots of activities, large clean pool, basketball etc , clean bathrooms laundry etc. Golf cart rental ... Cabin rental, fishing lake...
Rating: 5
Text: First time here over Labor day weekend. Loved the pool and hot tub! The sites were super nice. Camp store has the necessities if you forgot anything. Was expecting the pool to be packed due to the holiday and it was easy to find chairs. My only complaints would be that a few of the staff members there were downright rude. We didn't know our little ones weren't allowed in the hot tub and and old lady scolded me for not reading the sign. Had another bad experience with another staff member but on a whole the staff was nice and accommodating! We will be back, especially for spring/fall camping when the lake is to cold. 
Rating: 5
Text: Very pretty and peaceful.  We were only there for a couple of days, but enjoyed the ponds and the wild geese. It's close to the freeway, convenient but not noisy.
Rating: 4
Text: While "RV Resort" is a commonly used term these days, Hidden Ridge does approach in this space. Conveniently located about halfway between Grand Rapids & Kalamazoo, there are plenty of shopping, entertainment & exploring opportunities within a short drive. If relaxing & staying on the premises is your preference you can enjoy the pool, clubhouse, fitness center and other amenities available.

We found the staff friendly and effective, and everyone is quick to show a welcome wave or "good morning". The grounds & building are in excellent repair. The bath houses/showers are clean & modern. There is even a store with necessities & treats. Near-daily activities are conducted in the pavilion, as are church services on Sunday.

The sites are spacious & paved with room for the largest rigs. Full hook-ups including water, sewer, 20/30/50 amp electric & cable TV are at each site. Included WiFi blankets the park.

Speaking of WiFi, the Tengo-based sytem is maybe adequate when it works. Certainly not "resort grade". Also, the water pressure and volume are not what what I would expect at a park of this caliber & price.

We'll be back again. We camped here in a 5th wheel.
Rating: 4
Text: All roads are Smooth asphalt, all sites paved and full hook-ups. Good choice of activity spaces. Well filled in and manicured grass space between pads. One minor drawback is lack of patio space at pull through sites.
