Hidden Valley Outfitters
Rating: 5
Text: Floated and camped there this weekend
9/23/17
Was a great place 10/10 would do again 
1. Bathrooms/ showers were super nice
2. Staff was great for the put in/take out on the river
3. Everyone there from the desk on was courteous/nice
4. The campsites were nice and quiet.

Will camp here again
Rating: 5
Text: Very beautiful campground! Lots of things for the kids to do. You can tell they have really spent a lot of time and money to make this place very nice for their campers. Nice concrete pads with picnic tables and lamp stands at every site. Right on the river and pretty little valley. Definitely recommend! My only recommendation would be to get WiFi if it is available in the area. Makes it easier to run or business away from home but it still had awesome phone reception so we made it work!
Rating: 2
Text: Don't get me wrong... the place was beautiful, family friendly and clean.  However, the spaces were small and they were still putting people on the river when a huge storm was about 10-15 mins away and on its way.  We chose to not float due to weather and lost our money on the raft and did not get refunded.  Also, as a note.. if you want to stay there the website does list how much the deposit will be, but when you call to reserve they make you pay it all upfront over the phone. (Camping and Float) We normally stay at another place just down the road and they don't make you pay all upfront and the camping spaces are a lot bigger.
Rating: 5
Text: Wow! All we can say is wow.  Our small Boy Scout troop was eager to take a fun, safe canoe trip both for the requirements and more for the joy of it.  We searched around for just the right venue to accommodate our needs, and I guarantee Hidden Valley Outfitters delivered.  It started with the excellent and friendly conversations over the phone in arranging our June outing.  We were assured the area, and facilities would fit our needs, even though we had never been here before. It is though they bent over backwards to make our stay great.  The canoe and shuttle service was on point and second to none.  The river was beautiful and safe, the equipment was quality, the rates were fair, the showers were clean and hot.  We want to say thanks for the excellent experience, and will surely recommend HVO to others.
Rating: 5
Text: We have been here since monday 8/14/17 (our 1st rime visiting this rv park) and we just reserved another night...this a wonderful campground.
Its quite and a every staff member we've  talked to has been very friendly and professional. My daughter has done nothing but ride her bike and play with other kids all week...its been a wonderful trip and we will be returning before the winter season hits us and we will definitely be back next year..
I gave a 5 star bit seriously people this is 10 star park right on the river.
