HideAway Country Inn
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I stayed in the cherry suite, it's absolutely gorgeous! Everything was taken care of for us by the staff. The cheese plate and chocolate covered strawberries were waiting for us Friday night when we arrived. Breakfast the next morning was fresh, delicious and filling. Our second night we had a picnic basket delivered to our room, sorry no pics, it smelled and looked so good we couldn't wait. Besides no pic would have done the meal justice! We will absolutely be visiting Hideaway country inn, again and again
Rating: 4
Text: My wife and I spent 2 days for our anniversary. This was also our first time at a bed and breakfast. Wonderful people for the staff. We stayed in the Smith room which was awesome. We did have some minor issue's occur but the staff was quick to rectify them. The Smith advertised an outside Jacuzzi on a 'private' deck. It is private accept it's viewable to the outside patio area below. (bring a bathing suit) ;-) Great bar/lounge with good selection.
Rating: 5
Text: What a wonderful elopement! Callie made it a perfect and wonderful experience! We had a wedding morning massage to begin the day followed by the perfect Evening ! Thank you to the Hideaway and especially our "elopement specialist" Callie!
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely GORGEOUS.... We stayed in the Cherry Suite (see photos). The two person copper tub and steam room was INCREDIBLE! The house is everything you would expect from an old country farm house that this city couple REALLY enjoyed. The service and hospitality was top notch. I would HIGHLY recommend Hideaway in to ANYONE.
Rating: 1
Text: Booked the cherry suite for my boyfriend’s birthday and granted it was beautiful and staff was pleasant but NOTHING WORKED, the advertisement on the website is false, and the add ons and room itself were drastically overpriced for what you get. I’ve been to much more luxury suites and stays and this one was the most expensive and least worth it. I ordered the bourbon trail mini bar which consisted of 3 small shot bottles that you can purchase in store for $2 piece, thankfully they were willing to cancel that order. Then I tried to enjoy a bath in the copper tub, which was the biggest selling point for me, and the drain stopper wouldn’t work so I couldn’t fill it up.  So I gave up on that idea and tried to watch a movie, mind you the website advertised Satellite Tv, XM radio, CD player, DVD player, etc but reality is you get a TV that only plays Netflix which I didn’t mind but it’s worth mentioning, and the POWER WENT OUT. There was no emergency number, no other guests, and the office employees had left for the night so my boyfriend and I kept ringing the office bell and hung around the lobby until by chance an employee/resident came down to let his dog out to pee and helped us but as soon as we went back down to our room the power went back out. Eventually we gave up and just went to bed. After telling the office employees about our experience they only responded with “oh no, I’m sorry” as they printed out receipts for my check out. Never did they offer any credit or compensation for the complete waste of a visit, but once my boyfriend walked in to check on what was taking me so long they offered us a $50 coupon for a 2night stay on our next visit.  Again, nice employees but not great business.
