High Plains Camping
Rating: 3
Text: Just finished reading the reviews on this park and in my opinion it is a decent middle of the road rv park.  I agree that the park might not appeal to children or teens as I did not see much for them but if the client base is mostly seniors I can see why they lean more toward that realm of business.  We stayed the night of September 25th in site 110.  The park was water logged and a bit muddy due to 3 days of solid rain which was still coming down when we pulled in.  When I went in I was greeted at the desk and true to a previous post, I was read a list of rules with some do's and don't thrown in which did not bother me as I know that some customers don't seem to follow them as they should.  We had Three small dogs with us and yes the stickers and thorns were all around but we were warned about this from the get go.  I don't know about the restaurant as we did not partake in the cuisine.  The sites are spacious and long enough for anything you are driving or pulling and everything on our site worked (sewer,  water, 50amp service).  I found this park to be acceptable for an overnight stay and in the morning be on your way.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed for the night as we passed through. The spots are nice and big so you don't have to unhook if you don't want to!! We pull a 42 ft fifth wheel and could have stayed hooked up and still been in our spot so that was great! The pool wasn't the greatest (we are spoiled as we are used to resort pools) and the pub on site was not open.  We would stay here again for an overnight stop! Staff is friendly and helpful! 
Rating: 5
Text: Great place for an overnight stay or for those working nearby. The restaurant on the premises is excellent; no need to unhook a vehicle. Quiet and restful!
Rating: 1
Text: A run down, gravel pit full of junk that smells like manure.  

I made this reservation months ago, based on the description and photos on their website.  It looked like a lovely place to stop on our way home.  I talked it up to the kids about how fun our last stop would be!  What we found when we arrived was far from what was presented.  June 1st and the pool wasn't open, the mini golf had been torn up to make a parking lot and the splash pad was two poles sticking out of the ground that sprayed water--and we got a lecture from the owner about how she'd set it up for us but that this would be the only time it was being turned on all summer because she didn't want to deal with it breaking!  There was standing water and rusted farm equipment littering the entire place.  We took one look around and decided to forgo the $40 I'd already paid and headed to the KOA down the road.  My guess is that maintaining the website is easier than maintaining the park and by the time people with reservations get there, it's too late for them to get a refund.  Beware!

And to the owner claiming below that we didn't actually leave, you obviously don't pay much attention to who comes and goes at your campground, because we absolutely DID NOT stay the night.  We stayed long enough to locate and phone the Wakeeney KOA, then headed straight there (an hour drive east) and made good use of their amenities which were all available as advertised, including the pool.  I have a receipt to prove it.  It's probably a good thing that you want to cater to an older crowd since you don't seem to really care for children based on some of your comments and excessive rules.  And that's totally fine, but don't advertise activities specifically for kids, then act surprised or offended when customers coming there because of those things are disappointed and leave a negative review.  Getting defensive and calling me a liar doesn't make YOU sound good.  Clearly the customer service is also lacking here?.  And FYI...there are still photos of the mini golf on your website.  That's how I knew to ask about it when we checked in.
Rating: 5
Text: Some of these interstate stop over parks quickly fade into memory, just a place to hook up for the night.  This place is great (for what it is).  Capt'n Jack's Pub was fantastic.  We'd stop over again just because the staff is so nice and the pub food so tasty.  I mean, we just got a pizza and it was amazing.  I'd love to try to the more exotic seafood next time.
