Higher Ground Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Huge, immaculate rooms with personable and friendly owners.  Stunning garden.  The hotel is locked at all times which provided a sense of security.  Breakfast was homemade and DELICIOUS!   We have found a hotel we will use every time we come to K.C. for Royals or Chiefs games.  Thank you!  We will undoubtedly return. 
Rating: 1
Text: My friend and I arrived at this hotel exhausted from overnight driving after booking a room on a mobile app.  I was somewhat confused when the owner of the hotel seemed surprised and aggravated when I informed him we had a reservation.  He was first very annoyed at the space our old military truck occupied in his empty parking lot and became more angry after we took every effort to reposition the truck per his instructions.  He then began to complain to me about the logistics of the mobile app that I had used and it became clear that he was upset that the app had allowed us to pay $15 less than other listed rates.  This led to him telling me we should cancel our reservation.  We ended up being told to leave which was disheartening given that we were in desperate need of sleep.  I find this encounter especially ironic given the name of the hotel and its logo, suggesting an angelic theme. I guess that an angel's kindness and hospitality to weary travelers only applies if you don't occupy too much of their asphalt and pay full price.  Money, it seems, occupies the highest ground.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel has a quirky but elegant style, and the rooms are absolutely spotless. The managers were friendly, and breakfast was tasty. I would stay there again if I found myself in the Independence area.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice staff, and great location. Our room was small but nice, very clean, and had plenty of towels. We were on the top floor and had a skylight in our room, which was very nice. Don't forget to check out the beautiful garden!
Rating: 4
Text: Quaint and charming former church office building converted into a hotel. Rooms are larger-than-usual which is a plus. The only con was a Bathroom a bit small and no lid on toilet which means no where to put items brought with you- except floor :(
Keurig coffee maker in room with nice choice of coffee pods was a huge surprise!
Breakfast is served on first floor and more than adequate in variety. 
Very friendly and helpful staff made our trip enjoyable. 
Overall we were very pleasantly surprised with this little hidden gem.
