Hillside Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Good:
- nearly all rooms have a private balcony with, no doubt, the best view in town!
- very friendly staff

Cautions:
- dated interior
- room rates a bit pricey
- steep driveway/entrance

While the interior is dated, it’s a mix and some of it holds up today.  For example, I noticed old carpet, but some new tile.  So it’s not bad by any means.  Let’s face it, sometimes, we get a hotel that is freshly remodeled and sometimes you catch one on the cusp of needing a remodel.  Again, I do feel it still holds up well today and was very clean.  Just don’t expect to see a new Holiday Inn or Marriott.

For about the same price, you can probably land a newer room, a bigger TV, a pool, a gym, and a better complimentary breakfast.  Heck, for the same price, some hotels are offering a complimentary dinner now.  With this hotel, you are definitely paying for the spectacular view (and it is fantastic!). Just be aware of what you are getting for the price.

Summary:
Combining the awesome view and friendly service, I recommend this place very much.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful, older hotel with stunning views of Downtown Madison and the Ohio River. Suite was very spacious and clean. Private balcony sported beautiful view of rolling hills, downtown and the Milton Bridge. Whirlpool jacuzzi was in  perfect condition. Continental breakfast was spectacular with bacon, sausage, donuts, bagels, cereal, waffles, fruit, juice. Within walking distance to downtown but hotel is situated on a steep hill, not a big problem going down but could be problematic going up. Staff was super friendly and helpful. Definitely returning in the future, perfect for a weekend getaway without being far from home. We really enjoyed our visit!
Rating: 4
Text: The staff was fantastic here! Definitely had the small town charm/southern hospitality. The hotel was overall pretty good, but could really use a few touch ups. Our room was in really good condition, but the general spaces and some of the other rooms I noticed were a bit run down (e.g. worn carpet, stains on the walls, peeling wallpaper) Obviously going to a quaint town that is known for it's old style main street, you're not necessarily expecting a super modern mega hotel. My experience was overall very positive though and I would absolutely recommend it again!
Rating: 4
Text: My wife and I enjoyed our stay at the Hillside Inn jacuzzi suite. We had a nice view and the room appeared to have been renovated. The Hillside has been around for a long time and they must be doing something right because they were pretty close to capacity and it was during the middle of the week. it was cool to spot deer on their property twice and they are walking distance to several things if you don't mind walking back up the HILL. the staff is very friendly and I appreciate the girl who checked me in and gave me a military discount when I showed her my military ID. Forgive me for not remembering your name. We didn't have the free breakfast so I can't comment on that. We would consider making reservations at the Hillside again when in Madison. I thought about a B&B, but the Hillside is priced right with their location and amenities.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice. Great views from balcony. Great service. Jacuzzi and fireplaces in room. I rate this 5 out of 5 stars
