Hillcrest Event Center
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty handy if you like to camp and play golf!  And a pretty good deal if you are a Passport America member.
Rating: 3
Text: ME N WIFE FIRST TIME RV CAMPING PICKED A PLACE CLOSE A CHEAP WE SAW IT HAD A POOL AND 9 HOLE GOLF COURSE SO WE THOUGHT PERFECT LETS JUST SAY GOOD EXPERIENCE VERY NICE PERSON HIS NAME WAS ELIAS DID NOT LIKE THE ONE WAY ROAD COMING IN TOOK A DIFFERENT ROUTE ON THE WAY OUT I RECOMMEND COMING THRU ORION HEADED NORTH
Rating: 5
Text: Fun venue
Rating: 1
Text: The internet description of this campground is a fake.  No showers, few campsites, the well water stinks, and the access road is a one lane driveway  with blind curves.
Rating: 1
Text: I truly wish that I could say that I were joking about how horrible our entire experience was but I'm not.  My wife and I went to play a round of golf here on our wedding anniversary.  I have played this course three times in about eight years, the last two being in the last two or three years. The employee working there (Elias was his name) was beyond rude and disrespectful.  We were going to book our tee time online because it was going to save ten dollars per person but ended up not booking it before we arrived.  Elias told us that we had to book our tee time in advance and wasn't going to honor that pricing so we said that we could come back after booking a later time.  He was obviously annoyed by this but grudgingly agreed to let us book online for the discounted pricing offered through their own online advertising.  As my wife booked the reservation I inquired as to the condition of the course because the last time I played here the "greens" were literally Dirt (little to no patches of grass) and Elias was obviously further annoyed by this.   He went on to ask us if we had any of our own drinks to which I replied we did not.  He immediately went into telling us that, "If I see you with any drinks, I can throw you off the course" as he pointed up to a sign in the clubhouse.   I told him that's fine, I did not have any outside beverages that I was bringing on the course and based off of his attitude, I would not be purchasing anything else from him anyway.  We went out to retrieve our golf cart and load our clubs when Elias came out after us and asked us if we had signed out our cart to which I replied we hadn't and I was unaware we needed to since he did not say anything about it.  He said, again with an attitude, that you need to come in and sign out the cart before you can play.  I went back into the club house to sign out the cart and this is were things got even more infuriating and disrespectful.  While following me in, Elias asked me what what wrong with my leg with a tone of disgust in his voice.  I asked him what it was he was referring to and he actually came up and poked my left leg on a varicose vein.  I told him that is a varicose vein, in shock that he actually thought it appropriate to physically poke or ask about a customers physical ailments!  I then signed the clipboard for our cart rental and as I was starting to walk back out, he accused me of stealing his pen which I had pulled from my own pocket.  I take accusations towards my character and integrity very seriously. I told him this is my pen and asked him if he needed to see it and he actually replied yes to me.  I held it out to show him that it was a pen from a local bank and if he was that concerned about his pen, he could go there and they would give him one for free too.   I started walking out and Elias could not leave well enough alone and again followed me out of the building to argue with me about a pen and how we were too cheap to pay the full price of a round of golf!  At this point, I told him that I would be filling out online reviews to share my experience and he stated, "That's okay, I know who you are and I will put your name and information on the internet too!"   There is nothing like receiving threats from a business towards your spouse that has said little to nothing to the employee saying his is going to put her information out. In regards to the course quality, after our experience with Elias, the first green was nearly fifty percent dirt like the last time I played it.  As we went on, it was obvious the course is in horrible condition and severely neglected.  This was the case on nearly every hole. The ninth tee box had no tee up markers and had not been mowed in a long time with grass approximately six inches long. At this point, we could see Elias sitting by our car and as we loaded our clubs he told my wife that he found her on Facebook and started naming people he thought she was friends with as if to further attempt some intimidation? Inexcusable disrespect & lack of professionalism from this business. NEVER Returning
