Hilltop Cabin & Suites
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here for our anniversary weekend and loved the views, the privacy and the short drive to Nashville. Moe the cat is amazing and the suites are wonderful. Loved our stay and will definitely be back!
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed at the Treetop Retreat. Room was clean and perfectly fine for the price...the view was unbeatable...I mean to say, the view from every window was trees...treetops I should say...off of the deck and out of the back windows...tree tops for miles...absolutely beautiful. My only negative comment, the bed was awful. Like sleeping on a rock slab and the furniture was outdated pretty bad...so not very good sleep but the view was more than worth the price of this place. I would say I'll be back for sure but I was tired for days after due to lack of sleep. I still recommend it to anyone that can deal with a hard bed, or bring a mattress pad and your own blankets and pillows.
Rating: 4
Text: Love the room and it has an amazing view from the whirlpool tub! A few cobwebs in the corners and burned out light bulbs when we checked in, but kitchen and linens were well stocked and other issues were taken care of by management as soon as we asked. Will certainly stay again!
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed in Tranquility Lodge. Clean and very spacious with great views. It's a tad bit dated but for the price I really don't think you can beat it. We stayed three nights and one was free. 
The property is an old recording studio and is split into five units. While the property is secluded and off the beaten path, the units are all connected. Each unit still offers privacy, so you don't need to worry about being bothered by noise or any of the usual hotel complaints associated with adjoining rooms. If you're looking for a cabin that's secluded and by itself keep looking, if you want clean, quiet, and relatively inexpensive overnight accommodations that put you within five minutes of downtown Nashville and ten minutes from Brown County State Park, this is it. 
Rating: 2
Text: The reason I rated this a 2, is because of the view. I was mislead to think the Anniversary cabin was a cabin, but is instead a suite. After I realized this and had already made my reservation, no one would return my calls or emails. It is very outdated, overpriced, dirty, the people in the rooms next to us were having parties. I will not be back and have recommended to others to avoid this place.
