Hilton Garden Inn Omaha West
Rating: 4
Text: What an amazing place-the rooms, food and staff are excellent. This is my first trip to the US and I couldn’t have picked a better location. The people in Omaha are so friendly you just want to stay and never go home. I live in the UK and I am comparing this hotel with what is on offer in the UK. The best thing about this hotel is the staff. Keep up the good work and make sure these Guys are well paid for the service they provide
Rating: 1
Text: Worst place to stay. The way they treat guests/employees from another location is horrible. I was an employee for the Hilton company. Because I used my employee discount I was treated like trash. Never mind that I'm 7 months pregnant and in Omaha to have testing done on my unborn child. I was given a room that was already rented by another guest. Front desk clerks felt they had to do to much to get me a room that wasn't occupied. Was told numerous times "You're an employee for the franchise, you should be thankful for what you get." Had to file a formal complaint with Hilton's customer service line because the General Manager wouldn't take my calls. Only to have the General Manager Lisa call the hotel I worked for and lied to get me fired! Said I was drunk and disorderly my entire stay (being pregnant). Said I was rude and obnoxious to her staff (they were put out about having to find me a room that I reserved 3 times). Then proceeded to tell my boss that that I let the children that I had with me run around at all hours of the night (despite the fact I had witnesses the children didn't belong to me or my family I had with me.) So not only was I stressed out by having to have tests done, I lost my job, because I made a formal complaint for being treated like trash. I would hope they don't treat their "paying" guests like this.

UPDATE: According to the response I was given by the General Manager and NOT the owner, this has happened before. As mentioned by the General Manager responsibility should be taken, yet I have not seen her or the hotel take responsibility for their actions towards their guests. Lisa plays the blame game. Everyone else is wrong except her employees or herself. On a better note since she has not provided any proof I won my case against the Hotel that fired me for wrongful termination. The next step is this Hotel and Lisa herself. P.s I have no siblings. That shows me there she treats the ones with employee discounts like trash.
Rating: 5
Text: I stay here often.  Last week while there my back was going out.  Patricia, who is just lovely, offered more blankets and pillows to be brought to my room for support.  She is absolutely wonderful!   The next morning, my back was completely out.  I was barely able to get dressed and unable to put my socks on.  I never thought I would ask a stranger to help me put on my socks but I had no choice.  It was about 6am and Bryan was on duty at the front desk.  I humbly asked him for assistance.  Seeing my pain, he did not hesitate.  Sat me down in the lobby, and put my socks on my feet.  Patricia and Bryan, I cannot thank you enough for the kindness you showed me.  Great hotel and wonderful people!
Rating: 3
Text: Nice stay. Very friendly staff. Cook/ Bartenders were great. The rooms were clean but the elevator floor had a spill of trail mix Sunday. Heard a vacuum cleaning on Monday. A couple raisins were there on Tuesday  (still)! Down rated one star for that.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, very attentive and personal staff. Would definitely stay here again.
