Hilton Garden Inn Independence
Rating: 2
Text: Going to start with the good and say the maids and service workers were very friendly and helpful. The room was also clean. Unfortunately outside of that lots of things added up to the worst Hilton Garden Inn experience we've ever had. So many little things added up that in the end it just wasn't a good experience. There seems to be a lot of poor communication between the different departments of the hotel and a little scary amount of incompetence at the front desk. We were accidentally checked out twice during the 5 day stay and the second time had to rush back from downtown KC to correct things and make sure we didn't lose our room. They had also mixed up payments and tried to charge us a much higher rate after the first correction to the accidental check out. This is on top of trying to get little things we ended up having to take care of ourselves by stopping service workers in the hall. I'm skipping a lot of details but I don't feel it's necessary for the overall point. Not the worst hotel by any means but when you're paying that little bit extra for a nice chain like Hilton Garden Inn you expect a little more and we got a lot less. Way too much poor communication and incompetence.
Rating: 2
Text: 2.0 star rating
11/11/2017

We have stayed at this hotel in the past and enjoyed it, but we won't be back after our most recent visit. Rooms are showing wear. Bathroom had a strange, musty smell. Beds were hard as a rock and incredibly uncomfortable. Housekeeping didn't get to our room until 5:00. Pool is small and not worth the effort. Parking lot is shared by a very busy restaurant, so there is no parking if you return during dinner hours.

My biggest complaint is that we were double billed and this hotel has done nothing to help us, despite multiple phone calls on our part. We keep being told they need to check with the manager, who is never available even when we call during business hours. Upon every call, they verify that they can see we were charged twice, yet no one seems to care to help us get our money back. I finally reached out to Hilton directly to get this resolved. If you stay here, definitely do not prepay--we let them know upon check in that we had prepaid and still got billed after we checked out.

Location is great, there are plenty of other hotels in the area. I'll be avoiding this one in the future.
Rating: 1
Text: The desk clerk, Waitress, maids and security office were outstanding, 5 star. The room was terrible. To small for a room with 2 double beds. Plus, the bathroom door opened into the room instead of into yhe bathroom. Very poor design. The AC didn't work. The temp in the room was 86 degrees at midnight. Very disappointing.
Rating: 4
Text: I was there last week for a conference. My room was nice and beds very comfirtable. I was pleased by the housekeeping. Breakfast was good, but charging full price for children that eat one bowl of cereal is asinine. The front desk was STELLAR! As an honors member, I was able to check-in online and all that I had to do, was get my key. The welcome bag was a nice touch. Parking was great. Business center was down for one day. Enjoyed the complimentary wifi because I had class work to submit while I attended the convention. The only reason I didn't give this review the whole 5 stars was because of the sewage smell on the first floor. Please fix that. I would stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Disgusting. The entire hotel has a strong odor of sewage. The front desk staff is ghetto. The exercise room is seriously about 85 degrees. We stayed two nights and our room received absolutely no service. The hotel looks nice from the outside, but is more like the Motel 6 as far as overall experience is concerned.
