Hilton Garden Inn Lexington
Rating: 4
Text: It a wonderful place to have a meeting. The staff were nice and polite. I had a problem with my pen not working. The staff went a got one for me. I have never had a staff member do that. The floors were clean and windows clean. Sometimes you will go to an event and people place their hands on the windows. The staff members will not wipe them down. All in all, i like the place alot.
Rating: 5
Text: Good staff. Clean facility. Nice job.
Rating: 5
Text: My family stayed at Hilton Garden Inn Lexington for a quick getaway. We had a great time! The room looked recently updated, the beds very comfortable, the main lobby was elegant and the service top notch. The indoor pool is heated and was perfect for a do with the kids. We also had breakfast on site. The buffet was good and they also served made to order ommlettes. We will definitely stay here again next time in Lexington.
Rating: 2
Text: The rooms of this hotel were clean and the decor is updated, but the customer service here made a very bad impression.  Upon checking in, the desk clerk gave me and my road-weary children our key, but didn't direct us toward the elevator nor give any of the need to know information you'd expect to get when you check in.  In our room, my children wanted to get a movie on demand, which I agreed to, but it did not start after purchasing it.  I called the front desk, explained my situation, and was condescendingly told to "not push any more buttons" and that she'd remove the charge.  (After all, I look like a dullard who is incapable of figuring out technology that has existed since I was eight.)  I calmly explained that I had promised my children for the last 500 miles that when we arrived to our hotel we could get this movie, so I would like to switch rooms if that what it would take, but was told that switching wasn't possible.  The icing on the cake was when I was in the shower when our Domino's pizza arrived, so I asked that the front desk tell the delivery man I'd be downstairs in five minutes, but I got downstairs within about two minutes, ran out the doors to catch the delivery man who was leaving who told me that they had not given him my message.  My sour feelings toward this hotel are based solely on the unprofessional nature of one employee, so I am being unfair with my low rating, but was displeased with my experience here.
Rating: 4
Text: Over all, the experience was good! Front desk was very attentive to our needs!
