Hilton Indianapolis Hotel & Suites
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms were great, we had no problems getting into them. I thought it was weird that every floor had the same pictures in the exact same spots on every floor (we had multiple rooms on different floors reserved). Both bars in the hotel were nice and fun. Room service was very quick and responsive.
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent value for prime downtown lodging. Sandwiched a block from the capital one direction and the Circle City Monument a block the other direction, it is a great spot to stay. An easy walk to great beer and dining, and the house bars and restaurants are very good too.  The rooms are very large and comfortable, especially the bed and pillows, however there is no way of creating white noise with the air system, nor any USB ports for phone charging, as is common in modern well appointed rooms.  Still, quite a value and a nice place to stay.
Rating: 4
Text: This is a nice hotel. Front desk was pleasant and well-stocked with band-aids. Fruit-infused water available in the lobby, which was nice. The room was clean and bed well-made. 

I did notice our towels were changed out if they were on the bathroom door, even though they weren't on the floor (as per the pamphlet) but that isn't a complaint.

There was no water cooler per floor or anything like that, so if I wanted water I either had to get it from the lobby or the sink, and the sink water had a bit of a metallic taste to it.

The hotel's attached grill has an $18 buffet breakfast including drinks (at least on the weekends) which had several offerings and was a decent meal for the price. The food was a little on the cold side when we got there, but wasn't bad.

The attached parking garage's daily cutoff is at 4PM, which I had to ask several times to get a consistent answer on.
Rating: 3
Text: Great location and friendly staff.  Stayed on the 14th floor and had a good view. Visited the bar on the main level and the bartender was excellent.  The fabric shower curtain had mold/mildew on it and the bathroom smelled musty when the shower was on.  Shouldn't the removable part of the shower liner be washed after each guest?  If so, why would the liner be put back on in that condition!?  Needless to say, my shower was quite quick!
Rating: 5
Text: From the moment my group walked into the lobby we felt at ease. The hotel is very well kept and our room was spotless. Staff was quick to assist with any concern. 5/5 will be back.
