Hilton St. Louis Frontenac
Rating: 3
Text: Located in a great part of the city. A great staff check-in was a snap. The room was spacious and clean.  Now for the items needing improvement; Light from the hallway comes in all the way around door frame. Use caution when in the shower the water is too hot and the bathtub drains too slow.
Rating: 1
Text: We started on a bad note with the elevator to the top floors being out of order and no porter to help us take the luggage upstairs. No sign about the elevator not working was posted either. We forgot a few documents in the room and contacted the hotel staff, the desk manager multiple times since we had checked out but no efforts were made to look them up. They took our phone number but didn't call us back despite us telling them the documents had confidential information. The staff was quite careless. 

The glasses provided in the mini bar had toothpaste residues. The shower was blocked and the complimentary shampoo in the bathroom was a half used bottle. They had obviously not cleaned up properly or changed the toiletries. Which makes me wonder about the hygiene levels they have there. 

Overall, I was not impressed at all. Walking in, it felt like a luxurious big building but our two night experience there was nothing like what you would expect of a Hilton hotel. Will not recommend.
Rating: 4
Text: Went to the Hilton for a working lunch in the Bar & Grill. FYI it is sear yourself so don't hover at the entrance like we did. Food was excellent, especially the sweet potatoes fries and portions are good sized. Our waitress quickly took our order and was very responsive. Only negative was it was a little cold sitting near the entrance. We should have picked a better seat.
Rating: 5
Text: Great service. Wonderful, clean rooms. It lives up to being a Hilton, although the only complaint is that the pictures don't allow you to see just how close to a major highway you are.
Rating: 4
Text: This is a beautiful place to stay and very well kept. I stayed in a Suite which had a  living space and a bedroom. Rooms are very nice with good finishes and you can tell a higher quality stay experience. The only reason I can not give this a 5 star is the service received two nights in a row in the lounge from the servers. HORRIBLE!
