Hilton Garden Inn Columbus Airport
Rating: 1
Text: On 9/28/17, we checked into the Hilton Garden Inn to visit my family. I had made the reservation for a 3 night stay at this hotel. On 9/29/17, the first morning while getting ready, my mom noticed that she had what appeared to be insect bites on her body. As I was inspecting the bites on my mother (I am a nurse) , I noticed a bug crawling on the bed by our clothes. My mom managed to smash it ,which left a reddish stain on white linen. When I inspected it, I realized it was a BED BUG. I immediately informed hotel staff who sent maintenance to our room. Once he arrived, he verified that it was a BED BUG. The maintenance man (I do not remember his name) offered us a new room, however I was concerned about infestations so I requested a refund for my reservation. I received a refund and checked out of the hotel immediately. When I asked to speak with the hotel manager, I was told that he was not available until Monday, mind you, this incident occurred on a Friday. I took all of our clothes to a laundromat and dry cleaner near the hotel. At no point was I contacted by the hotel manager. At this point I was less concerned about the bug bites but more about transporting any bed bugs to my sister's house or my house. So, the second day of my visit, I spent mostly at the laundromat, washing clothes that were possibly infested by the hotel bed bugs and searching for another hotel in the area that had rooms available with handicap access. My mother is in a wheelchair. I waited all weekend for a call from hotel management for at the very least an apology that I did not receive. So, on Monday 10/1/17, I contacted the hotel manager on the telephone. When I called the hotel, I spoke to manager Travis Caldwell to request compensation for cost of disinfecting clothes and luggage. I assumed any reputable hotel would at the very least offer to cover the cost of these services. However, Travis Caldwell (hotel manager) said that it was enough that they refunded me the reservation. He stated “the Orkin (exterminator) specialist came to inspect the room and said that the bug was dead for a long time, so I don't think we need to compensate you and besides we have never had this problem". I had to remind him that the bug was not "dead for a long time" because we killed it and that my mother had bites on her body. The entire conversation, it appeared that Travis Caldwell was not willing to accept blame for this incident. Not even when his own staff verified that a bed bug was in our room. Although I appreciate the refund I didn't appreciate the manager subtly tried to tell me that there was no bed bug and made it seem that refunding the reservation was a favor. This is possibly the worst experience that I have ever had in a hotel room. I feel that this incident should of been handled in a different manner. To act as if you are doing your guest a favor by refunding my money for not wanting to stay in a hotel which had bed bugs is completely unprofessional and rude. Needless to say, this will be the last time I will stay it this hotel or any other Hilton Garden Inn.
Rating: 3
Text: Located right next to the airport. You can hear the airplanes arriving/leaving, but it did not disrupt my sleep. The room was nice. I wish breakfast was included considering the price of the room.
Rating: 3
Text: I stayed in rm215 and you could hear every single creaky foot step from the floor above. Alarm clock(airplane engines) will wake you up around 530am. Breakfast service is very good and all employees were very nice and helpful
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty nice place if you're catching a flight or you're just passing through to another destination the staff is very friendly and the restaurant bar is not too bad at all. The cleanness of the hotel is what you would come to expect from a Hilton property. Have a fun stay....
Rating: 1
Text: Worst hotel experience ever! Evacuated from SWFL and stayed here 3 nights. Dirty musty / mildew smell in room. Rude staff! There is hot water IF you wait 15min. Price gouging due to football game.
  SouthWest airline, other hotels and many business owners were willing to help guests fleeing the storm by offering discounts. Not this place...they raised the rates!
 Avoid this place.
