Hilton Garden Inn St. Louis Shiloh/O’Fallon
Rating: 4
Text: I haven't ever stayed at the hotel, just been there for several professional development seminars. The main negatives that I recall are that we would usually run out of coffee and sometimes have a hard time getting more, and the temperature is usually too cold or too hot. Other than that, they brought fresh baked goods (scones, muffins, pastries, and the like) and fruits every morning, but sadly, they would take them away during lunch and we had no snacks for the afternoon. We had coffee and canned sodas all day long. The conference rooms are decent and dividing walls are solid, but internet was a bit weak for hosting IT related conferences. Also the desks and layouts aren't the best for setting up and working on computers all day. Overall, a positive experience.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place, have stayed there three times, staff is great, clean rooms, great location, close to Scott AFB and places to eat.  Stayed there again this week for two nights.  Was great again.  Room was clean and housekeeping was fantastic.
Rating: 5
Text: Helpful, clean,close to restaurants an shopping. pool, spa, small gym to work out. Even has large running track out back. Connected to Regency convention center with terrific kitchen an great staff. Whole place is family friendly!
Rating: 3
Text: Great clean room.  Very good evening meal in the restaurant.   The free breakfast didn't happen...the free cold breakfast was not free and a $24 breakfast was offered.  This seemed like deception to us since we looked on line first (free breakfast) at check in free cold breakfast was told to us then the next morning we were told it was $7 each for cold breakfast and $12 each for a real breakfast.  Cracker Barrel sold us a great breakfast for $7 each.  This is not a good way to do business.  Something for Hilton to consider from the customers point of view!
Rating: 3
Text: Ok hotel, it's clean. The maids are good. Breakfast is over priced at 12$, laundry machines are expensive 4 dollars to do a load, walls are paper thin, u can hear everything next door and out in the halls.
