Hilton Columbus/Polaris
Rating: 5
Text: The check in staff was extremely polite. She explained everything that we needed to know. Felt very welcoming. The room was clean, beds comfy and plenty of plugs for electronic charging fory children. This hotel is located in a great spot near eateries and all kinds of stores so if you need to run and get something you can. It's also convenient to highway.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice hotel. Bar area is small. Burger (ordered at almost midnight) was overcooked. Next night had the Reuben that was spot on. Conference rooms were too cold, but the food was awesome.  I had an executive room. It was pretty standard and the bathroom was tiny. Some old (maybe moldy) caulk in the shower. Door was not seated correctly.  would rattle at night when someone closed another door on the floor.
Rating: 4
Text: I didn't stay at the Polaris, but rather attended a conference. The facility is nice, although the conference room was extremely cold, maybe at the request of the group hosting the event. They were completely out of coffee at the break, but we were able to purchase some close to the check-in area. Something was amiss with the carpeting that day--perhaps the carpeting was freshly installed? Bits of material from the carpeting we're clinging to guests clothing. Any of the items mentioned are easy fixes. I would certainly consider staying at this facility. The staff was friendly and helpful.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a meeting in a ballroom and breakfast and lunch in another ballroom. The light breakfast was wonderful. The coffee was always fiiled and hot and the station was well maintained. Lunch was buffet and the food was wonderful. There was ongoing maintenance with the food and used dishes. The halls were large and up to date. The hotel is stylish and well kept.
Rating: 2
Text: Although the hotel was clean, quiet and comfortable I must comment on the attitude of the staff member who checked me out this morning. She was beyond rude in a passive aggressive way.
At check out she told me I had nothing to pay. When I pointed out I'd had some room service things went awry. Ironic as I was trying to give the hotel money I owed them, you'd think that this would spark a positive communication, but quite the opposite. The receptionist developed an instant attitude. I am part of a large group staying at the Polaris and my colleague told me she had exactly the same experience with the same staff member.. I hope management at the Hilton read this review and rethink their policy in customer service and staff attitude to their paying customers. The experience with the charmless receptionist ruined my stay and tainted my impression of the establishment as a whole. It was a disgrace.
