Hilton Garden Inn Champaign/ Urbana
Rating: 5
Text: We just had our wedding reception here (10/21/17) and the entire experience was wonderful. From the planning to the execution everything they did was helpful. 

We worked with Shelby for most of the planning and she was wonderful. Near the wedding we worked with Caitlyn and she was great at helping us pull it together in the end. They even provided snacks and champagne whenever we had meetings with them. 

Another great convenience is that the hotel staff did all of the reception set-up. We dropped off decorations, gave them some pictures of centerpieces ideas, and they got it all set up.

The food was great (through the hotel) and all of our guests were impressed by it and the atmosphere. The rooms themselves were very nice as well. Highly recommended.
Rating: 5
Text: We had our wedding reception at the Hilton, and it was wonderful! Not only was the venue fantastic, but the service from top to bottom was fantastic. Jenny and Shelby worked so hard to make sure the logistics were perfect and the wait staff were so sweet and helpful. Everyone had a blast! :) They did all of the decorating for the reception and coordinated with my DJ and the lady baking our cake and everything was perfect.

Our out-of-town guests enjoyed the hotel stay as well and the discount offered for the wedding guests was super helpful.

Would definitely recommend this venue (especially Alumni Hall) if you are looking for a wedding reception venue! :)
Rating: 5
Text: Attended a wedding here. The space was very nice, and the food was great as well. The best part was Janice tending the bar. My son really wanted a cherry that was in one of the butler-passed cocktails, so I told him we'd go ask for one at the bar. She let him have one, and then every time I went up for a drink the rest of the night she gave him a skewer with three cherry's on it :)   She even gave me a skewer of olives when I commented on how big they were.
Rating: 5
Text: I attended a work event here. The conference center is extremely large. The staff were very knowledgeable and friendly. They had signage pointing in the right direction to help in navigating to the right conference room. Very clean!
Rating: 4
Text: I like this hotel.  Nice and quiet.  Good service.  Very disappointed in the shower for the special needs room.  Has standard bathtub.  How was my guest expected to shower?
