Hilton Garden Inn Indianapolis Northeast/Fishers
Rating: 5
Text: We had such amazing service here. The manager was incredible to us. My husband and I had called and requested a room with a jacuzzi and upon arrival the manager told us there was an issue with our room, that the jacuzzi tub was broke and only worked as a bath tub. That was a bit disappointing because every other hotel had sold out of their jacuzzi rooms. We were wanting something a little more romantic because we were there for our anniversary. But without even asking the manager offered to take $100 off our room fee and even gave us coupons for the bar and free breakfast buffets of $11 value. The room was very clean and besides the broken jacuzzi everything was perfect. We spent the evening in the hot tub by the swimming pool. I will never forget the generosity shown to us at this hotel and will gladly stay here in the future.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed here for one night. Comfortable beds, and clean rooms. The pool was heated and the hot tub felt AMAZING. Salt vs chlorine was also appreciated. The breakfast was not complementary, and that's my only complaint. For the price of the room, breakfast should have been included. Otherwise, the staff was friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, fresh rooms! Comfy bed and pillows. Staff is welcoming and amazingly nice and helpful. Breakfast is worth the price with fresh omelets and great bacon.
Rating: 1
Text: My room wasn't ready on time I had to wait an extra 30 minutes when rooms are suppose to be ready by 3pm. When I woke up the next morning I was suppose to have room service that I was told I couldn't order I must come down to the lobby and when it was finally time for me to check out they over charged me. I had such a horrible experience at this location the associates were very rude and unapologetic! I wouldn't refer my worst enemy here!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were nice. Staff was very helpful and kind. When we checked in they told us they just found out that there was an issue with our tub and they gave us a discount on our room.
