Hilton Garden Inn St. Louis Airport
Rating: 4
Text: From the moment the shuttle driver Reggie picked me up it was a great experience. Trish checked me in and was incredibly accommodating. The shuttle to and from dinner was excellent as was the room. I'd certainly stay here again.
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel was relatively easy to find. The decor was up to date and the room was clean. The shower though was not very clean and damaged. It was usable but not very nice. The shower floor looked bad enough we felt like we should be wearing shoes for protection. The biggest complaint I have is with the dining staff. We stayed two nights and each morning the breakfast food ran out well before the stated hours of service. I was frustrated the first morning. The second morning the cook announces she was not going to refill the food items an hour before the 11am closing time. The lights were off by 10:30. I asked for an omelet to be made. The cook agreed but was not interested if I wanted anything to go with it. While I waited another patron brought his dirty dishes to the counter. The cook grabbed the soiled dishes delt with them and then handled my food. She never changed gloves. The overall service was very poor. I am a loyal Hilton customer for many years. I chose this hotel because of the bed and breakfast offering. This was not what I have come to expect from a Hilton chain. I did complain and the prepaid food portion is supposed to be refunded. I will not stay at this hotel again.
Rating: 4
Text: This is an up to date hotel that has all the amenities necessary to enjoy an overnight stay. The location is ideal and shuttle service is offered to where you don't need a rental if you are coming for downtown events. Staff is friendly and attentive. Very helpful with orienting me to the city and getting around on public transit. Food is decent but there are great restaurants nearby. I haven't seen a lot of family here but I'm sure they have accomadations. This is more for the business traveler or person coming to visit the city for a few days
Rating: 4
Text: The facility is well maintained and the employees friendly and helpful. A shuttle bus is available for airport pickup and for trips within 5 miles of the hotel, including the local Metro station. I had dinner there and found the tomato- basil soup and the grilled vegetables quite good.
Rating: 5
Text: Michelle greeted us with helpfulness and courtesy.   Beautiful room.  Great restaurant service thanks to Jordan.  Two great meals thanks to Terrance and Jonathan.  Ribs cooked just right.   Delicious grilled veggies.   Excellently seasoned salmon.  Tasty sweet chili wings.   Perfectly cooked mashed potatoes.   The whole package. 
