Hilton Garden Inn Detroit Downtown
Rating: 2
Text: Heater in room was exceptionally loud while the television was exceptionally small. The room floor padding was very inexpensive. The tub wasn't clean the lounge chair in the room would have been better if nothing was there. Went down to the pool, and the hot tub was out of order without a sign stating that. I am from Detroit and I stay in hotels all over the country. I tried a hotel in Detroit for my grandchild's birthday, and I must say that will never happen again. The complete atmosphere made me feel down. I'm glad I was able to move north long ago because every other hotel I paid a substantial amount for like this was 4 times better in every way.
Rating: 3
Text: Most staff was polite and helpful, especially Ryan in valet and the waiter in the breakfast restaurant. Rooms are clean. Hotel is very close to all activities in downtown Detroit. Food for breakfast and dinner was very good too. I would not stay here again though  because of the loud music from the bar across the street until 2:30 in the morning all 4 nights of my stay and the constant revving of the motorcycles into the early morning hours. Police were parked at this corner every night to stand guard and make sure this did not get out of control.  I did not feel safe watching this activity each night. There aren't many reviews of this and people who would like to stay here should consider a different hotel if they want to get rest at night.
Rating: 4
Text: A nice hotel in a decent part of Detroit. You must pay for parking here. The staff does take a few minutes to warm up to you. And you're within safe walking distance to the baseball and football stadiums, and greektown.
The rooms are beautiful and clean.
But the noise from the surrounding nightlife may keep you up until 3am!
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel is absolutely 100% what you'd expect from this grade of Hilton. Rooms are nice, look the have recently been updated and beds are comfortable. The *only* reason for my low reviews is for the music from the bar across the street. They have speakers outside that play an uninspired playlist of stale music (Living La Vida Loca? Really?). The music plays constantly from about noon to well past midnight. It made working from the room challenging, and I had to employ all my noise cancelling techniques to get a good night's sleep.

I asked to switch rooms to the other side of the hotel, but that side was all king rooms (I had a queen), and they were sold out. The desk clerk didn't seem particularly sympathetic to my complaint, she didn't offer to try to move me to another room further down the hall, and said nobody had ever complained about the music before...I see from here I am not the first to complain.
Rating: 4
Text: Well located in downtown Detroit. The rooms are clean and spacious. The food is not the best and could be improved. The staff delivers a great service
