Hilton Garden Inn Bloomington
Rating: 2
Text: Here on business for many weeks. Staff are friendly and rooms are clean. Breakfast is good.

TV s are an issue here.

TV programing and show listings are not available on your TV !!!!!
You have to guess where a show will be as only channel numbers are posted on the TV.  Spoke to the desk staff for 3 days and also maintenance staff.  Manager is aware of the problem and tells his staff the fix to seeing TV programming is 3 weeks away as of September 11, 2017 !!!  

Makes it difficult and frustrating looking for programs or even knowing what channels carry.   
Not a good situation when you book for weeks on a business trip.

NO HELP FROM MANAGER !!!

CALLED HILTON CORPORATE TO COMPLAIN ABOUT LACK OF TV PROGRAMING AT THIS HOTEL ......EVER ROOM !!!!  NO REPLY.  

DON'T EXPECT MANAGEMENT TO ANSWER IF THEY CAN RENT TO FOOTBALL CLOUD!!!

NOT BUSINESS OR FAMILY FRIENDLY!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Comfy accommodations, nice staff, busy lively location. Could hear the concert next door. Luckily I can slept through anything so it didn't bother me that much.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice and clean room. The bed was comfortable. The lobby area was very nice with many places to gather. The pool was small, but nice. The hot tub was also nice. I only wish housekeeping hadn't knocked on my door at 11, despite the "do not disturb" sign. Checkout at noon means just that.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel was very nice and clean. Staff was incredibly friendly and helpful, answering all the usual questions for out-of-towners. Parking pass for attached garage is extra, but is worth it. The room was spacious, clean, and the bathroom was large.  Views of downtown left more to be desired, but was centrally located to all the action. Would stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: We booked a room for our wedding night at the Hilton Garden Inn. We called to inform them of a late check in (after the wedding). The call center put me on a brief hold and shortly after told me we were all set for the later check in time. Upon arrival we were told by the front desk they had given our room to someone else due to a maintenance issue. The gentleman at the front desk said they tried to call us which was not only a lie, but if they had called I wouldn't have answered my phone on our wedding night. They sent us to the Hampton which had 2 small beds (not the king bed we had originally booked at the Hilton). I will never again book a room at a Hilton or any of their affiliates. If you want to make sure your room is available when you travel, save yourself the headache and book somewhere else.
