Hilton St. Louis Airport
Rating: 2
Text: I love the lobby and food in this hotel. The rooms look like vomit though. Looks like they haven't renovated since the 70s. Booger green carpet and decor. Most of the staff are super nice...except for most of the front desk staff from the evening...morning staff at the front desk is wayyyyy nicer.
Rating: 5
Text: The room was clean and quiet. The staff friendly and helpful (especially our late night shuttle driver!) The breakfast buffet was my favorite part, lots of fresh fruit, protein, custom omelette and great service. We will definitely be back.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel location was great. It was near the airport about 5 minutes by shuttle bus. This hotel had buses every 15 minutes which was great. Our room was nice just like the pictures. The room temp was cold but nice!
Rating: 1
Text: Room was dirty, hair left in sink and bathtub. Toilet and tub were in a tiny space of a room and sink was outside of it. VERY hard to use bathroom facilities and get ready for the day. Shower water sprayed so hard it gets the floor wet in the small room and floods the place if you are not careful. It also get the entire toilet seat wet when you shower. Water faucet handles are very hard to turn. Maintenance in this hotel was horrible. Also, I stayed 2 nights and towels were not replaced. I had to ask for towels each day as well as TOILET PAPER. I waited 20 minutes for tp and it never came so I went to the front to ask for it again. Kind of inconvenient when you REALLY need to use the bathroom. Staff were nice when you talked with them, but they seemed to busy to pay attention to you. Pool was nice and warm. So honestly swimming in the pool by myself was the only good experience. This hotel doesn't even offer free breakfast. You have to pay for everything and it is a great place if you want to empty your bank account!!!
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is very nice overall. However, there is a lacking in the attention to detail. The toilet seat was very loose, and the bolts were stripped so they couldn't be tightened for example. The worst thing that happened was when I grabbed a drink using one of the foam cups next to the coffee maker, after I took a drink of water, I realized there was a strong smell of coffee in it. When I looked in the other cup, I noticed the used coffee bag in it. I should have noticed the cups weren't wrapped in plastic, but who am I to think the cups should be fresh and clean.
