Hilton Garden Inn Columbus/Polaris
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed here for three nights on a solo trip. I had the whirlpool King suit. This is one of my favorite hotels. The room, lobby and pool were clean. Every staff member was extremely friendly and made me feel very welcomed. James was especially helpful. Going above and beyond to make sure I had everything I needed/wanted. Eric at the bar was also great! My only suggestion is the pool. It becomes so crowded (mainly with kids) in the afternoon. Even though it opens at 5am I'd suggest extending pool hours an hour for adult only swim. Definitely recommend staying here!!!
Rating: 5
Text: A decent and class hotel. Rooms are comfortable and clean. Staff were accommodating and polite.
Rating: 1
Text: BED BUGS!!!
We stayed here about 4 weeks ago. The following week my wife noticed a blood spot on the sheet on my side of the bed. We noticed a few more blood spots and then started seeing multiple smaller spots. I got up during the night 3 days ago and felt something on my back. I found that it was a bed bug so I removed the covers and found more. There were several larger and various smaller ones. I called the hotel and they said they don’t have a bed bug problem. The response seemed rehearsed and I had to insist on talking to a manager. They refused to do anything insisting that we must have gotten them elsewhere. This has been our only hotel stay for months. We’ve really not been in contact with groups of people or had contact where we could have gotten them. There eggs hatch in 6 to 10 days and it takes 100 days to reach maturity which corresponds exactly to the time frame we were there. We had a duffle bag that was left sitting on the floor while we were there and when we came home it was set on our bed until unpacked. The only place of infestation is our bed. I have absolutely no doubt that the origin was this hotel. I had to set off bug bombs and spray everything with bug spray. I had to put the mattress and box springs in bags and seal them and replace them. I asked the hotel for help with the cost and Lisa, the manager, refused. STAY AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Rating: 4
Text: Loved the pool & hot tub. Our rm was clean & nice. Liked that it we were able to cook if we wanted. Customer care was Awesome.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean hotel and staff was pleasant. I had a slight issue with my late checkout and do not disturb sign, As I was disturbed by 3 separate knocks from housecleaning. Again, the staff was pleasant and apologetic for the error in communication. I would definitely stay there again.
