Hilton Chicago/Oak Brook Suites
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed overnight at this hotel while attending a business meeting conducted in one of the conference rooms in the hotel. The rooms were very spacious suites. Everything was clean and I enjoyed the open space inside the hotel. The bathroom had a stand-up shower in addition to a traditional bathtub which I appreciated. The shower had good water pressure and unlike many instances where the floor has no non-slip costings, the shower's stone ground floor felt very safe. The room didn't seem like it had been updated in a decade or so (apart from new TVs) but I still thought everything was relatively nice. I would recommend a stay here for anyone. The conference room and food accommodations were satisfactory as well.
Rating: 5
Text: Suites are large, and comfortable, slightly older but still nice and very clean. The staff is super friendly, maid service is doing a great job. I travel all over the country every other month and I would recommend this hotel.
Rating: 3
Text: It's sort of difficult just to get to the hotel. Worst parking lot I've ever experienced. And there is absolutely nothing near by... pretty weird place for a hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: The Hilton Suites have huge rooms. Like the name suggests, each "suite" includes a separate living room and bedroom, as well as a very large bathroom with a tub and shower. The rooms are a little old, but clean. The breakfast has a good variety of choices, though if it doesn't come included with your room, it's ridiculously expensive ($20/person!). My one critique is the location. It's out by itself on a large lot and does not have any other restaurants or shopping in the immediate vacinity. They offer free shuttle service to the nearby mall, but if the shuttle is busy, it might require a wait.
Rating: 5
Text: Large and clean rooms. Some rooms may need minor renovations but did not affect our experience at the hotel. Would definitely stay at again. Service staff were very friendly and helpful.
