Hilton Kansas City Airport
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome hotel! Extremely hospitable staff. If you can, stay on one of the higher floors for a nice view. Spacious rooms with nice amenities. We visit the city fairly often so this will definitely become one of our staple stays. And there's free breakfast!!
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice and clean. Great rooms, very quiet the whole night through, even with a massive conference going on downstairs. The option of ordering food and having it brought up is fantastic, though I didn't take advantage of these services. And something that I greatly appreciated that I never realized meant so much to a hotel stay: the elevators were very quick. It made all the difference in the world knowing that going up and down the elevators would only be a minor part of an excursion.
Rating: 5
Text: The room was clean and cozy. The bed was very comfortable. The breakfast buffet was incredible! Best breakfast we've ever had at a Hilton property. The front desk and restaurant staff were all friendly and helpful. We'll definitely stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: Location is a very convenient space near the airport, and not too far from a nice outdoor shopping area. The room was nice, comfortable bed, and clean. Not enough toiletries for my husband and I to use (couple shampoos and conditioners in lieu of just one), and no replacement toilet paper. The front desk service the male shuttle driver, and the hostess at the restaurant were very good. However, one of the female shuttle drivers and the waitress in the restaurant were extremely lacking in courtesy and service. We felt rushed and as though we were an inconvenience. Plus we called for the shuttle at 2:30 like it was suggested to us to do, so they'd know to pick up at 3. Yet they didn't show up until 3:15/3:30.
Rating: 4
Text: I attended a conference here. The facilities were clean and nice, but nothing exciting. It's close to the airport so I could see that being a definite plus for some. There is a Starbucks inside which would be nice as well. I didn't have an opportunity to talk to many of the staff but what little interaction I had with them was positive. Would recommend if you are looking for a decent place near the airport.
