Hilton Garden Inn Columbia
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel has a nice area to relax downstairs with a fireplace and the rooms were nice. We got a room that had a jacuzzi tub which was very relaxing. However, once we were done with the tub and started draining it we discovered quite a bit of hair that didn't belong to my wife or I. Also, the sleep number bed did not seem to work properly and I got up with the worst back pain in the morning. Upon bringing this up to the woman at the front desk, she thanked me for sharing the information with her and informed me that they were in the process of replacing the beds. The breakfast was very good there. It is a buffet that will cost you $10 each, but they will take custom orders for eggs, French toast, and such.
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed there with a small group so the rates were fair however with the name Hilton you expect a higher standard. Can't say the rooms were clean since there was a pair of toddler pants from another guest left slightly under the bed. There was mold on the tile around the bathtub and the bathtub drained extremely slow.  Not to mention no fan in the bathroom. It's very hard not to disturb my son while he was sleeping when you have to open the door to clear the mirror of condensation. The hall noise was quite loud. The ceramic tile in both elevators is cracked and missing large chunks causing a huge hazard as you enter the elevator. Definately a liability lawsuit waiting to happen. As for the restaurant and bar there was one person responsible for waiting on tables, bartending, delivering room service all on a Saturday night at 8pm. The two front desk staff was sitting in the back room chatting while Edward was doing the best he could to get guests taken care of but it was taking a very long time to get one drink. There should have been more staff or other staff should have been offering their help instead of sitting on their butts in the back room. A couple got very upset because they couldn't get waited on in the restaurant for dinner. Edward was too busy with room service to wait on them. That's just not the standard of a Hilton. I will say all the staff was extremely friendly. I don't think I would stay at this hotel again due to the distance from the venue we were attending and there was nothing outstanding that I can't get at another hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: The Garden Center was used for a work meeting and it was very accommodating. The food was also very good.
Rating: 3
Text: Staff here is phenomenal! Nothing but positive interactions. Room quality is ok. Beds are really firm. Shower head had some build up on it and all the settings don't work. Tile work is a bit sloppy in the bathroom, pretty low quality. My biggest complaint is noise though. You can hear doors slamming from the hallway from 4am-9am. Not good if you get in late and need sleep. It's also hard to get the room dark as there's quite the gap under the door and the curtains don't close all the way. 
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed at the Columbia Hilton Garden Inn for the solar eclipse. It was a fine room and clean. The common areas were nice. The staff was friendly and welcoming
