Hilton Rosemont/Chicago O'Hare
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel.  Friendly staff, great service.  Rooms are well kept and clean.  The bed was comfortable.  They have a Starbucks in the lobby and the bar serves up great food and drinks.  Went there for a conference and the staff was excellent.
Rating: 5
Text: This place was a great place to spend the night on our way out to the airport we left the car there and we knew it was in good care. We came in and they welcomed us with friendly faces and great people. We asked him for a refrigerator they brought up right away ask for more towels they brought it right away. Wonderful View great bed. We will stay here each time we leave out of Chicago O'Hare. The shuttle to the airport was always on time. With a friendly driver always.
Rating: 2
Text: I am writing this review laying in the bed of my Hilton Rosemont room and wanted to share some of the "hidden amenities" that aren't listed online. 

Complimentary Wake Up Calls - You can expect a hammer drill to break straight through that jet lag at 8AM on the dot. 

Obstacle Course - No matter the time of day the route from your room to the elevator doors is guaranteed to be a military style obstacle course of maid carts, facilities work, and vehicle sized laundry hampers. Guaranteed variety will always keep you on your toes.

In-Room Sauna - That thermostat is just a placebo, please sit back and relax as you sweat out the stresses of your long day. 

Scientific Research Sky Bridge - What is the hottest and coldest temperatures the human body can withstand? Visit the Hilton Rosemont Sky Bridge where these two environments are generated for your enjoyment. Please allow half a day for the temperature to adjust from one extreme to the other or be sure to stop by tomorrow to enjoy the full experience. 

These amenities, and many more, absolutely clarified the exorbitant price per night of this hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: It was very close to the CTA so that we could walk to the train station to get in to Chicago. The breakfast (even though we had to pay for it) was very good. It was clean and cool. We really only spent our nights there as we wanted to play in the city. It would have been nice to enjoy the pool. It was up on the top floor with a cool view around it (not downtown Chicago, but still a cool view).
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms were clean and the bed was comfortable. I stayed on the 4th floor. I noticed at 630 am the shower was lukewarm but I think that's because of everyone taking showers at the time. I took a shower at night and it was hot. So if you don't want to compete with all the other guest for hot water shower at night lol. We had a conference at the hotel and the staff were amazing. Food was great. I had a rib eye the bar and it was amazing.
