Hilton Garden Inn Louisville Northeast
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent property in beautiful area of town. Very close to shopping & dining options. Quiet, classy, & friendly staff. Only thing keeping from a perfect stay was the beds. They had "adjustable" beds that you could allegedly turn a knob (hidden beneath the sheets) to adjust firmness/softness. But the turning this know literally did nothing. Beds in our room were very hard.
Rating: 3
Text: I visited this hotel for a conference at work that was being held here. The front desk staff was very friendly and kind. I was excited that I got an upgraded room which was super nice having my two kiddos and hubby with me. However the food here is not so good. Our first night we ordered pasta. It took forever which the guy working the bar said that they are cooking it fresh. Yet when they brought it out the noodles were like warm and the sauce was like it was poured straight from the fridge. I told the guy and what he did was put it in the microwave causing it to have cold and hot spots. The microwave made the food dry. Waiting 35 / 40 minutes I wouldn't have expected this. The food has continued to be borderline gross as my conference is providing food services by the hotel. The pool is nice and the rest of the hotel is pretty nice. However for the price it's not worth it to me. 
Rating: 4
Text: Hilton Garden Inn provided high-quality rooms with very comfortable beds and a modern chic decor. I loved the refreshments available in the lobby right as you walk in. They make you feel welcomed and taken care of. It is located within walking distance of a large outdoor strip mall and supermarket. We enjoyed our stay and will book our accommodations with them the next time we stay in Louisville!
Rating: 5
Text: Everything has been everything I have expected. Staff was nice. Breakfast was good. Room was clean. Parking was easy. Really enjoyed my stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Room 502 (suite) was incredibly superb. If you can swing it, get it. The pool was somewhat small, but perfect for what we needed. I would not suggest bringing loud children, as the echo in the pool area is pretty loud. Be aware that they removed the hot tub due to the newish ADA laws.
