Hilton Garden Inn St. Louis/O'Fallon
Rating: 3
Text: This place is super thoughtful. They know I get cold in back of the shower while the boyfriend hogs all the water so they preloaded the tub, floor, and shower walls with hair to give me that warm fuzzy feeling. It was also a delight to see they are taking the equal employment of mythical creatures bill seriously. The troll that cooked our breakfast was on great behavior though, he only grunted and never made eye contact with any guests. Although I'm not sure he is full blooded as he was quite pretty for a cave dweller. The one redeeming quality of our stay has been liz and her incredible orchestration of an entire room of breakfast patrons. She must have more than a few house elves on her staff; the tables all seemed to have 25 different items on them and she always kept up, smiling the whole time. The beds were comfy and the pool was wonderful. It was really the staff that lacked heart.... All except Liz.
Rating: 5
Text: Where can I start? Such is my luck is that I finally find a hotel that is absolutely flawless and I only had a stay for 6 hours of sleep. From the hallway good smell to the comfiest bed/pillow this is how every hotel stay should be! I'm not staying anywhere else next time I visit this area! Every penny's worth! This is it. Compare this with a 5 star hotel. Guest services could improve a little. Other than that? A free breakfast would be over the top!!! Just loved loved this hotel!
Rating: 5
Text: I am a big fan of the Hilton Garden Inn brand in general. They have nice rooms, kind staff, and a great breakfast in the morning. This particular location has recently been remodeled and the rooms have been brought up to date. It's all very nice. My double queen room had a coffee maker, microwave, mini fridge, tub/shower combo, television with satellite channels including HBO, a comfortable chair, a large desk and office chair, and plenty of different lighting options. I think I paid 130 per night.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is probably the most accommodating place we have stayed.  We travel a lot with our kids club softball teams and stay many places.  

This weekend was the first we ever traveled with pets.  We have 2 young puppies we needed to bring and the staff was very welcoming. 

We had a team pizza party Friday night.  The employees were happy to help with plates, cups, and silverware.

I highly recommend the Hilton Garden Inn I. O'Fallon.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was clean and the staff was very friendly. The rooms have black out curtains and a nice clothing and shoe storage space. I took away a star because the first room they gave us hadn't been cleaned. It was the last one on that floor and the manager gave us a new room immediately but it was annoying to have to switch rooms.
