Hilton Chicago O'Hare Airport
Rating: 4
Text: After almost 14 hours of flying the Hilton was just what we needed to refresh ourselves before continuing the next day to our final destination. Very convenient; staff was excellent, accommodations were good and the food was just what we wanted. Only complaint was the towels. Although absorbant they were thin. We have had more plush towels at Comfort Inn. A little disappointed. Highly recommend for a very convenient airport hotel.
Rating: 2
Text: The Hilton Chicago Airport  was very convenient, but staff seemed very disinterested in being helpful or kind.  Our flight was cancelled due to the hurricane and when we were checking out of hotel, clerk quickly informed us that the cost for another night would be $480....though we did not even inquire about staying another night.  One nice thing was the late checkout they allowed us which was very helpful. Room needed updating though it was pretty clean but sink stopper didn't work....Tiny room.  Not usual Hilton quality.
Rating: 2
Text: $25 for early check-in. The most negligent breakfast wait staff in Chicago (and perhaps the world). We had to take our bill to the hostess because the waiters ignored us completely. Prices in the restaurants, gift/snack shop, and business center are a tragic comedy. This hotel is actively looking for ways to give you the finger. It resents you for staying there. It resents its own existence. Two stars for convenient location, a clean room, and the friendly housekeeping staff.
Rating: 2
Text: A budget hotel at resort prices. Friendly staff last night but little else to recommend. Rooms were filthy. Toilet in first room leaked. Door in second room bathroom hit toilet. Bed uncomfortable with itchy sheets. Thermostat did not adjust temperature, only noise level. Thankfully the loud a/c muffled the house from the hallway. Definitely not worth $370/night ($434 with taxes/fees).
Rating: 3
Text: I was not impressed by this "4 star" Hilton. Prices are definetly way to high for the room menu. Valet parking is $75, if you park yourself its $40 a day. Pet friendly, but still need to pay a $50 pet fee per day.

Rooms were small and could be cleaner. The carpet and the bathroom sink could use a good cleaning. The beds were comfortable and the location of the hotel is great, if you are flying. 

All in all its an average hotel, definitely not what you would expect from a Hilton or any 4 star hotel.
