Hilton Omaha
Rating: 4
Text: My family and I ate Thanksgiving dinner here. The food was great, and the turkey was the best I've had in a long time. My only two complaints were a lack of various vegetables there (no green bean casserole) and these weird stuffing with clams. Other than that, it was great. The desserts we're amazing!
Rating: 3
Text: I'm slightly disappointed. There are no patio heaters outside,  no complimentary breakfast or coffee, no hot water in sink-barely, couldn't drink beer I bought out side of hotel in the lobby, the ATM was out of order. last call was about 1 am. I am a Hilton Honors reward member with an HH American Express. The service was great and room was nice, though. I've stayed at better Hilton's.
Rating: 2
Text: Overall good experience but rated low for cleanliness. The rooms were some of the dirtiest of all Hilton’s I’ve ever stayed in. Dirty floors, dirty sheets, dirty mirrors & toilets.
Had an incident where a family member got sick at 5:30PM & threw up in the bathroom. The first two men who came to clean it barely wiped anything down. The first man who came was also trying to joke with my 16 year old that she had been drinking or partying too hard. It was quite rude & demeaning as she sat sick as a dog on the floor just outside the bathroom. By midnight the smell had gotten so bad I requested cleaning supplies to clean it myself. A security guard named Shane came with to the room at 12:30AM & after I explained the situation, he took care of it. Came back to the room with multiple cleaners, scrubbed on his hands & knees for 15 minutes until every inch of the bathroom was clean. I think he cleaned places that hadn’t been touched in months. He was also kind & compassionate about the situation & very apologetic for the first two men who didn’t do their job. The next morning we even have vouchers for free coffee, which I’m sure was Shane’s doing because no one else seemed to care about our situation. It took 5 phone calls, 3 people & 6 hours to resolve a little throw up situation in an already dirty room.
This Hilton, at least in the room, was not comfortable; felt icky. Everything else seemed nice except the room. But had it not been for Shane on Friday night/Saturday morning, we would have left, asking for a refund.
Rating: 4
Text: I had a fine stay at the Omaha Hilton during a trade show. Everything was in pretty good shape, and the energy in the lobby/bar/restaurant are lively and inviting. Service in the restaurant was quite good.

They state no policy about sustainability (hang towels to tell cleaners to not replace, etc.), which I wish they did.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent service. Staff was professional, rooms were very clean and modern. Restaurant food was good. Gym and pool are excellent! Overall great experience!
