Hilton Garden Inn Fort Wayne
Rating: 5
Text: I wanted to let you know how fantastic you and your crew were this past weekend. 06/23/17, 06/24/2017, 06/25/2017

During the late evenings, of both Friday and Saturday, our family gathered back at the lobby each night.  While we were told you, were happy we choose to gather in the lobby area, versus our room, it was indeed getting to be quite time.  Many of us do not see each other, but once a year.  So quite time is hard, as well all laugh a lot.  I guess we were good, because we never had any issues.  Thank you for allowing us that extra time together.  I was also told by one other family member who stayed, that he wanted a cold beer when he checked in, but the bar was not open for another 30 minutes.  He was offered a beer, by I believe you Ricky, which thrilled him to pieces.  Customer service at its BEST!

Saturday breakfast, was arranged to be in private room with our own buffet.  How nice that your staff did that.  Food was delicious, and we were lacking nothing.

Sunday breakfast, we were in the main lobby, but it was no problem.  Very efficient server and supervisor again took care of all of our needs.

While I did not personally speak to housekeeping, our room was very clean upon arrival, and again cleaned during our stay.
Rating: 5
Text: This was my family first time staying at this hotel and it was very clean,and a we had a pleasant stay.The rooms were spacious,staff were very helpful and courteous.The food was good ,family enjoyed the spa and pool. I even enjoy workout time!we will visit again!
Rating: 4
Text: Kat has left! The best front desk clerk I have ever met, no longer works here. I'm hoping that the new folks can be half as good.
Rating: 5
Text: I love staying here! I come to town every other week and I always stay at this hotel! The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly and the front desk supervisor Ricky is very helpful and personable! Because of the staff alone I will continue to call this place home away from home!
Rating: 4
Text: Great place with clean rooms but WiFi would not work. Very good prices though. Clean. Nice staff. 
