Hilton Garden Inn Lincoln Downtown/Haymarket
Rating: 4
Text: A nice clean hotel right across from Husker football stadium. The staff is friendly and beds are comfy.
Only complaint is we have a running tally of how many times we hit our shins on the bed base. Be warned, haha.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel and staff were superb! Very clean and well presented. Only complaint was the fact that only parking near the hotel was 15 a night and breakfast, while delicious and lots of custom options, was 10.95. Neither of these were brought up to me until I was paying for them. But I could have found this info myself if I had researched it so my fault as well!
Rating: 5
Text: The service we received from the staff at this hotel is some of the best hotel service I have ever received. Every staff member we encountered was above and beyond kind, courteous and helpful. We arrived over an hour before check in and asked if we could get in our room early. There was not a room ready yet which was totally fine but the gentleman at the front desk apologized profusely and gave us free parking and two free drinks to make up for it - we got free stuff for showing up over an hour early for our reservation! Unheard of. The staff at breakfast made sure our every need was taken care of. Overall, so impressed with the experience we had. Would definitely stay again if we find ourselves in Lincoln.
Rating: 3
Text: My family and I stopped on our way home from a family vacation for the night. We got in late and I appreciated that I could check in late. The facilities were beautiful and the room was nice. I was frustrated that I had to pay an extra $15 on top of what I was already paying for the room just to park. The extra taxes and fees weren't over the top, but cold cereal and fruit was going to cost my children $7 for each child in the morning. This is a nice location and if you are in town on business, it's no big deal to spend all the extra money for these little charges, but it's definitely not family friendly.
Rating: 4
Text: Parking situation is bad. Tried 3 different keycards to get in and out of parking garage. Only 1 worked and it only worked once then failed. Tried to just pay for parking directly but garage was full. Hotel itself and amenities were superb.
