Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Lima
Rating: 4
Text: Nice people working here. Not the cleanest elevators or floors. But house keeping is good. Internet needs to be better tho. It's not fast enough during peak hours.
Rating: 2
Text: Maybe just a fluke, but my room smelled like smoke and the cable was out or really fuzzy. I asked if I could switch rooms but there were none remaining. I booked last minute. They were doing a lot of construction on the second floor so it may be a nice stay on the second floor in the future. The front desk clerk Layne was very polite and welcoming.
Rating: 2
Text: My experience staying at this hotel left a lot to be desired. It started off by making my reservation online because I'm IHG rewards member. When I got to the hotel, they had already run my credit card before I checked in.  When I asked if I could put it on a different card, they said yes but it may take a little bit to get the funds back to my first card... so both of my cards would have money tied up, until they could credit me back the funds in the first card. I have never experienced something like this. Every other hotel that I've ever stayed at, charges my card at the time of checking out.  I continue to my room and my non-smoking room, smells like smoke. I bring this to the  attention of the concierge because im sensitive to the smell and there's a sign in the room stating that there will be $150 charge to the card for smoking in any room. After the first charge to my credit card, I wanted to make sure they weren't going to add this charge to my bill as well. Instead of offering me a true non- smoking room, the concierge sent an employee up to spray the room with air freshener... not getting rid of the smell, but instead, just adding to it.  As he sprayed the room, he also sprayed the bathroom... covering toilet seat with spray and leaving it completely wet...he then left as though the problem had between fixed. This all occurred within the first 15 min of being there... and the experience didn't get better. I would NOT recommend staying at this hotel... there are plenty of other options and no one should have to experience something like I did, especially for the rate that they charge.
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms are spacious and have complete darkness. Bed are way above average for a hotel. The on site restaurant has good food. Only draw back is no continental breakfast.
Rating: 5
Text: Hotel is really clean. I would totally think about it again if I was to stay in Lima. Would recommend to a friend.
