Holiday Inn Express Warrensburg
Rating: 3
Text: My wife is stationed at the AFB near by and we stay here often. Some of the rooms can have a very strong musty order to them and the floors need a good scrubbing. Other then that, the pool in nice and love the free popcorn. Also has a couple of old school arcade games.
Rating: 3
Text: Very friendly staff, great breakfast and great location write off the highway.  My main complaint was the matress on our bed was not comfortable.  I felt like I was going down hill towards the middle of the bed.
Rating: 3
Text: Decent rooms, staff was friendly, definitely needs some serious updating, I used 15k IHG points for this and got about 4 hours sleep due to "new" AC units freezing when it was set to 68 overnight, asked if they could give me a reasonable amount of points vs cash back for the trouble, gave me 1k points....I think this night should have been 10k vs 15k. It's not anywhere near most holiday inn experiences I have had. Again, staff for most part polite, hotel, eh...
Rating: 2
Text: No hot tub. Don't believe the website. It hasn't been usable for at least 6 months.  We checked in, keys didn't work. Go back down, two other people with the same problem. Third time with keys, the clerk comes with us to open the door. It's a joke. A little maintenance could fix these issues, not going to happen, they're building a new one instead. Maybe the stuff will work in the new place. I won't be there to find out.
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointed. Went for family weekend
1. The hotel already hikes prices up to $159 a night for special weekends which would make sense if it compared to the newer hotels but its not, its old and needs an update
2. Wifi is a joke
3. Understaffed at important times; example, dealt with a front desk employee on a Saturday night when the hotel is full who was crabby and customer service skills were horrible.   If your gonna charge me $350 for 2 nights you better have a wine opener and an extra sheet when asked,  however breakfast was met with 3 employees that lurked around and made you feel like they were judging every move you make or had a smart ass comment.
3. Didn't get an idemized bill but $50 plus in fees or taxes is little steep?  Plus the $50 plus they hold after you leave for any damages.
