Holiday Inn Express & Suites Hays
Rating: 4
Text: Nice room, good breakfast, fine place. One thing is silly. This was in the middle of Midwest and $140 a night, they had a printed envelope in the room asking for tips for their house cleaners. Give them a raise. Why should we be expected to give them money for doing their job. Give them a raise.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice room. Coldest mini fridge I have ever seen. Cold enough to freeze a bottle of water, lemonade, coke to slushy consistency on the door not even in the middle. I loved it. Great night sleep also.
Rating: 5
Text: One of the better upscale motels in the area at a fair rate with a lot more privilege and open rains of the hole facility. I highly recommend this spot if your looking for a quite night or a fun filled one.. Staff is like family.
Rating: 4
Text: So hotels located north of I-70 on the main road. The interior was very clean and nice and modern. The room itself was very neat and clean and seem to be up to date with your typical Hotel. Overall the experience was good however I do believe the price was a little expensive. If you stay at this hotel expect to pay a base of $150 but by the time you get out the door it's $175.
Rating: 1
Text: So, it's way too expensive for where it's located. They slip a paper under your door with one price then charge you $25 more than that. We stayed in the suite and the bed was broken. It sagged down in the middle and was very uncomfortable. We didn't call the receptionist because our kids were already asleep and didn't want to have to move them. We called in the morning and the manager was nice enough to offer to refund half the cost..... But then she charged us instead of refunding us... Not only did she charge us the original over the receipt amount but also the amount that was supposed to be refunded... twice!!!! So instead of our room being $115... We were charged $258. Then they blamed us... Corporate office was also rude. Pay the extra $10 and find a Best Western.... They've really stepped up their game... Better rooms, better breakfast, and better attitudes!!!
