Holiday Inn St Louis SW - Route 66
Rating: 4
Text: Attended a conference. Rooms were spacious and not crowded at all. Occasional distractions with staff in the back refilling food and beverages. PA system made it a little difficult to hear in the back corners of the room. Breakfast was unimpressive (we're adults, not toddlers. Please offer us at least bagel halves and not these tiny bite sized pieces. We really can handle it). Lunch was fantastic. Loved the snacks offered in between. Overall, good experience.
Rating: 4
Text: The location is very convenient. The rooms are well appointed and spacious. Each interaction with the staff has been pleasant. The elevators are very small which has been mildly difficult when other guests have luggage carts in the elevator. Overall, an excellent stay!
Rating: 5
Text: I attended an event early in the day, before noon. It was very quiet, but both the clients and employees I encountered seemed quite pleasant. It was clean and tidy and smelled clean, not always the case. The needs of the clients in the conference room were met swiftly. I noticed the glassware had no water spots. Odd perhaps but indicative of the attention to detail. Overall a pleasant experience.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is considered as Pet Friendly, so the rooms have no carpet. This made seeing dust bunnies and hair from people or pets fairly easy. The rooms were smaller than ones we are used to seeing and we were told the needs were queen size but they were actually doubles. The fitted sheets did not fit properly; the elastic bands were approximately 2" above the bottom of the mattress and a couple small holes on one bed. The dorm fridge cabinet was in need of repair, as it had a hole and chipped wood particles. I didn't really do a full blown inspection since it was so late and no other rooms available but when I spend $139.95 plus 9.75% local tax and another 7.25% tourism tax, I expect better quality. What I got looked a few steps better then the road side signs saying "from $39.99" and there was no breakfast, nor even continental though they did give you the hours fir the restaurant in the other end.  After driving all day we had limited options and the next closest Holiday Inn with rooms available was about another 100 miles down the road. This "Pet Friendly" hotel should concentrate more on being People Friendly. 

On a more positive note, the mattress was a pillow top and was actually comfortable but the base was squeaking every time I moved, which kept my very light sleeping spouse awake so she didn't rest well. I though for sure a hotel with this name in a major city like STL and Route 66 would have been in better condition just for the tourism and attractions. 

As a motorcycle enthusiasts, my final words to my fellow riders, "Biker Beware!"
Rating: 3
Text: Older hotel.  Rooms nice but small bathrooms.  Poor shower in our room.  Hot water was warm with very low flow.  Not enough water flow.  Otherwise was a good stay.
