Holiday Inn Express & Suites London
Rating: 1
Text: I only gave them one star because I am not sure this would go through if I gave them none.

I had to stay up all night because of this place.

Had reward night booked and had confirmation number.   But, somehow the points did not get through to the hotel desk from Priority Club.

I showed the desk person my confirmation email that showed I had been charged 15,000 points, as the hotel wanted.

Now, as a very successful salesperson, I can tell you that there is only one proper procedure for this sort of problem.   

Take care of the customer immediately and deal with internal company problems afterwords.

Instead, I was somehow made to feel that the whole
problem was my fault.   She insisted I call and get it straightened out.  Her manager, whom she called apparently agreed.   

It was very early in the morning, about 5am and all I wanted was to go to bed.

 But, I was not allowed to check in at all.   I waited while the parent company and this desk clerk talked for about 45 min., and finally decided the whole thing was so outlandish it wasn't worth it, that it was morning anyway.   So, I told them to forget it.
Rating: 1
Text: This place may be called a holiday inn but it certainly fell short of my expectations. Was not the cleanest, poorly prepared room. Front desk person had his feet up and never stood up or greeted us. We left at went down to discuss our room at 5AM and no one around. We left at 530, still no one. And we were charged a higher rate than what was on the internet. Will not go back.
Rating: 2
Text: Upon arrival the smell of bleach from the pool is overwhelming. The desk clerk wasn't friendly at all although he did allow us to switch rooms later due to an unknown odor in the room.  We woke up with slamming headaches early in the morning. 
The rooms appeared clean and have been updated but something's just not right in the air.
Holiday Inn Express is a little pricey for the accommodations offered.
Rating: 5
Text: Made the wrong room selection for our necessary number of beds and they were very accommodating and changed the room for us. The continental breakfast was above average compared to other hotels. Inside of the hotel and rooms appears to have been redone in the past couple years so everything us new.
Rating: 1
Text: BECAUSE OF THIS HOTEL, I WILL NEVER STAY AT A  HOLIDAY INN AGAIN.  Worse place ever.  DO NOT stay here.  Desk clerk named KYLE is a consummate liar.  The breakfast sweet roll I bit into had a hair in it.  I paid for my one-night stay with Priority Points, but was charged $250.  Can someone there explain this?  I should not have been charged ANYTHING.  Not only are these people liars, but they are thieves.  No coffee at all, and not much breakfast.  Internet service didn't work, neither did the WiFi.  I think I will report this hotel and its owner to the Kentucky Attorney General.  THIS PLACE SHOULD BE CLOSED.  STAY AWAY.
