Holiday Inn Effingham
Rating: 5
Text: My family and I stayed here on our way back to Chicago from South Carolina. I haven't stayed at Holiday Inn since I was a kid. I was pleasantly surprised with all the nice updates, the rooms were pleasantly decorated, very clean and the staff is friendly. My son accidentally broke a dish at the counter when eating breakfast and they were very kind and gracious about it. I then realized I had forgotten my Kindle under my pillow when I got home I called the hotel and left a message with the manager Heather. When my voicemail with our address was accidentally deleted she graciously mailed it back to me after my phone follow up call FedEx at no charge. That kind of service definitely encourages me to stop back there for another stay when we travel back to South Carolina. 
Rating: 5
Text: We ended up stopping in Effingham after a long days drive. We had no reservations and stopped at another hotel before going to the Holiday Inn. The other hotel was a little cheaper, but fully booked. We drove over to the Holiday Inn and was lucky to get a room! 

The lobby area was clean, modern and beautiful. The desk receptionist was very warm and helpful at check in. The room was clean, updated and comfortable. The small details were really nice in the room- upgraded toiletries (including a face toilette and mouthwash) a top cover on the bed that wasn't just a sheet, but a textured duvet cover and outlets on the lamps. Yes, these are all minutiae, but make the difference. I am happy we were able to experience this holiday inn! We will stay there again if passing through.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I needed to stay one night without a reservation and was given a King bed room with a whirlpool tub. The bed was extremely comfortable and the whirlpool was great! The walls seemed well insulated so it was nice and quiet throughout the night. I recommend staying here.
Rating: 1
Text: Upon initial check in the front desk lady was very rude when a guest asked about a veterans discount even though we stayed on Veterans Day and a veterans discount is offered. No complimentary breakfast is offered which we expected since it’s a Holiday Inn. And when we went somewhere else to eat breakfast at 8 am and got back at 9:30 am they were already cleaning out our room even though check out is at noon. We pay to be here until noon and when we got back to the room all our food and drinks were thrown away as well as a couple $30 phone chargers. When we asked for an explanation  both the house keeper and the front desk woman were incredibly rude and even argued with us. They said if they knock and no one answers they will clear out the room. We still had things in the closet and the TV on and we had not checked out yet. So now it’s two hours before check out and when we were planning to leave and we have no where to go except to sit in the car. I didn’t realize this was one of those hotels where you pay by the hour.
Rating: 2
Text: Very clean hotel and rooms. Comfy beds. THE MUSIC THOUGH... My wife and I are celebrating our anniversary and wanted to be away from home in peace and quiet but there's an extremely loud, live band playing damn near outside our window. I had a long drive today and all I want is to rest, but not even the sound from the AC can drown out the guitar noise and the singing/screaming. Would never have stayed here if I knew it was like that ?
