Holiday Inn Express & Suites Brighton Downtown
Rating: 3
Text: I recently staid in the honeymoon suite for two nights here, the night before my wedding and then on my wedding night. First let me say that the cleaning staff was very nice, as well as the staff that handled the breakfast area each morning. However, the front desk staff was impolite as I checked in and I heard that this was the same for many of my guests.  This on top of the fact that they missed half of the people that called in to book a room within our block, so when I asked for a list it wasn't complete was very disappointing. The room obviously had not been scheduled to be cleaned before I checked in, everything was dusty and felt dingy. The honeymoon suite could really use an update, the ceiling is cracked across the one side and the jacuzzi tube in the middle of the room has tiles that are cracked, missing or about to fall off, the sofa was stained and the mini fridge extremely loud. The most frustrating part of the whole experience was that the hotel dumpster is right outside the honeymoon suite room window, I know this because the trash was collected at 3:00a the morning after my wedding! My husband and I were exhausted and hadn't returned back to the room until 1:00a, and to be woken up at 3:00a by the dump truck emptying the dumpsters was infuriating. I would not recommend this location to anyone, even though I have had nothing but great experiences at other locations.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I recently stayed in the hotel in Brighton to attend a funeral. We drove from Minnesota to Brighton and stayed for two nights. I have to say that I have traveled a lot and have never met a staff more dedicated to the customer. Jessica at the front desk helped us with rates and went the extra mile to assure we were satisfied. Chip in Maintenance went out of his way to find my wife a shower cap. Overall all the staff was exceptional. All hotels should model themselves after a staff like this. The room was clean the hotel well organized and I was totally impressed. Thanks to all the staff.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed at this hotel for a wedding. Our room was just a normal 2 bed queen, non-suite. Nice small room with a mini fridge and comfortable beds. Continental breakfast was bomb, with biscuits and gravy, sausage, bacon, omelettes, cinnamon rolls, bagels, dounuts, coffee, juice and more! Would definitely recommend to anyone.
Rating: 4
Text: Average for what you would expect from a holiday inn. Breakfast seemed to be a little to old/ dry but hotel room was still clean and comfy
Rating: 4
Text: Staying here as an extended guest. The staff is very friendly. The room is the biggest one they have, and near the pool. Beds at comfortable. The sink is so small for being the only one in the room. It is very humid, assuming it is because of the pool. The air only goes into the bedroom, not the sitting room. Breakfast is good and lots of variety too choose from. Convenient location to everything.
