Holiday Inn Express Crestwood
Rating: 1
Text: Booked a Jacuzzi suite for sweeties  day got bumped for wedding party then gives a handicap room for compensation.  not  recommending for return this is appauling/room  wreaked  open season for anyone to walk in don't  bother for breakfast
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed at Holiday Inn for four nights. I had a room with king bed. Service is excellent, you get good selection of food for breakfast. I would stay here again
Rating: 3
Text: Upon arrival, this hotel had the normal appearance. Front desk staff was nice. I arrived late Friday night and previously called ahead to confirm late check-in. My room was fine: standard double beds, office area, tv, and a window. The tub was slightly discolored. What I immediately noticed while trying to sleep was other guest doors slamming and shaking my room. A few times I looked to see if someone had broken into my room...That's how loud it was. The next evening, there were kids constantly running up and down the halls. Once I reported this to the front desk, it was immediately addressed. I checked out foreday Sunday morning. When I went to check out, there was no one at the front desk. After 15 minutes, a couple walked in through the doors to see the "Sold Out" sign on the desk. I was concerned that the front desk was unattended and the front entrance was open!!!!!!! I even picked up the courtesy phone a couple of times but it only rang the abandoned front desk. Then, 2 guys came in stating that the woman at the front desk went to see if their room was available. It had been 20 minutes with no one at the front desk. Finally, the woman returned and asked whether I wanted to check out. She had what appeared to be red syrup or maybe even blood on her forearm. Strange! I took my receipt and got out of there. Did not count the noise from kids against them as things happen. But the noisy doors and strange front desk disappearance were what my issues were.
Rating: 5
Text: Great experience here! Accommodations were clean and quiet. Would definitely stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: Standard hotel, nothing special about it and nothing that separates it from another hotel besides price. Beds are comfy, though firm, room heat/ac works great (wall/window unit). Bathroom was not clean, obvious signs of this. Unlike other hotels I've stayed at that I feel are direct competitors, holiday in express lacks enough outlets/USB ports to charge/user devices.
