Holiday Inn Express & Suites Hazard
Rating: 2
Text: Requested low floor...got 3rd. Requested King..got double. Tv channel guide isn’t even CLOSE...it’s like they just made it up. Next year it’ll be HAMPTON INN!
Rating: 1
Text: I have rented this hotel on several occasions for my daughter's sleepovers for her birthday, birthday parties for my daughter, while my house was being repaired and we have always had a great overnight stay.  This time was a little different.  Not long after entering the room one evening we heard a knock on the door. Thinking it was some kids we had seen we ignored it.  "Very" soon after ignoring the knock someone immediately proceeds to enter our rented room without me opening the door.  I was lucky to have the extra lock across the door barring it from further entry.  As my daughter and I were shaken I ran to the door thinking we are getting broken into.  As I peeped out it was the cleaning lady.  I slightly open the door asking if I can help her.  She oddly asked if we needed more towels. Now to my knowledge, if u are renting a room...u aren't supposed to be just walked in on whether you work there or not???? Right???  Always has been great experience before. I don't know what happened. I'll probably start taking my business somewhere else.
Rating: 1
Text: Room was nice and clean! BUT if you have anything at any worth DO NOT LEAVE IT IN YOUR ROOM. My husband accidentally left my bathroom bag with a lot of high dollar cosmetics and hygiene items in it and when I went to pick it up everything that had good value was gone! Makeup with a total value of 200+ dollars and shower items are gone! They placed my razor in my bag from the shower but my body wash & shaving cream is gone. The integrity of the staff is very questionable so I will not be returning. 
Rating: 5
Text: The location is great. Straight across the road from Wal-Mart and a bunch of fast food places.
Rating: 2
Text: Dirty. It has been a long time since the carpets in the common areas have been vacuumed let alone cleaned. My room had a large stain on the leather chair which I spotted immediately upon entering the room. You pay for the holiday inn express name but do not get the quality you'd expect. Management and staff need to be replaced frankly.
