Holiday Inn Express & Suites Chicago-Oswego
Rating: 1
Text: I had a block of ten rooms for my wedding. We did not use all of the rooms. My wife and I planned to go back to stay at the hotel after the wedding. I checked in prior to the wedding and just got the keys to the room. This was around 4:00pm and was told the room wasn’t ready but I figured it was okay because we’d go back later and I’d see the room. Our wedding got crashed so we decided to stay at home and not at the hotel that night. I went back and returned the keys and when I asked if since I never even saw the room If there was any way I could get my money back the front desk attendant said to call the sales manager on Monday morning and he’d likely give refund the room given the circumstances. I called Monday morning and was told that because all of the rooms in the hotel were sold I couldn’t get a refund. I will be getting in contact with corporate to see if there are any other options. If not I will not be staying at this or any other holiday inn ever again. Hotel is also difficult to get to and very isolated. For the price I paid I could’ve gotten a room in a much nicer hotel.
Rating: 3
Text: Room wasn't ready at check in because there were "a lot of early check ins that day".  Sat in the lobby waiting for about a half hour with another lady who was told the same thing.  When I got into my room there was a dirty towel on the floor of the bathroom.  Not really a huge deal but the management explained this happened because the housekeeper was "hurrying to get the room done".  Look, if you don't have enough help to get your rooms done by check in, hire some more people.  Room itself was relatively clean, but the room felt dated.  Do yourself a favor and just avoid IHG all together.  There are plenty of other hotels at the same price point that are far nicer.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice and quiet. Staff was professional. The room was clean and had good amenities. I would definitely recommend this hotel to others.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean. Friendly. Well organized rooms. Late night front desk attendant needs some improvement.
Rating: 5
Text: Fast, friendly and attentive desk staff. My room was clean and well appointed. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.
