Holiday Inn Cleveland-Airport
Rating: 5
Text: If anyone is looking for a great deal on hotels you can check it out on HotelRaven.  com Booked this hotel on there and they had the cheapest rates around...

Don't fool your self this hotel looks nothing like the picture!!!it is dirty smells like pee and cigarette smoke. Didn't want to remove our shoes the carpet looked so dirty. We had to use our own pillows and blankets I didn't want my kids to use the hotel blankets and pillows. Then threw them away. Bathroom was small and the shower curtain was nasty. If it wasn't  because we had been on the road for 13 hours I wouldn't of staid there. The elevator sounds like it's going to break down any day. we where stuck for a couple seconds but long enough for my kids to freak out. The breakfast was horrible dirty plates I had a muffin I had to spit it out right away it tastes horrible!!! My recommendation STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place. Nice affordable  convenient and clean. My husband and I loved the weekend getaway we had here and lots of things to do locally here 
Rating: 4
Text: Now called Four Points by Sheraton. The stay was great and the food at the restaurant was amazing!
Rating: 1
Text: Don't fool your self this hotel looks nothing like the picture!!!it is dirty smells like pee and cigarette smoke. Didn't want to remove our shoes the carpet looked so dirty. We had to use our own pillows and blankets I didn't want my kids to use the hotel blankets and pillows. Then threw them away. Bathroom was small and the shower curtain was nasty. If it wasn't  because we had been on the road for 13 hours I wouldn't of staid there. The elevator sounds like it's going to break down any day. we where stuck for a couple seconds but long enough for my kids to freak out. The breakfast was horrible dirty plates I had a muffin I had to spit it out right away it tastes horrible!!! My recommendation STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Staff was very friendly, room was nice (shower was great),hotel was conveniently located near transportation to downtown. We arrived at midnight and we're greeted by Derek behind the desk. He was extremely friendly and took care of getting us into our room quickly, I really didn't expect someone to be on their game at midnight but he was; made for a great first impression. When we asked what would be the best way to get downtown, Derek told us about the subway across the street from the hotel. He knew that an all day pass was $5 and that the trains ran until 3am. In the morning we asked about directions to get to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, the lady behind the desk printed off a map for us.  The restaurant staff was friendly and the food was decent. The lady who served us breakfast also brought us each a travel cup with a lid so we could take a coffee to go, so unexpected but appreciated.  The price for the hotel was approximately $100. I would stay here again. 
