Holiday Inn Express & Suites Dayton-Huber Heights
Rating: 4
Text: * I stayed in a king suite on the 3rd floor in room 319*

Room is nice, the decor is cute with a colorful couch. There is a mini fridge and the air conditioner works well.

The bathroom was kind of gross. At first it looked fine but when I went to use the shower I noticed a medium length brown hair (I have long blonde hair as you can see from my picture) stuck to the curtain with what appeared to be dried shampoo or something. The bottom of the tub felt a bit scummy as well. There was also several short brown hairs on the edge of the tub. Then when I went to get out I noticed a few more strands of hair just sitting next to the toilet, then more behind the door, then a couple more on some clean towels. Mind you it isn't clumps of hair but it's something that could have easily been cleaned if a quick wipe, sweep or vacuum was done. It just makes me wonder if the bathroom was swept or cleaned at all.

Aside from the bathroom, the room itself was nice. It has nice a cute couch with a coffee table and desk. The room has a mini fridge and a microwave for guests to use and lots of lamps to keep the room well lit. Bed was clean and had nice large pillows.

The front desk staff was very friendly checking us in and out as well.

I did not get up in time for breakfast so I unfortunately cannot comment on that.

Overall I'd say if you're looking for a quick place to stay this place isn't bad. Maybe bring earplugs for the morning because for some odd reason other guests seem to like to have loud conversations in the hallways at 730 in the morning, and you can hear them outside as well. That isn't the hotels fault though, just a tip.
Rating: 1
Text: Unfortunately, we cannot offer a good review of this location's business practices!  We performed several services for them over the past several months, at their request, and they have not paid us for those services.  What kind of company solicits work, then fails to pay!  I question their work ethic and their commitment to quality when they treat their vendors in this manner!
Rating: 4
Text: Everything you need for a quick stay. Breakfast bar has continental mainstays and hot food options including cinnamon buns, eggs, sausage, pancakes. My room on the third floor had a fold down shower seat, removable showerhead, and stability bars. Disability friendly. Only downside... Watch out right in front of the elevator. The entrance door to the pool is right there, and I slipped and fell on the wet floor. Poor architectural design. 
Rating: 1
Text: Pool, although indoors, was Freezing Cold! Hot water took a long time to get warm. Bed was mostly comfortable, but less than other Holiday Inn Expresses I've stayed at. Towels were scratchy. Lack of ample parking in the front, but the sign in the back is sure to tell you they don't take responsibility for theft from your vehicles. Back door was also broken & would not open from outside. Card readers stopped working prior to checkout. I'm sure I'm forgetting something, but you get the point...
Staff was friendly & room was stocked with all the usual toiletries, at least.
Rating: 2
Text: Rooms and hallways smells like smoke.  Checked in and all my garbage cans were on the desk and countertops.  If staying for the airport, Tipp city Holiday inn Express was much better.
