Holiday Inn Lincoln Southwest
Rating: 5
Text: I wanna just start by saying ERIN WHITE is hands down the best customer services person I have ever had the pleasure of working with. We got married this past weekend and she went above and beyond through the whole process to make sure we had everything we needed!! ERIN thank you so much. I recommend this holiday inn to anyone. Rooms are clean and service is great!
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Lincoln Southwest for 3 days while attending our Granddaughter's wedding.  We were very pleased with this hotel.  It is reasonably priced, exceptionally clean, new, quiet and comfortable.  It is near a large shopping mall and has easy driving access to major business and sports centers in Lincoln.  We had an excellent breakfast in the bar-grill one morning.  The indoor pool and exercise center is very nice but we did not have an opportunity to use them.  We would stay there again if we ever return to Lincoln.
Rating: 4
Text: Attended a social gaming event. The conference room is spacious, has a comfortable climate, and is well lit. Staff is very hard to come by during events though. This is the 2nd event I've attended at the Holiday Inn and both times I have mentioned that the bathroom needed to be tended to and trash needed to be emptied in the conference room but it was not taken care of either time. Great location, poor service.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could rate a 0 here I would. I have been trying to get ahold of the event coordinator at this hotel for three weeks to discuss booking rooms for a wedding, shuttle, etc, and have gotten no returned call. I have left 5 voicemails and sent 3 emails. Every time I call the front desk they send me to the lady's extension and I leave a voicemail but get no reply. Last time I called, I asked if the lady even works there anymore. Apparently she does so I requested that I speak with a manager instead. The weekend manager was supposed to call the following morning, and (surprise) no call. I will be using a different hotel and I am VERY disappointed with the service I have gotten here. I absolutely do not recommend.
Rating: 3
Text: Very nice and comfortable rooms. The only negative experience was while trying to reserve a room on a wedding block, but that was likely just one person not doing their job. Overall I would stay here again.
