Holiday Inn Express & Suites Indianapolis Dtn-Conv Ctr Area
Rating: 4
Text: I always enjoy staying at this hotel. They are close enough to walk downtown but they also have a free shuttle to take you around which is great. Rooms are very comfy and modern with everything you need. This one's under construction for now but otherwise it's great! Parking costs $18 per night but at least they have a place for you.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed at this hotel in October 2017, when they were in the process of renovating.  I had the good fortune of staying on a floor that had clearly recently been renovated.  The new design/decor are nice and modern; my room was spacious and comfortable.  My room came with a refrigerator and small microwave, along with the usual creature comforts - plenty of desk space, closet space, etc.  The stay was expensive due to a number of events taking place in Indy that weekend, but I would stay here again in a heartbeat.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed in this hotel on a business trip to Indianapolis, and I am extremely happy with my choice. 
The hotel facility is new and 100% excellently maintained. Decoration and lighting are very modern and comforting. Location is great, it is within 5 min walking distance to Indianapolis convention center and numerous restaurants. 
The stuff went extra miles to make me feel welcomed. Upon check in, I received a handwritten welcome note from the hotel manager Chrissy. The front desk pleasantly greeted me every time I passed by the lobby. Especially after a night jogging, the front desk stuff offered me the yogurt from their breakfast fridge. 
Their price is very cost-effective for such a prime location. 
I highly recommend this hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: My husband and I and another couple stayed here during GenCon, a convention that happens in Indianapolis each year. There are over 60,000 people in town for the weekend and it becomes a mad house. The hotel was clean and modern. The staff was so friendly and welcoming. I didn't think they would be able to keep up with the coffee and fruit infused water, but it was always available. This wasn't my first choice based on location to the convention, but now having stayed here, I am reconsidering my plan for 2018. On-site parking was a very fair price as compared to other hotels and this location was easy to get in and out of for local sightseeing. Overall, I give it four stars. For the type of value stay it was the amenities that they promised were all available and good service should be recognized.
Rating: 5
Text: Very welcoming upon arrival.  Stayed in a newly updated room which was great. Room temperature control system was excellent for heating or cooling the room quickly. Nice linens on the beds.  Not your stiff, nylon bedspread.  Complimentary breakfast provided a wide variety of food from hot to cold food items.
