Holiday Inn Des Moines-Airport/Conf Center
Rating: 4
Text: Another solid year for our professional conference. Food was good. Conference facilities clean and nice. I look forward to more years. The round atrium is consistently too warm, even with the sun blocking cover. The hotel part of the hotel is nowhere near as nice.as the conference center and welcome area.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff was very nice and accommodating during their remodeling. The remodeling is much needed as the hotel is showing its age in some areas, especially the elevators.

Where the remodeling has been completed it is more modern and up to date. When they have completed the remodeling it will be a nice place.

I don't know if they rooms have been remodeled as of this post or not but I don't think they have since they show their age. That said, the hotel room I had was nice, clean and warm feeling. If the rooms have been updated they definitely need to relook at the sink counter top and carpeting. The bathroom was on the small side for me. 

Overall considering the remodeling, which isn't a factor in my rating since it is an improvement, but since the rooms still seem dated and bathroom is on the small side I gave a four star rating.

I would stay here again and I would recommend to others. The rate per night was comparable to other similar types of hotels in the area. I like the proximity and ease of access to the airport too. Plenty of free parking. They also have airport shuttle service and be sure to call ahead to let them know your flight arrival details.
Rating: 4
Text: This is pretty decent for the price. The hotel could definitely use some more updating. The rooms are nice, but they just need to remodel them. The staff is great, and the conference area is very nice.
Rating: 4
Text: Bed was very comfortable, room was clean, shower worked great, staff was quite friendly and helpful. Only problem was that with the large gaps around the door, it let quite a bit of light in from the hallway and I could hear every little noise in the hallway. Whenever people walked or talked in the hall, it was like it was happening in my room. Also, my room was right next door to the ice machine and so every few minutes there was a loud crunch noise as a new batch of ice fell inside the machine. The walls between rooms were not very sound-proof either as I could hear everything that the guests in the adjacent rooms were doing, from adjusting their blinds to using the restroom to watching TV, etc. This wasn't so much a problem in the late afternoon when the neighborhood was busy and there was lots of ambient white noise, but after dark when everything else quieted down the noises from the hallway and adjacent bedrooms became very noticeable. Couldn't get to sleep until after midnight because of the noise and once people started walking through the halls at 5 or 6 am, I was woken up and couldn't get back to sleep. Also woke up with a few bug bites, but I wouldn't be able to prove if I got those in the room or before I got to the hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: Great venue for any conference or meeting. The management is awesome and the facilities are very nice! I have been impressed with every event I've attended at the Airport Holiday Inn/Conference Center.
