Holiday Inn Express Lexington-Sw (Nicholasville)
Rating: 5
Text: Location is close to the highway and an easy drive to and from the airport. If you are in town for training I recommend staying at this location. Staff is very friendly and professional. Rooms are very clean and the continental breakfast is better here than at other hotels I have stayed at. They are military friendly here!
Rating: 1
Text: Terrible management!!! Booked a hotel room telling them I'll be paying cash and they booked the room for me! After a 3 hour drive there I go to check in and I'm told I can't pay in cash! Call corporate office and he calls front desk after being on phone with corporate for 30 minutes he gets back on and apologize and said it's taken care of!! So I get off phone and talk to front desk clerk for her to tell me she's so sorry!!! In the mean Time the hotel manager texts the front desk clerk and tells her to tell me that there's a comfort Inn up the road!!! How professional is That! Have been a member with them since 2010 and have paid cash several times!! I am a military wife!!! This Holiday Inn Express is located in Nicholasville, Kentucky!! I have to leave a star to post this but I wouldn't leave none if I didn't have to!!!
Rating: 3
Text: Price was ok, customer service pleasant, room smelled bad, real bad. As did hallways and elevator. Front counter want always manned by anyone, didn't encounter issues, just an observation.
Rating: 4
Text: We were initially placed in the first floor room directly next to the elevator and closest to the pool and reception desk (114 - respectfully, I'd reserve this room for profoundly deaf individuals). We gave it a try for 20 minutes or so, asked to be moved, and were relocated to an upstairs room that was much quieter. Aside from that, the room was clean, the air conditioner worked well, and it was an uneventful stay. Uneventful is good.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean rooms, comfy beds, convenient location, friendly staff, amazing breakfast!
