Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Cincinnati Northeast-Milford
Rating: 5
Text: This Holiday Inn Express is right off the expressway. The only hotel in this area. Far enough from the hustle and bustle of the city, but convenient to the highway. Safe and Secure, which is a plus for me. Quiet. Although parking is tight with not many spaces in front but there is plenty in back. Staff is welcoming and friendly. Room was comfortable and relaxing. Spacious, fresh and clean. Room has many modern amenities. Plenty of light in bathroom and room. Bed and covers were very comfortable Breakfast was hot and so many choices. Outstanding. So if we are in this area again. I would stay here.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was fabulous.  The bed was very comfortable.  Nice suite with keurig coffee maker, small refrigerstor.  The only complaint is the bed is right next to the window that has no room darkening curtains and is 2 feet away from the a/c.  So I had the a/c blowing directly on me all night and woke up with the sunrise Right on My FACE.  
Rating: 4
Text: Ceiling was a little lumpy which made the room look shabby. Coffee was weak. Otherwise good! I enjoyed the rain-type showerhead.
Rating: 5
Text: The location was easily accessible and the rooms were clean. Staff was polite, everything was as expected.
Rating: 1
Text: The bathtub had standing water, and faucet leaked. In handicap room, the tub bottom was rounded, not at all flat, and very slick. Other than that, the housekeeping was good. Floors and beds were clean and fresh. Breakfast was no improvement. The coffee tasted like dishwater. The turkey sausage was like foam rubber, eggs were tasteless.  No food was provided for those unable to eat high carb, high sugar content, other than a banana. The one bright spot, I am told, were the superb cinnamon rolls (which i cannot eat). If this is any indication of Holiday Inn Express' quality, especially at the price we paid, I will not be back.
Update: When confronted with the above information on checkout, management was very insistent that they were required to use the the specific bathtubs, coffee and meal choices by the corporate offices and their hands were tied. I was given a 35 dollar discount, but that will not intice me to stay at any Holiday Inn Express again.
