Holiday Inn Express & Suites Louisville South-Hillview
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed at this hotel back in July and this has been bothering me since then. I was traveling alone and I checked in late Monday. I got my key, went up to the room only to open the door and get the surprise of my life!! There was a man and woman in the room..(you know the rest). I screamed and let the door slam shut. I went to the front desk and the girl said oh I'm sorry, there was not supposed to be anyone in that room. She was not really that concerned that this had happened as if it happens all the time. She did give me another room,  but I should have gone to another hotel right then. 
I always put the do not disturb sign on my door while I am out of the room. I came back to my my room on Wednesday afternoon and the do not disturb sign was not in the key slot. I was in front of the elevator, so I thought maybe kids took it. I opened my room door only to find that someone had been in the room and switched out the couch and chair. In addition the cleaning lady cleaned the room and the do not disturb sign was hung on the inside of the door. I left personal items out and some were moved around. I was so upset. I went to the front desk again and the manager apologized. I explained to her that no one should have entered the room with the sign on the door. I then told her about the first night when I walked in on a couple in their room. She did not even know about that. I was like I can't believe you don't keep records when you give a key to a room that someone is already in. That's a safety issue. I said I could have been shot or snatched into the room or anything. Those people in that room was just as shocked to see me when I opened the door. 
I just know for me...I DID NOT FEEL SAFE in this hotel. They had no procedure in place when a key is given to another customer's room. Nor is their staff instructed to respect the customer's wishes with the do not disturb sign on the door. They never notified me that they wanted to switch out the furniture. I was out of there!
If you don't mind sharing a room with a stranger or just any staff person coming in your room even with the do not disturb sign on the door....then this is the hotel for you!!
So if I could, I would give ZERO stars, but it won't let me!!
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was very nice with up to date rooms, comfortable beds and pillows. An indoor pool that was very nice as well. The breakfast was very good, eggs, sausage, bacon, biscuits gravy and pancakes plus all the extra continental breakfast stuff. I was very pleased that they had sugar free syrup as I'm a diabetic. Would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: Hotel and staff were very nice and helpful. The room was clean and the breakfast was overall good. There is a gap under the room door but looks to include all the room doors. I will stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Beyond disappointed to have stayed here. I got to the hotel very late in the evening around 11:40pm. I sat at the front desk for over 20 minutes looking at a sign saying that “a representative will be back shortly”. After 20 minutes of waiting I called the IHG customer service line to see if they had any reports or information as to why the staff was absent for so long. 
All they did was call the front desk phone.
 Luckily, a guest that had already been staying at the hotel for awhile came inside from smoking asking if I had been helped yet since he had just seen the desk clerk outside in her car. Which he then went and got her. 
So the entire time I was waiting at the desk, the clerk was outside in her car doing God knows what?! 

This is the second major issue I’ve had with Holiday Inn Express hotel chain. 
Last month while in Virginia, a housekeeper let some irate guest into my room while I was sleeping without checking the name on the room.
My family and I are supposed to go to the Smokey mountain Holiday Inn resort this winter to attend a timeshare presentation. I can tell you right now, that I will most definitely not invest in any sort of IHG stock or property. I would never associate myself with this terrible customer service. Beyond ridiculous on how they treat their guests.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was really nice. In the final steps of renovations and it's done very well. The new room set ups are amazing.
