Holiday Inn Columbus N - I-270 Worthington
Rating: 3
Text: Good location. Nice hotel but a little old. There was a gym and indoor pool but didn't get a chance to use any of it. I would stay again though.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is about a 20 minutes from the airport, but they have a shuttle. The hotel restaurant is over priced, but there are plenty of restaurants nearby and a mall across the street. The rooms are a good size, but the a.c. and heat in the room act up a little and don't match the thermostat.
Rating: 3
Text: Average quality. Comfortable bed and bedding. In need of a freshing of paint and decor. Good location with many things to do with in walking distance. Close to I-270. Staff is hit or miss.
Rating: 5
Text: My experience with Holiday Inn was phenomenal. From the time I checked in the front desk worker was very polite  and courteous the bed and pillows were very comfortable. I also enjoyed the patio. I will recommend Holiday Inn to friends and family. Thank you for a wonderful stay.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst hotel and staff ever! When we arrived we were told we could not have the standard king non-smoking room we requested when we booked on line. We were told, "When you book on line you don't get what you ask for. You get whatever is left over!" So, because it was a very busy week in Columbus we accepted the handicapped room we were offered. Not a big problem - or so we thought. When we opened the door the room looked clean enough. That's good. It went downhill from there. No shelves, hooks, or vanity in the bathroom. Just a single sink with no where to put cosmetics. Not even a soap dish! Nothing to put our suitcases on except a very stained upholstered bench and a wooden stool. The tiniest closet is squeezed between the microwave cabinet and chest that the tv sat on. When we hung our clothes in this little closet we discovered that the doors wouldn't close if there was clothing in it. No outlets to plug in the iron or coffee maker which was situated on top of the microwave cabinet. (No handicapped person could ever reach it!) So I had to drag the ironing board into the bathroom and use the plug there for the iron. I refused to put the coffee maker on the back of the toilet to use the plug there! No wastebaskets except for a tiny one in the bathroom. So we had to use a plastic shopping bag for trash in the bedroom. When I sat  at the desk and the air conditioner came on (which sounded like an eighteen wheeler all night long) I nearly froze because the cold air blew directly on me. Worst pillows on the planet! I immediately called to have more pillows brought to our room. 6 days later and I still have not received them. When we checked out we were never asked how things were. The manager looked at us as if he could have spit on us. He just got up and walked to the back without a word. We hadn't even said anything but that we wanted to check out! The best thing about this hotel is that we left and will not be back! Our recommendation? Don't stay here!
