Holiday Inn Express Corydon
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed in this HI one night before their renovations were completed.  Nice people, good service.  BUT, new heater in room 132 giving off a horrible burning smell that caused headaches for us both.  Room needs to be ‘detailed’ and excess grout removed from doors, floor and walls!  Some tile setter got crazy with their grout or caulk!  Just didn’t feel like the room had been inspected well and finished!  Overall good stay but I felt some comp should have been offered for that smelly heater!  Our clothes now have that smell in them so it’s following us on our trip!
Rating: 5
Text: This was a great holiday inn to stay in.  The room was clean and the girl who helped us the night we checked in and the girl who was there when we checked out were both amazing.  Wish I got their names.  Once the renovations are completed this hotel will be even better.  I would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent staff and very nice accommodations. A little higher priced than nearby hotels but worth the price, in the midst of renovations and yet the room was in great condition, roomy and modern in apperance. Nice central atrium area that was used for breakfast in the morning. The breakfast was better than most other places. Location is quiet and off the main highway far enough to be insulated from the traffic but close and convenient to all the stores and services. 
Rating: 5
Text: Even though it is under renovation, the rooms are excellent and all of the staff outdo their selves with perfect customer assistance. Definitely will recommend all friends and family to come here
Rating: 1
Text: Although staff was friendly, if I had known how extensive they were under construction we would be stayed some where else. I rented 2 rooms for $124 per room for one night. The rooms are very small and little to no breakfast which manager told me she would give me gift cards to a local restaurant. When I  asked for them she had gone and girl working only had 2 cards for Dairy Queen. We ended up going to Cracker Barrell and spending $75 dollars  for what should had been our complimentary breakfast.My 78 year old Mother almost fell 2 times getting through construction,the floors were unlevel and rough. We had to escort her everywhere because of this because condition of floors. She found this quite humiliating.I would like a refund or some other compensation.
