Holiday Inn Express Middletown
Rating: 5
Text: The price was great for a weekend room. We stayed 2 days and in 2 different rooms and both were clean and spacious. The employees were great and super friendly. The free breakfast was great and they had a good selection of food. It was very quite also. Didn't use the indoor pool but others did and that area was nice and clean.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed for 3 nights. The place was clean and quiet. The front desk and maids were very helpful. It is located just off the free way with plenty of places around to eat or shop. We were on the first floor which was easy for my dad who is a vet. We will definitely stat there again.
Rating: 3
Text: This place is alright, but not at the same level of other Holiday Inn Expresses that I've experienced. A lot of noise transmission between floor levels. I could hear every squeaky step the person above me took. Nice people at the front desk and a pretty decent breakfast bar. I think it's a little bit overpriced for what it is.
Rating: 2
Text: Upon on arrival we went in to get booked no one at the desk but you can hear them telling stories and laughing. There was no Bell to ring for service or anything so we had to stand there and wait. Afterwards we went out to wait get luggage and wait for the rest of the group of people who were coming with us. The two female associates went out the front door and stood their and smoked cigarettes. We had 3 hotel rooms booked for us. Out of the three rooms for housekeeping room #1 Room never touched to clean. Room #2 they didn't do anything expect take the old towels that were used didn't replace anything make anything or clean anything. And put a note on the bed saying they couldn't clean cause bags were on the bed. Room # 3 they made the bed and took the towels but didn't replace towels, take trash, vacuum, nothing than that. Walking around the hotel you can tell they don't vacuum often at all because the carpets are filthy. The only reason I gave this a few stars is because we had them to set out breakfast earlier because we had to eat before work and it was before the time they started serving it but they did and it was good.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice friendly atmosphere.  Bed was comfortable.  The pool was just the right temperature and didn't smell horribly of chlorine.  The hot tub was nice as well.  I wasn't too impressed with the omelets for breakfast, but there were some other selections to have.  Overall it was a nice place to stay.
