Holiday Inn Express & Suites Portland
Rating: 3
Text: My family and I stayed here this past weekend as we were in town for a wedding. I would say that 1/4 of the hotel were here for the wedding as well. We decided that we would arrive on Friday so the kids could swim and get out of the cold weather. Well upon arrival and the way to our room, we saw that the pool was out of service. We were never notified prior to our arrival, nor at check in. Very disappointed since this was the only reason that we came on Friday, and felt that we should have been informed of the closure (we were told it has been closed for awhile). Other than the pool, the Hotel appeared to be clean and everyone was friendly. Our room initially appeared to be clean and looked good. It wasn't until the next morning when we were making the bed that we found some rather disgusting "substance" on the comforter. I won't speculate on what it was, but I provided a picture so you can decide for yourself. We called front desk and requested a new clean comforter. A housekeeper brought us a new clean one, and offered to change it. She stated that she will have the housekeepers check them more closely next time. Not sure if I would stay here again, but I will say that everyone was at least nice and friendly. Outside of our grotesque comforter find, the hotel was generally clean. Would have honestly given 1 or 2 stars if it wasn't.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean comfortable rooms. Indoor swimming pool and gym. Free large breakfast. Buffet style, with any breakfast item you could think of. Quality service!!!
Rating: 4
Text: We had a great stay at Holiday Inn Express & Suites Portland. My kids loved swimming in the indoor pool. The rooms were clean and the staff was friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was easy to find and had plenty of parking. The room was clean and spacious. Enough for my family of five. There were also complementary items that we enjoyed such as the candy at the desk for Easter Sunday and the lemonade and cookies in the lobby. The breakfast was great with a pancake machine and there was also delicious cinnamon rolls everyday. The service was satisfactory as the staff were always friendly and helpful. We enjoyed swimming in the pool there and also the fitness room was clean and had a nice array of equipment.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, quiet, appropriate for the price. Breakfast - everything fresh and hot, and they leave the fruits available all day long  (or until they're gone; I stayed there two days, and there were fruits available both days )
