Holiday Inn Express Carrollton
Rating: 5
Text: We were on a road trip, so we had never stayed in this hotel prior to this trip.  Holiday Inn Carrollton was clean, full of friendly staff, and accommodating on a strange schedule for our travels.  Our daughter and her friend had a great time in the pool and loved the breakfast.  We were dealing with some food allergies, and the staff was informative and careful with those needs.  The room was comfortable and clean.  I have no complaints whatsoever, and only compliments for this hotel.  Thank you for making our trip that much more enjoyable.  We got exactly what we wanted and hoped to get.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was pretty standard. The arrows on the remote were finiky. I would press up and it would go up several spots after a little quick press. The peep hole on my door was missing and filled with toilet paper. General manager was very nice however.
Rating: 4
Text: Mr. Hamilton, the night manager was very helpful and efficient. Even though the system allowed us to book a room when one was not technically available, he was able to accommodate us.  The only reason that I credit this location with 4 rather than 5 was because I was unable to get the internet to pick up a signal. IP address was never recognized,  so I could never even get to the password and accept page.  Also, the breakfast was not as good as is provided in other locations.  On the bright side,  the room was clean and the staff is great! 
Rating: 1
Text: My family and I (kids ages 4,3,2) had been on the road for 13.5hrs when we were looking for a place to stay. I called this place twice and the woman told me both times to just come right on over, that there is no need for a phone reservation. We thought that sounded great and drove the last 35min to get to this hotel. Well when my husband went in to get the room, they informed him that they had no more availability. My husband explained our frustration and the front desk person told us they have heard the same thing from many other people tonight.. very frustrated and exhausted with this. 
Rating: 5
Text: On the way to Tennessee my wife and I had car trouble and decided to check in here. Well all I have to say is that Jackie S. checked us in and she was amazing! She helped us turn a bad day into a much better one. Thanks again Jackie.
