Holiday Inn Jackson NW - Airport Road
Rating: 1
Text: All was fine while we were celebrating our friends' marriage until our neighbor shoulder checked our door. Hoping this would only be a small disruption to our night, I set the deadlock in place and answered the door. Unfortunately, he decided to approach us in an extremely aggressive manner, which made it very hard to diffuse the situation. I was very thankful I had a deadlock at this point, which is why I would still give one star to this hotel if I had the option. 

Following this sequence of events, we come to find that an employee is sitting outside our door for at least 10 minutes (by the time we noticed). Instead of knocking to ask what our side of the situation is, she was sitting by the door listening in to our conversations and taking notes. I feel that this was a huge invasion of privacy rather than a successful tactic in diffusing a situation.

Nice rooms, horrible customer service.
Rating: 3
Text: Appears nice, but look closely. I really hate to complain about my stay since it was paid for by the company I was working for, but what I first noticed was the trash liner in the bathroom was put in rather haphazardly. I thought well it's right by the door maybe they pulled the trash at the end of the clean and that was it. Then as I walked out of bathroom I noticed dust piled up in the corners, turning on the lamp revealed a nice coating of dust on the lampshade and headboard as well as some mysterious splatter on the headboard, and the room phone, which I had not even touched, had 3 clearly defined greasy finger prints. Heading back into the bathroom there was wipe mark residue on the vanity as if the rag wasn't quite clean while wiping it down... Now I'm no where close to being a clean freak and my home is definitely not spotless but at least I know my dust and splatters are from me and my family. Another rather disappointing aspect was no free continental breakfast, which is always something I enjoy. Breakfast is available but it is for a cost, in their lobby restaurant. On a positive, the staff was friendly and helpful and there was lots of parking available in the lot. It is also located right next to a Meijer which is very convenient. 
Rating: 5
Text: I've stayed here 2 times in the last year & a half & both times were exceptional.  The only incident we had this last time, was the night time front desk clerk. He sleeps on the job & we had another issue with him as well, but the General Manager took care of us, beyond what was expected.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel was clean but not quite brand new, other traveling guest had to request a new room because of smell, but all was accommodated. Had the kids suite, bunk bed was nice a even a bit private. Did not try the restaurant. Pool has a chilly splash pool and a small regular pool, a bit cramped especially if there are more then 3 families there. All in all not bad for a night or two, way better then the place an exit to the east we stayed last year.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean, nice quality workout equipment, and a very clear pool. Sound proof walls.
