Holiday Inn Express & Suites Roseville
Rating: 2
Text: I’ve stayed at this hotel several times for work. I don’t find the rooms to be very well maintained. All of the rooms I’ve stayed in need a deep cleaning. For example the room I’m in now I stayed in probably a month ago and while doing my normal bed bug check I noticed there was a large stain on the bed skirt under the mattress.... looked like coffee, I think. Anyway, a month later same dirty bed skirt... what’s up with that? I don’t think it should be my job to let hotel staff know that the bed skirt is dirty. Also breakfast is ready early every day which is nice but it’s always the exact same thing. A little variety would go a long way. I’ve also noticed that almost every room I’ve stayed in needs the shower re-caulked it’s all mildewy and gross looking. The front desk staff are always polite and helpful and the little shop with snacks by the desk is pretty handy if you need a cold drink or a little snack. Parking lot is small so don’t plan to stay here hauling a trailer or something.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms where clean but front desk lady wasn't very welcoming. Also pool was closed for some reason. I wouldn't stay there again first time we had a bad experience at a holiday inn
Rating: 1
Text: I don't know how anyone sleeps here, it's so loud! I can hear my neighbors cough, their tv, when they flush the toilet, opening drawers, and don't get me started on when they walk above me. I made a video to show staff. It was all night long! My toilet has a red stain at the bottom and my room smelled like cigarettes. When I come through for business again I won't be back.
Rating: 4
Text: It was beautiful inside. But the halls smelled of marijuana. They had a nice breakfast setup, with coffee and juice and other goodies. The lobby was big and welcoming. The night desk clerk was a tad rude but understandable. Overall it was a good experience.
Rating: 4
Text: Staff was great. Pool area could have been cleaner and maintained better. The light in the pool was dangling and looked a little dangerous. 
