Holiday Inn Cleveland-Strongsville (Arpt)
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed here because it was near the airport. Easy drive to the airport, great customer service. My wife left a necklace behind, she contacted house keeping a few hours after we checked out, they returned the call promptly and will be mailing the lost item. Fluffy towels. Would definitely stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Went there for a work event. Used a conference room for presentations. The room was nice and the technology held up well with few difficulties. The best part was the lunch. You never know what to expect at a hotel especially for a work event, but the catered food was really tasty. Overall, it was a great experience.
Rating: 3
Text: I have mixed feelings about my stay here at the Holiday Inn. The room looked nice, but I could not close the curtains to my room. There was only a thin sheet that covered the windows. Second, I was in a single room that had a door connecting to another room of strangers. This would not have been bad except I could hear them talking as if they were in my room. There was no noise barrier. Also, there some some crushed candy under the edge of the bed.
The dinner lounge was nice and had delicious food. The grilled chicken sandwich and onion rings were great. On the other hand, the breakfast was not impressive. The waitresses were obviously stressed and they ran out of a lot of food. They had no orange juice and no bacon at 7am. At the end of the breakfast they brought out orange juice saying they randomly found some. Also, My waitresses told me which meal I had to get. At the end of the meal she was nice and comped my meal because they were out of so much stuff.
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms are a good size, but the shower floods easily. There are a few things to do in walking distance, a mall, several restaurants, and other shopping are just across the bridge. The housekeeping doesn't respect the do not disturb sign and will just walk into your room after one brief knock.
Rating: 3
Text: My family and I stayed there for 2 nights. There were parties all over the hotel the night we got there, they put us far enough away from it all so it was rather quiet.  The room was clean. No fridge or microwave though...we have stayed at several other hotels and every one of them had a fridge, luckily we had a small cooler with us. We got breakfast with our room but unfortunately it is only for 2 adults. Anyone over the age of 5 you have to pay the difference. Their website doesn't say this unless you click every information button on the screen. The pool is large and deeper than most but that was about the only great thing about this hotel. Over all it wasn't bad, bring a cooler and your own breakfast.
