Holiday Inn Express and Suites
Rating: 4
Text: Clean and neat. Staff is always friendly and helpful. The road this one is on is rather difficult to find, even if you've been here before. Breakfast provided is good and had a good variety of choices.
Rating: 5
Text: This is my first ever review however we were very pleased with this hotel. Extremely clean and completely up to date with beautiful details and most importantly clean!  Very cost friendly and did I say clean!  Very clean inside and out and breakfast was beyond continental it was full of fresh fruit and not just microwaved eggs however egg white veggie omelet and even pancakes.
Rating: 5
Text: Great service, awesome breakfast selection! Hot tub was pretty hot, pool was not too busy. The front desk was able to help with a small request for extra amenities. Free, open wifi. Lots of cable channels. Safes in most rooms to store valuables?. I would definitely stay here again when travelling across the Midwest.
Rating: 4
Text: Good overall experience. Room was clean and had both a mini fridge and microwave. AC was nice and cold. A few minor things kept this from being a 5 star experience.

1. Easy to miss. Location is on sort of a frontage road that is not well marked at all. You have to turn in next to a shabby looking gas station. In the dark, it is especially easy to get confused.

2. Quirky TV. To be fair, I don't know if it was the TV or DirecTV but the video would randomly stutter.

3. Lights out. Two of the lamps had dead bulbs. I switched with wall lights but probably something housekeeping should have discovered. Too coincidental for 2 bulbs to be out and go unnoticed.

The breakfast items did change slightly over the couple of days I stayed. Variety is nice.

I didn't try the pool or workout room but they appeared to be in good condition.

Front desk staff was friendly and greeted everyone walking in and out.

Would recommend to others. Just be sure to check the map on where to turn before you hit the road.
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms were clean and very nice. There beds were ok with both soft and firm pillows. They had a mini refrigerator and microwave in the room. The only slightly negative aspect is that the pool is a little on the small side. Breakfast was normal for the chain.
