Holiday Inn Dubuque/Galena
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed 2 nights here to finish our week long road trip. Room was very cozy and room service was excellent! We were pretty exhausted from the drive so didn't take the opportunity to check out the bar and restaurant, but as I said the room service was excellent and the food was great. Would definitely stay here again! Also they are very pet friendly, Paco says thanks :)
Rating: 3
Text: It was a very nice place when we pulled up on our bike  to get a room as we were on our mini honeymoon! Checked in to get a room and got one asked where some good bars were at since we weren't from the area! Also where we could do some karaoke! 

Got to our room and it still had trash and pizza boxes on the bench like house keeping forgot it and this was at 8pm! Went down to tell the lady and she gave us a new room! She asked what she could do to make it better for us I told her to take off money off the room she said they can't do that!!! Can give you your breakfast for free! Well why ask what we would like if you can't do it! Also for what we paid for the room we should've gotten breakfast for free regardless! 2ND room was perfect and did it's job for us the a/c didn't work as good as it could've!!! Didn't want to complain about that since we already had problems with the other room!
Rating: 5
Text: Had our family reunion at this property and they were SUPER to work with! Our party room was lovely all set up for a great time! The staff was attentive and caring -- the food was excellent!  The convenience to downtown and free parking made this a great place to gather.  Our guest rooms were beautiful, clean and a lovely view of the bridge and courthouse. THANK you to the manager and to the staff!!
Rating: 4
Text: We had a really good stay here. We where here for a number of nights. It was quite and clean. It is everything you'd expect from a Holiday Inn. And dogs are welcome!
Rating: 5
Text: We had a nice stay here.  The attached bar/restaurant is convenient.  They also had a pretty good breakfast.  If you ask..you can purchase a coupon at the front desk (in advance) for breakfast...it saved us $5 or so.  Also...hotel is Pet friendly :)...pet fee was very reasonable too!!
