Holiday Inn Express & Suites Logansport
Rating: 3
Text: This Holiday Inn Express offered a decent room with a few minor draw backs. The 3rd floor hall smelled badly, though pleasantly the Snell did not carry the ugh to the room. The fitness room was large enough for 1 person to use comfortably, offering 1 treadmill, 1 elliptical and 1 stationary bike with a bench crammed in. The biggest downfall was the wall a/c offered no "fan on" option, and constantly kicked on and off, leading to a restless night's sleep. If these things don't bother you, it's easily a 3.5-4 star.
Rating: 4
Text: Everything was fabulous as I always expect at Holiday Inn, everything was clean and the service was great. My only complaint this time was the pillows were awful, they were noy what they usually have. It felt like they were overstuffed with cheap cotton.
Rating: 2
Text: Outside lighting was not working my entire stay, apparently due to a storm. However extra security was not provided. Several vehicles were broken into, including mine.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff was very friendly and did their best to make sure we enjoyed our stay. The first room we were placed in had some gunk in the tub that wouldn't wash up, so they offered us a different room and a small discount. Beds are comfortable, pool was nice, and the breakfast was wonderful.
Rating: 1
Text: I'm a traveling chef by trade. I know for arrvialing at weird times and not taking part to the free breakfast. This visit to Logansport shocked me and has me rethinking of ever visiting ANY ihg hotel again. I Arrived at 5pm all rooms where not given out for the evening on a fully booked night. My room wasn't  ready.  I was asked to sit in lobby and wait. I sat in the lobby for 57 minutes. When I asked Judi at the front desk why I couldn't just have a room change to a guest that had not arrived I got a surprised look on her face. They have all the waiting arrival paperwork right on the desk. So it is easy to tell that it could've been done.  As I sat in the lobby waiting no one walked in. The customer service at this hotel is HORRIBLE! When I got to the room I noticed it wasn't even clean! Stains in the shower garbage on the floor. All visible when walking in. When I called down to communicate the room wasn't to my liking I was told there was nothing they could do. "The housekeeper has gone home for the night". Now I'm an ihg reward member for 16years and have never been treated so poorly. I think it is time to find someone to fulfill my overnight needs!
