Holiday Inn Express & Suites Detroit Downtown
Rating: 4
Text: Great location! Staff is very friendly and welcoming. I left my phone charger in my vehicle after Valet parked my car I notified them and they retrieved it and brought it to my room! Room was clean beds are very comfortable. Only thing the heat or air did not work. I’d definitely book this hotel again
Rating: 5
Text: We had a wonderful stay at this hotel! The bed was so comfy that we didn't want to get out of bed. The location was convenient and the valet parking and front desk staff were very nice and accommodating. I am definitely staying here next time I am in Detroit!!
Rating: 1
Text: Worst Holiday Inn I've ever stayed in. The lock on our door didn't work from the outside, so it's a good thing we only stayed one night, only came in once, and then left. Our shower also didn't work, only had scalding hot water.  The front desk person tried to tell us it was because everyone was trying to shower at once, which would have been believable if it were only cold water we were getting instead of hot and if the maintenance man hadn't told us he had to get a new valve for it.  They gave us $50 off our bill, but I would have liked to stay somewhere where I could have showered; after all there are only so many reasons you stay in a hotel!  Shall I go on? Let's talk breakfast- the lack of supplies, space for guests at breakfast, or even coffee!!! Couldnt even get a water out of the sold out vending machine. Very disappointed. ? If there was one redeeming quality about this place it would be Lorenzo, who I believe was a front desk supervisor. He seemed to be the last thread, holding the place together.
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean rooms. We stayed on the 5th floor which was recently remodeled. Room is small, but bed is brand new (very comfortable), all pain is fresh, nice looking bathrooms. The front desk staff was very helpful, kind and personable. Location is terrific and the bar downstairs is fun and very reasonably priced.
Rating: 1
Text: Myself and 2 girlfriends stayed overnight last night at the hotel. Everything seemed fine until we got home and 2 of us found out we had $47 taken while we went down to have breakfast in the morning!! I called the hotel who put me through to a manager who then out me through to the Housekeeping manager. Of course it went to voicemail. I left a message with all the information and said I expected a call back. But of course nobody calls! I seen prior to me writing this review that the same thing happened to someone else! I would advise everyone not to stay there or if you decide to leave the room to take all your belongings with you!
