Holiday Inn Express & Suites Muncie
Rating: 4
Text: Good hotel... Needs automatic doors for the entrance... The king bedroom I stayed in had nice size tv, but could have been more spacious.. close to restaurants... overall liked the stay very much... I travel quite a bit
Rating: 3
Text: After setting a reservation, I called at 8am to see if we could check in early. I was instructed that i would only be guaranteed a room if I arrived at 3pm. It's was 4:15pm until I was given a room... it was an upgrade, but I didn't care about the room. I had a wedding ceremony to be at so I was in a time crunch. Besides this mismanagement, the hotel was a nice environment.
Rating: 5
Text: 1st class throughout our stay. We will be back. Friendly staff, spotless clean and breakfast was great.
Rating: 5
Text: Lesia was absolutely amazing!! She made sure I was taken care of beyond what I could have expected. Although the hotel is under renovations, she went above & beyond. I will definitely stay here again. Thank you for going out of your way for me!
Rating: 4
Text: “Little Above Average for an HIE - No complaints”

Stayed for 4 nights at this location. I had room 207 and it was clean, and gave me the HIE look and feel I need. Small fridge and microwave are always welcomed on my longer hotel stays. I used the jacuzzi and exercise room once which was very well kept. The staff was very patient and would bend over backwards to make their guests happy. In fact the lady that cleans the lobby area told me about "Amazing Joe's" for the local hotspot to eat at. To sum it up it was delicious and I ate there 2 of the 4 evenings for dinner! Managers night we had Italian sausages, chips and a drink of choice with coleslaw. Surprised me as this feature is usually for the Holiday Inns or other chains. Much appreciated.

Pros: Excellent Value for the dollar (free BKFST and managers night)
- Pool Jacuzzi
- FREE BKFST
- Staff
CONS: The exercise room is VERY VERY SMALL AND HOT!

I will return to this hotel if in the area again.

Thanks
Gold PC Member
