Holiday Inn Battle Creek
Rating: 4
Text: I was here for a two-day business conference. The rooms were nice and the staff was extremely friendly and other than the temperature being slightly off in the room we enjoyed our time there. Also the food was good.
Rating: 3
Text: Overall, it was a nice hotel. I just figured that for the price of the room, breakfast, a microwave, and a fridge would be included, but I guess not. Found hair on the sheets and in the shower. Shower head did have nice pressure, though. Beds and pillows were comfortable, and costumer service was great. 
Rating: 1
Text: Ate at Cereal City Grill. Out of 5 steak dinners 2 we're cooked wrong, 1 person requested no potatoes and double veggies not served correctly.  Pop was flat and warm.  Steaks were not hot and broccoli was soggy and cool.  Waitress was not very attentive, didn't refill drinks or check on us after bringing the meal.  This will be our last visit.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was in a great place. Many things to do around it. Rooms were nice and big. Breakfast was pretty good. The only thing I would change is the 5 dollar price that was needed for people to eat hot items. Other than that, it was a great hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: I was here on business and overall, I can say I am not at all satisfied with this hotel.

The first week wasn't bad and check-in was easy. The lady asked for identification and was pleasant. My complaint is, why do none of the stairs lead to the lobby? All stairs lead to the outside and none have an entrance back into the building. You either have to walk to the main lobby, or walk all the way to the back to get in. I hate taking the elevator and prefer stairs. Also, no free breakfast. There are no microwaves or mini fridges in the rooms either, so forget grocery shopping. Front desk said they were "going to look into getting one" for me and I never heard back. My coworker asked one of the front desk associates to warm up her food and they gave her attitude. Maybe just put a microwave in the room if it's an issue?

The second week, we stayed in room 413. The water pressure in the shower was non-existent or too cold. No happy medium. 

The check-in process for the last week was a complete joke. John was extremely rude and completely lacks any customer service skills. Very impatient and disrespectful. He wasn't "going to have some kid tell him how to do his job." He was throwing his glasses on the counter and yelling at me about how he was going to call my boss because I was being "uncooperative" and he wasn't going to check me in. I wasn't able to speak with the Manager on Duty, which apparently was Joan. John told me multiple times that I could go to the hotel across the street. All because of Michigan law that requires him to have my phone number and zip. The previous two weeks, that information was filled in with my cooperate information and I did not need to give any information. Now the third week we stay here, John is getting all upset because I won't give him my phone number. I don't give out personal information. Especially if it's not needed. You have my cooperate information on file, please use that. 

Also in the third week, my roommate and I forgot our keys in the room. We went up to the front desk and asked for replacements. The lady asked our room number and gave us two new keys. Didn't verify the name on the room. Didn't check ID. Just gave away the room keys. Is there not a policy against this? It doesn't seem very secure if anyone can just go up to the front desk and get your room key. 

I do recommend you check for other hotels in the area, as I do not recommend here.
