Holiday Inn Express Fishers
Rating: 1
Text: The women working the front desk refused to look up our reservations. She told us there were no rooms available, and threatened to call the police on us if we didn’t leave the lobby. I’ve never experienced such horrible customer service. We were on a work trip, with printed confirmation numbers at this hotel. We were stuck, so the next shift receptionist was able to help us and find our rooms, after we were frantically searching for other rooms nearby.
Rating: 5
Text: Great stay. Wonderful manager named Agnes. Very helpful with large groups
Rating: 4
Text: Loved every minute! Pool was a bit small and no hot tub, but clean!
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is amazing. Normally I would look for a cheaper hotel but this place caught my eye and I'm glad I paid a little extra. After a long day of driving it was refreshing to walk in the door and be greeted by the hotel dog (she rules). The hotel is pet friendly but you'd never be able to tell.

This hotel is not your normal stale and boring hotel. This place has style and is comfortable and they make you feel at home. You won't find any cheesy "paintings" on the wall or stupid carpet patterns. The staff is friendly and very helpful. After chatting with the desk clerk for a bit after breakfast we were informed that each Indigo Hotel is unique and created from a pre-existing building to help cut-down on impact on our environment.

The rooms are nice, beds are extremely comfortable, internet worked great and the provided desk space was great for getting work done.

On the down side it would have been nice to have a free continental breakfast for the price you pay. Other than that I HIGHLY recommend this hotel and I'll be looking to visit other Indigo's when on the road.
Rating: 1
Text: Ac didn't work children ran the halls someone unlocked my door and proceeded to enter even though the do not disturb sign was out and phone rang upon answering no one was there. Worst stay in my career. 
