Holiday Inn Express & Suites Anderson
Rating: 2
Text: To start with, the staff were pleasant and we had no problems with them. When we got to the room, it smelled like someone spilled a gallon of cleaner. No problem, figured they had recently cleaned the room. I opened the the window and set the AC to justify run the fan. We left to visit friends and came back around 10pm. The room still smelled. As we started to unpack things, we noticed that the room sure didn't look like it has been cleaned before we checked in. It was obvious that the vacuum hadn't been ran. Go to put some bottled water in the fridge, and the inside was filthy along with the top of the door where the handle was. Go to use the restroom, lifted the toilet seat and there was a turd and some toilet paper still in the bowl. The furniture was rundown and stained. The desk chair still had what we hoped was ice cream that has melted on it. To be fair, we didn't tell anyone until the next morning when we checked out, since we we're leaving early, so can't say what they would have done. I will say that this an independently operated hotel, and it shows. If I were to stay at a Holiday inn ever again, which is highly unlikely, I would make sure it's a corporately owned property.
Rating: 3
Text: I really enjoyed my stay. My bed was clean and the room smelled great! I did however find hair on my pillows, one face towel with stains and greenish/gray build up in the shower head. I slept comfortable but just want others to be aware of problems I encountered.
Rating: 4
Text: We were on the third floor in this hotel which was a very pleasant stay. We enjoyed breakfast with their wide selection of food which would be fit for most people. There were a couple of downsides which have led to the 4 star review instead of a 5. We found stains on the bed sheets which was a downer and my wife had the hardest time sleeping on the firm mattress. We specifically booked this room for four people but throughout the stay they only provided us three towels for the bathroom despite us asking for an extra one. Besides those things we felt very welcome and enjoyed the service asking comfort of the hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice Clean rooms. Friendly staff. Meeting rooms for party was a nice size. Near a Meijer.
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel was a huge disappointment. We had 3 rooms in 2 days. The first one had black mold all over the shower, the 2nd smelled like cigarettes and the 3rd had dirty sheets on the bed (complete with pubic hairs) and mold in the bathroom grout. By far the grossest hotel I’ve stayed in, in years. Rating it a 1 is generous.  It smells like mold and is absolutely filthy.
