Holiday Inn Express Marshfield (Springfield Area)
Rating: 5
Text: I've been staying at Holiday Inn's for years, and I've never had a bad experience. They have been my standard to compare other hotels to for a long time. The hostess at the front desk was extremely friendly and helpful. Again, I can personally say I've never run into an issue at a Holiday Inn, but your mileage will always vary.
Rating: 4
Text: We enjoy the Hi Express properties because we can count on clean, comfortable rooms and a hearty breakfast in the morning. This hotel hit one of the three.

First of all, kudos to the renovation team because we LOVE the bubble walls near the lobby! In fact, we need to find out who the manufacturer is, because we want them for our home that we're designing. Candace at the front desk was very helpful. We were very pleased with check-in. 

The room was nice, but the bed! It was very comfortable, but we think the sheets were bolted to the foot of the bed because we couldn't pull them up! So to tuck in, we had to scootch down in the bed. The shower was nice, though. 

Breakfast. The cinnamon rolls were awesome, but then we noticed some gravy but no biscuits... toast! I guess they knew we were both Navy veterans, because they had SOS waiting for us!

So there were pros and cons to the stay. It was quiet and comfortable, though, considering that the building is under renovation.
Rating: 3
Text: Beware customers, this is a 2 story building with accommodations on both floors and NO elevator.  Other than that, everything was very nice.
Rating: 1
Text: Made an online reservation for a room in advance. When my husband and I got to the hotel after driving for 14 hours, the man at the front desk told me they had already given our room to someone else. When I asked if there were other hotels in the area, he looked at me as if I had just asked him something totally inappropriate and said no, even though upon my research, there were a few. I then asked about the Holiday Inn 20 miles up the road in Lebanon. He said they should be open, and I asked if he could call and find out if they had an available room and he told me no!! Not to mention they allowed a couple dozen motorcycles to be parked under the awning at the front doors which made getting inside a bit of a challenge. ?
Rating: 5
Text: excellent!! Everyone has been kind and helpful, we are here under different circumstances than traveling. Monday 1:AM our house caught fire and the smoke woke us up, one of those life experiences you do not want to happen, most important all 9 of us were ok, we won't be able to return home till all is cleaned up and the back of the house walls are fixed so our stay will be long. I'm thankful everyone has been so helpful and compasionate,  thank you?
