Holiday Inn Owensboro Riverfront
Rating: 5
Text: Wow, I am impressed. This place is definitely a must every year when I come into town. Right Location beautiful setting. The hospitality staff is second to none. Hotel Decor and amenities are a great. If you are always on the road this is a Hotel to enjoy and relax 1 night or few days. If you are on vacation or a couple weekend getaway. This is the Place as well..!! The bedsheets are so soft. Thanks the whole staff awesome.. I am happy. The location is therapeutic!!
Morning run is awesome!!
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice hotel! Right on the river front. My room has a good sized balcony overlooking river with 2 chairs and table so you can sit and enjoy the river traffic
Room spacious and well stocked with microwave, coffeemaker, hair dryer, lots of closet space and plenty of seating. Has a great restaurant and bar that has extended hours. Will definitely stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: We were doing an event at Owensboro and were informed about a discount at the Holiday Inn for our club.  Unfortunately, Holiday Inn would not give us a discount on our room (as they alluded that the designated rooms for the event were already booked).  We paid $186.01 for our room - much more than any of the other club members who stayed at various other motels in the area.  Plus, the restaurant (at the Holiday Inn) did not open until 6:30 AM, provide a complimentary breakfast, nor did they offer any kind of breakfast packages/deals.  We could not be more disappointed, especially since all the others with whom we spoke in our club (who again stayed at cheaper locations) enjoyed a wonderful, free breakfast at 6:00 AM.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff very friendly upon check in. Room met all expectations, very clean and bright. Especially enjoyed the view from our balcony of the beautiful Ohio river and the in-house dining. Would definitely recommend a stay at this property.
Rating: 5
Text: Great location just a short walk from good food and a very nice park. The rooms are great and very modern. I would definitely go out of my way to stay at this establishment.
