Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Sedalia
Rating: 1
Text: Went on family vacation and happened to need a place to stay for the night. We called and were quoted a price of 109.99+ tax. When we went to check out the next morning the amount we owed went up to 160.00. When we asked the manager why we were charged so much more than what we were quoted she could not give an answer or explain to us the reason for the charges. We then proceeded to ask the manager for someone who could help us understand the reason for the increased charge. When asked the manager laughed in our faces and said she did not know who she could contact. The manager was extremely unprofessional. I highly do not recommend staying at this hotel due to the managing staff.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff was exceptional. They helped me with some last minute printing for an important meeting. Troy was very friendly and takes pride in her work.
Rating: 1
Text: Tried calling to reserve a room for business. I am on work orders with the government, and I regularly stay at a Holiday Inn at my normal duty station. I called to book a room with the standard government rate, and spoke with a lady who was rather curt. She must have not believed I was on active work orders. After explaining to her that I was indeed on work orders for the week, she said that they could get me a room for the standard rate. Then after being transferred to the front desk, the poor kid kept trying to sell me a normal room, because he had no idea that I had spoken with what I assumed to be a manager. I explained again that I am on work orders, and I need a government rate. He tried his best to work in the confines of his job, but once again the manager told him that the only government rate I could get was $20 more than the rate I was previously quoted. The kid at the front desk was very kind and helpful, and probably a little confused. Management was abrasive. I've stayed about 60 nights at IHG hotels, and my normal one is quite nice and very accommodating. Sedalia Holiday Inn has unimpressive customer service
Rating: 4
Text: Great place, clean rooms, friendly staff, and good breakfast. It's exactly what to expect from a holiday inn express
Rating: 1
Text: Of all the Holiday Inn Expresses that I've stayed, this is my least favorite. The rooms are fine, but the staff will not let you socialize in the lobby or other common areas. Every other Holiday Inn Express is much more hospitable. I will not be back to this Holiday Inn Express in Sedalia.
