Holiday Inn Express & Suites Lafayette East
Rating: 2
Text: The entry way and lobby are very clean and well maintained.  The staff at the front desk were nice and very helpful.  When I got to the room it was very clean, spacious and newer.  I would have to say the only bad thing about the room was I was left a special gift in the toilet.  Maybe add this to things to check when they clean the room, but I can understand they are very busy.

Three colleagues and myself decided that we would return to the hotel after a training seminar and dinner (around 10) and take advantage of the fact that there is a bar in the hotel.  This is where the love story with the hotel ended.  The bartender was beyond rude and did not know how to make drinks.  First I asked for a beer that was on tap and was told that the keg had blew up and she couldn't put another one in.  So I was okay with this and asked for a long island ice tea, she said she couldn't make that for me.  Then I asked for a Coors Light (in a bottle), so she gave me a lukewarm at best bottle of Coors Light.

Next, one of the other guys asked for a Vodka and Cranberry Juice and asked for Grey Goose (that was in the liquor rack).  She picked up the bottle and shook it in front of him and said no more and she wasn't going to open another bottle tonight.  So he asked for Absolute and she put in 3/4 glass of vodka and a squirt of cranberry juice.  

The next morning we had issues getting a bill from the waitress at the restaurant and after 15 minutes of trying to get the bill paid, we were late for the next morning meeting.

I would only recommend this hotel if you were going to sleep there and not if you were thinking of drinking at the bar or eating at the restaurant.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel is very clean and housekeeping always made me feel comfortable and at home. The man who checked us in and out, Courtland, was super friendly. He was the best part of our stay. He is such a great worker and asset to this hotel. He makes sure his guests are taken cared of and he always has a smile on his face. I saw him everyday behind the desk when I was there so that says a lot. The breakfast staff is amazing! Wonderful people. I must say though, the employees do whatever they can to make the guests feel great. I wish I saw the managers more so I could praise their employees for working so hard.
Rating: 4
Text: Not a bad place, Family Suite had 2 Kings and a couch. Bathtub was stained and the A/C didn't work too well. Setting "cool" to 67 degrees yielded a temp of about 73 degrees. Overall, pretty good for the price, though. Very friendly staff.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice up to date hotel close to many spots for food, and close enough to Pudue, without all the craziness. Good water pressure in the shower and sink. Only knock is no Fox network in the room, so couldnt watch world series in my room.
Rating: 1
Text: We thought this entry would be a very nice hotel it looks great on the outside the rooms are spacious but we didn't have no shower curtain we didn't have complimentary breakfast we did not have a refrigerator we did not have a microwave and for the price of the room which has to be we thought the century would be a very nice hotel it looks great on the outside the rooms are spacious but we didn't have no shower curtain we didn't have complimentary breakfast we did not have a refrigerator we did not have a microwave and for the price of the room which has to be overrated it would I recommend this place to somebody if they don't eat if they don't want to take a shower in private if they don't want coffee in the morning my overall thought of this hotel I should have stayed in my car at least then I could have drove to the gas station to get coffee
