Holiday Inn Express & Suites North Platte
Rating: 4
Text: Great big find with ample space. Right now there is a great deal of renovations going on. The pool, fitness center and over half of the complex is closed. The front desk area is relocated as well. The remaining elevator is also out of order so the staff will help you with your bags up the stairs. Overall the staff is doing a wonderful job with the unfortunate state the hotel is in and I commend them for making the best out until the hotel renovations is done. Once the renovations are complete this project will be nice.
Rating: 5
Text: We got into North Platte late, with our one year old, from a long road trip and another hotel we had reservations with gave our room up without notice despite letting them know we were arriving late. We called Holiday Inn Express to confirm they had space and a crib available for our little dude. Not only did they hook us up with an awesome room, they had the crib set up on the fly before we got to the room. Customer service was great. Even with construction the hotel was clean and the breakfast had a good selection. We signed up for the rewards program because of this hotel and their staff. We make frequent trips between CO and SD and will only stay at this specific hotel from now on!
Rating: 1
Text: Awful. Did not tell us hotel under construction until we arrived, main hotel is closed we are in annex. After checking in they told us the wedding will calm down sometime after midnight and the people will quit running up and down the halls and band will quit playing then. NEXT morning Breakfast is mediocre, artificial eggs, overcooked bacon. Disappointing experience,  Expect more from Holiday Inn Express.
Rating: 4
Text: At the time of registration, hotel was under remodeling. For this being considered, the hotel was great, accommodating, and clean. However, when requesting if there were any room upgrades available for platinum members, was told no, but colleague was later given one. Checked with management and it was a training error.
Rating: 4
Text: Standard Holiday Inn Express. Which I mean in a good way. Easy access from I80. Staff was very helpful, hotel was clean and consistent with other Holiday Inn properties. Would stay here again if I were in need of accommodations in the North Platte area.
