Holiday Inn Express Boonville
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed in Boonville while attending a college football game in Columbia. The prices are elevated for football weekends in the entire area, but the Holiday Inn Express was the best price available. The rooms were clean and modern. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed the continental breakfast and the food was excellent in comparison to other continental breakfasts I've had.
Rating: 1
Text: We are staying there right now. 
The room is so musty we couldn't sleep. My son had an asthma attack, my 9 month old daughter started to choke/sneeze when she was crawling on the floor and I got so sick with sinus allergies, no medicine is helping. The room stinks, plain and simple. There is some evidence of mold/mildew on the ceiling of the bathroom. It's always been a decent hotel - but now it's going downhill. Upkeep is awful. It seems to be franchised out. In my opinion holiday inn express won't own it for much longer. I can't imagine they'd want to lend a name to poor quality. 

The lobby has been updated - but not the rooms. At this rate I'm simply paid about $600 to get sick. So aggravated.

ETA::  before we checked out after 3 days we discovered ...
Only 1 TV worked - and not well. Shower broke and worm/bug things were in the bathroom on the floor.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice convenient place in between two large cities to stop for the night. Walking distance to a Russel Stover's and a few other places. Gas station real close that is usually cheap compared to others
Rating: 1
Text: Advertise $95, charged $216 (cause of eclipse), can't help where your bike broke down. We feel we were gouged.
Tub is very slick, (we're 60), toilet seat was broke off...whew....lets stop there.
But when we tried to book night 2, they wanted to raise the price AGAIN...(eclipse).
Seriously,....
Rating: 5
Text: A big thank you to Melissa at the Holiday Inn Express.  We stayed Saturday night at this hotel.  We were part of the pedaler's jamboree group that got caught in the thunderstorm earlier in the day, so when we arrived at the hotel, we were dripping wet and our bikes were muddy.  Melissa got towels for us to dry off and was so patient and accommodating!  She definitely went above and beyond!!!!   Thanks!
