Holiday Inn Crystal Lake
Rating: 3
Text: There is no alyptical.  No microwave or refrigerator no hot tub   for 150$ I expected more from a holiday inn.  The place is very clean and awesome for there weddings   just don't come here for a casual weekend adventure
Rating: 5
Text: We had a great experience at Holiday Inn in Crystal Lake. The woman at the front desk was very friendly and professional. Unfortunately our first room had a moldy smell to it, which we are assuming had to do with all the rain we have been getting. We called down to the front desk and without any questions they told us they would find us another room. The original woman that checked us in was busy with another customer so we had a man take care of us and again, great customer service. Both of us are in the service industry and have a great appreciation for great customer service.  They delivered. 
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were clean (we were there twice in 2 weeks for several days at a time). Beds comfortable, staff attentive, room service fairly quick and the "build your own burger" was yummy. Restaurant was decent. The pesto potatoes very tasty, my filet was"ok". Only 2 issues, the first room we stayed in (437), the toilet would suddenly run very loud for about 8-10 seconds. We'd be watching TV and it would run or when sleeping it woke me up several times. It occurred about every 20 minutes. We did tell the front desk, but the woman didn't seem to take us seriously;  nothing was done. The other issue is if you have hair and like to dry/style it after your shower the hairdryer will take an hour if you have shoulder length hair. The second time we went back I brought my own.  Other than that, they were fine stays. Oh, they do a good business here, lots of weddings, so don't think you'll wait to book until the last minute, especially during summer wedding season. It gets filled!
Rating: 5
Text: I had a wonderful experience at this hotel last week when I visited. The staff at the front desk was very friendly and welcoming.I highly appreciate them
Rating: 5
Text: Very good place to stay but they dont have a refrigerator in the rooms kind of a dissapointement but the beds were very comfortable and the food was very delicious they even had places that deliver food to the hotel I definitely recommend that you stay here this hotel is the best also they give you a ride to train station or anywhere I had a great experience staying here
