Holiday Inn Express Berea
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here for the 4H state shooting sports tournament and we're not disappointed! Clean rooms, nice furnishings and the complimentary breakfast was great!  The food was fresh, good and plentiful. The lady working the breakfast bar was super nice too! Keep it up and we will see you next year!
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel has been one of the best we have been to. The rooms and bathrooms are spacious, clean, and comfortable. The indoor pool is nice and even has it's own bathrooms inside the pool area. The fitness room has good equipment. The staff was pleasant. The key cards work correctly. It is located very close to the interstate and has plenty of shopping, restaurants, and gas stations very close by. We enjoyed our stay.
Rating: 4
Text: The room is spacious for the price. The bathroom is nice, though the towels aren't particularly soft. The continental breakfast is better than average and includes steamed white rice and miso soup as options (both are delicious). The indoor pool is nice.
Rating: 1
Text: Checked in on 10-7 and check out was supposed to be tomorrow morning 10-14. We live in Houston tx and my husband works for a oil and gas company.  We travel to Richmond/Berea Ky for work. We stayed at the holiday inn in Richmond a week ago for 10 days and had a great stay. Wanted to stay there again but unfortunately they were completely full. Tonight my husband and I lay down to go to sleep because we planned on leaving at 2am to make the 15hr drive back home for a few days, and as soon as We laid down we kept hearing loud stomping above us. We politely called the front desk 2x within an hour and it never stopped. Finally We decided to go ahead and get out the road to head home. What's the point of staying if We could not sleep. We went to the desk to get our receipt and check out and she refused and told us to come back in the morning or she would mail us a receipt. That doesn't work for us. She claimed We were hostile and yelling at her and actually called the cops on us. Once We got our receipt We waited for the police to show and told them what actually happened.  The police even apologized to us and said How sorry they were that this happened.  One crazy desk clerk ruined it for the whole establishment.  We will never be back and will be staying in Richmond from
 now on. Stay far away from this place.

In response to the general managers response, we the paying guest Did not at any time act unruly.  There response to the issue at hand just goes to show that you shouldn't waste your money there. After calling corporate and lodging a formal complaint we found out that the desk clerk has had previous complaints lodged against her and the hotel hasn't done anything to remedy the situation. It is obviously not the guest who are the problem.
Rating: 4
Text: Fantastic breakfast, mostly clean room, great amenities. My family stayed here, I stayed at holiday motel across the street for $35 a night and it was cleaner, homier, friendlier and much quieter!! Would definitely recommend if you prefer a hotel vs motel and big breakfast. 
