Holiday Inn Express & Suites O'Fallon/Shiloh
Rating: 3
Text: The experience was all right, nothing special. When we checked in we were informed that we had booked a smoking room, leaving us to wonder why they were informing us of something that we had already known. Then we were moved to a non smoking room, as no smoking rooms were available when we checked in. We were given no explanation as to why this was the case. The room we stayed in had good beds and whatnot, but the mini refrigerator was absolutely disgusting - pileup in the freezer portion and goop all over the inside of the door. We had planned on using the mini refrigerator, but quickly decided against it. Other than that, it's a good place.
Rating: 4
Text: The complementary breakfast was outstanding. The beds are comfortable, amd the staff was friendly and accommodating. Television is a good size. The biggest downsize is the toilets. A small dog poop would cause that porcelain weakling to struggle. Other than that..4/5 would stay again.
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel was not bad. It does need and update really bad. The beds were lumpy and soft. The carpet in the rooms need a deep clean or replaced. The bathroom had a loose tile, ripped shower curtain, and the control for the shower was really difficult to operate. The only plus was the breakfast buffet. It had stuff for both dieting and non-dieting people.
Rating: 3
Text: Unimpressive but passable hotel.  I've stayed in 4 different hotels in the area, and this isn't the worst (or the best).  The rooms were fairly clean (but dated) and with plenty of pillows. Didn't have a king size bed available, though.  The water in the shower never quite got hot in the mornings.  The breakfast is your standard 'styrofoam plate and plastic utensil' deal that you find at most quick stay hotels.  Don't expect anything impressive, but also don't expect anything offensive.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel seems to be run ok, but it's a bit dated. The room shows it's age with poor lighting and chips in the bathtub. My particular room is in a terrible location - first floor, window faces the driveway next to the lobby, door is across from the pool and breakfast area. Breakfast is free but just average - omlette was cold, turkey sausage was overcooked.
