Holiday Inn Express & Suites St. Joseph
Rating: 4
Text: Pros - breathtaking waterfront view of Lake MI near quant St. Joseph. Huge, clean room; # 202 was apt size with wet bar. Evening reception with finger food, adult beverages 5-7. Typical HI breakfast . Good facilities overall and fast wireless. Hot tub and indoor pool.
Cons - check-in botched (gave me someone else's name/room) but worked to my advantage. Read a person's ID if you are going to ask for it! Front desk and breakfast attendant were not overly friendly. Exercise room was only large enough to fit elliptical & treadmill (nothing else).
Rating: 5
Text: This is by far one of the all-around nicest hotels that I have ever stayed at. Everything was extremely clean and stocked. We stayed in a Lake View suite, and it had an amazing view! Also, some of the toiletries were Bath & Body Works- we thought that was pretty cool. 
Apart from the room, the breakfast selection was great.  And we have a child who is gluten-free and we were always able to find plenty of food for her to eat. Some of the foods they had were bacon/sausage, pancake, bagels & muffins, omelettes, biscuits and gravy, fruit, oatmeals, etc. 
They also did these really neat "appreciation" dinners for people staying at the hotel. They did it at least 2 of the nights I was staying there. Offered hot dogs and sides one night, with beer and wine. Another night they did chicken nuggets. 
The staff was absolutely amazing. Everyone was so friendly, and made you feel at home. They were always extremely respectful, and had smiles on their faces. 
Amazing place!! I would definitely go there again, and recommend it to anyone who wants to vacation in that area.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here with a group of 6 as part of a bachelor party. Great rooms, and the shower was clean and very nice. Close to the beach as well. Would recommend!
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed in huge suite in second floor with nice view of lake. Breakfast selection was excellent
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel is located right off the lakefront. The service and check in was quick and easy. The rooms are clean and very accommodating. Next door to the hotel there is a very cute restaurant that has great homemade food. The restaurant itself stands as what used to be a home. Therefore, the atmosphere and overall experience of this particular location is convenient, ideal, and memorable
