Holiday Inn Express Elkhart North - I-80/90 Ex. 92
Rating: 2
Text: The outside facade is under construction. The desk staff were fine. Our key barely worked and when we returned from dinner did not work at all. The clerk used the master key, but no other keys worked. Partly updated room furnishings were nice. The single elevator was slow and too small. The breakfast area was too confined and seating was at no more than half of what it needed to be. Food was of average quality. Would not recommend this to others.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff was very friendly and polite. The room was super clean and neat. The bathroom was immaculate! The lobby was nice as was the pool and workout area. There is a bit of remodelling going in but it does not affect the cleanliness or accessibility of the hotel. Close to many restaraunts. Uber service was very quick also. Their breakfast consisted of scrambled eggs, bacon, Turkey sausage, biscuits, sausage gravy, cinnamon rolls, an assortment of breads and bagels etc. Cereals, milks juices etc. Also a pancake machine that makes pancakes as big as your plate!
Definitely recommend this hotel!
Rating: 5
Text: I was staying in this hotel from Finland to experience this part of the United States, and honestly I had no problems at all. The workers are always caring, and they always had a smile on their faces as well! Breakfast was different to me, but it was absolutely delicious. You have various options to choose from to suit your needs. There is a swimming pool, and also a fitness room. The TV was excellent as well, and I've discovered a few shows that I want to binge-watch and I get back. Although the only problem I had was when renovation to the hotel was occuring, and I had to get inside the hotel through the side doors. It didn't bother me too badly, and I didn't really care for it.

The summary for this review is that I recommend this hotel. You'll absolutely love this hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: My stay was quick but i was very satisfied with it at this location. Recently remodeled the room was very clean and well done with the decor and the included breakfast was tasty! I had the biscuits and gravy! The staff was very friendly both when i got there and when i left.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were very nice! Staff was accommodating. Good locale for our trip.
