Holiday Inn Express Cleveland-Vermilion
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed there last night with my three kids. My son who is 1 was teething and fussy and wouldn't go to bed. The other two were asleep when the office called 2 times for a noise complaint saying if he kept cry I would have to change rooms. So basically wake my sleeping children up, pack the baby up and are things and move. I felt very uncomfortable at that point but stayed the night because I really didn't have the money to waste. We got up at 6 and left without breakfast or anything. It was the worst experience. The beds we're hard also which didn't help.
Rating: 2
Text: It's a decent building outside of the town of Vermilion, OH. But the room I had was just a bed and a couple tables. No microwave or mini fridge in the room. The quality of the tv is pretty standard nothing special or bad. Nothing really stands out at this location. I recommend going somewhere else if you can.
Rating: 3
Text: The location was convenient. Right off the highway. However, we were put in room that was close to the lobby. I was woken several times by the lady preparing breakfast in the "kitchen" across the hallway from us. The room itself was nice. Breakfast was a nightmare. The counter space was limited, they had one last making all of the food, and you couldn't even get to the counter to get food! Extremely crowded and poor layout for breakfast. We ended up eating breakfast elsewhere. Also, the website advertised a hot tub and there wasn't one.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed overnight and were very happy. Our group had 2 rooms and they gave us conjoined when we which was great. The beds were comfy and the rooms were very clean and well kept. Overall great experience!
Rating: 3
Text: It was used as an overnight stay. We needed a roll away bed and they accommodated us and had it in the room waiting when we got there. The hotel it self was clean. They definitely need new mattresses. The roll a way bed was nothing but springs wrapped in a sheet. Had it had good mattresses and a real mattress in the roll a way I would have given it more stars.  
