Holiday Inn Omaha Downtown-Airport
Rating: 3
Text: Front desk staff very nice and helpful. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Restaurant food and staff are good. The water park area is really showing wear. The hand rails are really loose and unsafe. The pool needs a good cleaning and paint. Most of time pool towels were low or out and it wasn't busy. Overall hotel was great just water park needs refreshed.
Rating: 5
Text: Great Hotel with awesome location!  We came in for a last minute trip up from KC and were able to get a great rate on a room!  Check in was quick and easy; the kids eat free was a great perk with breakfast.

The only downside I had was parking.  We arrived around 830(ish) on Saturday night and after unloading the car I had to park a little ways away.  

Keep up the great work!
Rating: 1
Text: Came for a conference that was held in their conference room. Holiday Inn was truly an awful host. They set up breakfast type items in the morning but nowhere to set used dishes so we still had dirty dishes on our table when we left at 4pm.  The same 2-3 foot pieces of toilet paper were on the bathroom floor for the entire 2 days of the conference. The restaurant took forever and really screwed up our conference schedule. There were only 20 people in the conference and little to no other people in the restaurant but  the first day it took an hour to get our food.  The second day we preordered our food at 10:30am to be ready at 11:40 am. Needless to say, the food was not ready. The conference has been booked for months so I have no idea why there wouldn't be staff to support 20 lunch orders in a reasonable time. I paid a lot of money for this training and to have to miss content because the hotel and kitchen couldn't get their ducks in a row is unacceptable.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was great, pretty uneventful trip, kids love staying here for the water park, but it needs a little reconditioning. Parking is pretty tight, but is manageable unless the hotel is booked. We'll definitely stay here in the future..
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome one night stay I had here. It was clean, nice, and had a Keruig. The burger/bar that is connected to the place is nice. Great burger and I'd recommend anyone to stay here. I was in town for business and didn't have much time to do much else.
