Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Springfield - I-44
Rating: 4
Text: I am thoroughly enjoying my time here. So much so that I booked for another night. I even got a reduced rate. The rooms are clean and spacious . I have a single King. The bed and pillows are very comfortable. The staff are all quite friendly and accommodating. I appreciate the room service after a busy day. And the saltwater pool is open till 11pm, so there's time for an evening swim. Unfortunately there is not a refrigerator as I always bring cold cappuccino and ginger ale when I travel. All in all it is a very nice hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was clean and well kept as was our room. It was not modern and updated, but neat and tidy. The service was immpeccable. The staff were accommodating. For breakfast, we were given a coupon for our $129 rooms for cold breakfast only. Hot breakfasts cost extra.
Rating: 3
Text: I was there for a training for 4 nights. My room was very clean, and the front desk was extremely nice and helpful. I gave 3 stars for a couple of reasons. The restaurant was only open for dinner and it is expensive, the bed wasn't very comfortable, and the air conditioner didn't work very well, even after maintenance "fixed" it. These were minor problems, and I would definitely stay there again. It's also in a great location, close to lots of restaurants and the highway.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed last month for a night. It was a nice hotel, the staff was very friendly and helpful with my needs. The pool was kinda cold but hey that's okay. The staff has been great about answering my questions regarding my deposit down on the room, my bank messed it up and they were kind to help me as much as they could. Make sure you check your banks policy on holds for deposits! It's been 3 weeks and I still haven't received my $50 credentials deposit back. What a headache!! Other then that, I really enjoyed this stay.
Rating: 3
Text: I'd rate this 5 star if it had a heater that didn't blow constantly in high fan and not put out warm air after 10 minutes of being set at 80 degrees. They gave me a space heater. No microwave or fridge. Other than that, the hotel was furnished nicely and the employees were great.
