Holiday Inn Express & Suites Lebanon
Rating: 5
Text: I will stay at this motel again. Staff was very good friendly nice professional the best I have seen. Breakfast was excellent. Clean rooms. This is a 5 star.
Rating: 4
Text: This is a very nice facility. I have family in the town where it is located and I use this hotel every time I come to visit. Nice, clean rooms. Nice pool. Employees are always friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend it. 
Rating: 1
Text: This location is the worse experience I have ever had at a hotel. My pregnant wife and I get woken up by a call to our room at 8am saying we are being kicked out of our room for being loud, starting a fight in their parking lot which they say they called the cops on. We had a dog, smoked in our room, invited a party to stay in the hotel then this party they said we invited could not gain access to the room and slept in their lobby overnight making their furniture ruined. 

No matter how much we protested saying that wasn't us and no way it could have been us, the manager who is a disgrace to all managers in any line of work would not listen and kicked me and my pregnant wife out. We asked them to bring up video surveillance to prove that was not us and how could it be us if the police were called and no one knocked on our door to question us nor were we called informing that police are there for an alleged fight. They refused to bring up camera footage even after they admitted they could access it.

We could not believe the allegations. If you plan to stay here after reading this review, be warned. the snakes at the front desk and their extremely arrogant manager will make up any lie they can to kick you out of your room for no reason at all.
Rating: 5
Text: We have stayed here annually each summer. Staff is usually very friendly. Hotel is always clean, even through the recent remodel.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff is super!! But the bed was way too high. I'm 5'2" and had to hop to get in bed. At 65 that isn't good. It came to my belly button! They are remodeling and it should look very nice when done. It is not dog friendly and fully no smoking.
