Holiday Inn St. Louis Airport
Rating: 5
Text: It was a great location and safe. The front desk clerk was very professional and helpful. Rooms were clean and the bed was comfortable. Nice shuttle service.  Will definitely be coming again.
Rating: 1
Text: ? ? BEWARE, BEDBUGS HOTEL!!! ? ? 

As I have always stated, there is no bulletproof business and something could go wrong with anyone. The real problem comes when you have people in charge of running the business that don't care. The GM (Denise) of this establishment could not be less empathic to the situation I experienced even when I told her that these bugs (I was able to catch one and take it to her in a plastic cup) can spread Chagas and Lyme diseases... And right after the whole discussion, she just sent me to another room where she had already left me a couple of food coupons to use at the restaurant of the hotel. Went to the front desk, returned those and asked the staff to please tell her that was unacceptable. Never heard back from her again.

In reality, by the looks of the hotel you might go like, OK, just another 3 star hotel by the airport... But you know what? My health is my top priority and people who take it lightly, do not deserve my business.

? ? BEWARE, BEDBUGS HOTEL!!! ? ?
Rating: 3
Text: Thankfully it was only an overnight stay. The staff was extremely nice and very accommodating. My issue is with the room itself. I went to use the sink on two seperate occasions ans both of them were clogged. One being in my room and other with the public restroom next to the pool. Clogged sinks and showers are huge for me, maybe it's old plumbing. Other than that it was fine. Hand one of the cheapest pet fees that I've seen on my trip thus far.
Rating: 4
Text: Location bear the airport was great for our early flight. Bed was comfortable. Restaurant (burger bar) was just okay. Check-in was easy, if not especially friendly. Basically, I feel I got good value for my points, but if HI Express had been the same price, I would have stayed there.
Rating: 4
Text: Comfortable rooms, friendly staff, and ubiquitous coffee, like all Holiday's Inn. They have thoughtfully included a series of three power outlets on the nightstand - a little nice touch that is often missing in other hotels. Unfortunately, there is a green LED on the side of the power supply that is aimed directly at my face when I sleep. I covered it with my hat, which solved the problem.
