Holiday Inn St. Louis-Fairview Heights
Rating: 5
Text: An absolutely beautiful hotel!  Friendly staff that were very eager to help make our stay the best it could be!  Very clean, spacious rooms. The beds and pillows were perfect. Nice size and very clean bathrooms. Plus, easy to find, easy to get to, and good restaurants close by!  Awesome place. We will be back!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: I am an IHG platinum member and stay in numerous Holiday Inn Express hotels throughout Missouri and Illinois.  Be sure not to leave anything in your room at the Fairview Heights, Illinois location.  I called the front desk immediately after I discovered that I left an item in the room.  They sent me to housekeeping where I left a message.  Called the next day and left another message.  Called a third time and spoke to the front desk manager who said that housekeeping doesn't check their messages.  What?...Why did they forward me into the voicemail?  Of coarse, no one can find the item that was safely secured in my room after checkout.
Rating: 3
Text: We had some problems with the hotel.  At 730 am a housekeeper let herself in the room without knocking or announcing herself.  At 900 am, the water to the room turned off while my wife was in the shower.  20 minutes later it was back on.  The room was ok, but really felt cramped as my wife and I moved past each other.  There was also mold in the shower.  The bright spot was the wait staff. They were very pleasant.  I wouldn't say to stay away, but I would not recommend the hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice rooms, but needed to vacuumed. Dinner, bar, breakfast available but not included in price. Staff was nice.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean and well maintained. It was the weekend before the eclipse do pruces were high. The woman at the front desk told us there was only one room left....she also told that to at least three other people. That felt dishonest. We ate at the restaurant and the food was good. The service was so so. Overall not the best value for the money.
