Holiday Inn Express & Suites Sunbury-Columbus Area
Rating: 4
Text: Convenient location to Columbus without being downtown. Recently renovated large rooms with comfortable beds. Friendly and helpful staff! The concierge went above and beyond when asked about a local place to get  a pedicure they googled directions and called ahead to make sure we could get in! Good breakfast. Nice clean pool. Only complaint was when check out time is at 12 and housekeeping knocks on the door at 9 to start cleaning and woke us up.
Rating: 5
Text: The front desk clerk was kind and welcoming. She warned us about construction on the hotel, and made it sound much worse than it was. The room was nice and the pool looked very inviting. Slept through breakfast so i can't comment on that.
Rating: 2
Text: The beds are terrible. Hopefully they are replacing them as part of the renovation. My smoke alarm was hanging from my ceiling. The housekeeping staff came in my room despite having a do not disturb note on my door and left me a message that they wouldn't make my bed because of my personal belongings! I didn't want them in the room in the first place. However, they came in anyway and didn't bother to fix the dangling smoke alarm. Shower isn't working properly. In all fairness, I feel like as they take over more rooms to renovate, the worst rooms are the ones left. Maybe waiting about 6 months before visiting this hotel would be a good idea. Although I'm still upset about the housekeeping issue. It makes me feel like they entered my room to look for stuff. Especially since they didn't clean anything.
Rating: 3
Text: This Holiday Inn had plenty of up front parking. We were greeted promptly and check-in was easy. Room, with a king-size bed, was clean and fairly modern. Wish there had been more power outlets or options for plugs. Also, vending machines close by, but they are cash only. Didn't have time to check out pool, which is outdoors. Hotel also offers a continental breakfast for guests.
Rating: 4
Text: The new renovations were still in progress but our finished room was very nice. The staff at the desk was very nice too!
