Holiday Inn Express Omaha West - 90th St
Rating: 3
Text: The staff were very friendly & welcoming.  They let us check in early so we could watch the kick-off of the Nebraska game at 2:30.  But our stay was full of annoying little details.
--The channel guide didn't list the channel that the game was supposed to be on & the front desk was no help.  We had to go up the channels one by one until we found it...on channel 80!!!
--Only one of our room keys worked so we had to go back to the front desk to get another one.
--The air conditioner made a horrible sound every time it turned on.  We told the front desk when we went out for snacks at half time & she said she would switch our rooms.
--She had our keys ready for us when we got back...again only one key worked so back to the front desk.
--This room didn't have a TV remote & trying to change channels manually only took it to channel 70.  By the time she brought a new remote & got it off analogue, we'd missed one of the touchdowns.

All little annoyances which the staff fixed quickly, but not what I expected for what I paid.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean rooms. Nice staff. Tasty breakfast. Finding parking was difficult one of the nights when we came back from a wedding. So maybe it could use a larger lot. But overall a pleasant experience.
Rating: 3
Text: Not the worst but not the best. WiFi was subpar and they have no Ethernet Jack's (at least there wasn't one in my room). Didn't seem to be the cleanest place but it's also kinda old. Beds were comfortable ( bed in my room was not firm if that's what your looking for). TV remote had some issues where only power and volume buttons worked. Sink constantly ran in my rooms bathroom as it couldnt be completely shut off. Breakfast is good. Still not the worst I have stayed at and could've done worse. Could've done better though even with another HIE.
Rating: 3
Text: We stayed here on our wedding night. After quite a bit of confusion, we were given one night free in their nicest suite. They had a welcome basket with some wine, champagne flutes, and a few other goodies. It was very nice.
However, we were promised a shuttle and after much back and forth, were told that the shuttle was good to go. Then, come our wedding day, we had our guests saying they waited so long for the shuttle that they eventually had to call an Uber or they would miss our wedding. I'm furious.
Rating: 4
Text: I am very impressed with this hotel! There are a lot of little extra touches that I have not experienced at other hotels lately. During the week there is a welcome reception with free drinks and snacks, and around 8pm they serve milk and warm cookies, which is both delicious and adorable. They have ice water in the lobby infused with fruit which is refreshing. Breakfast is included and was very substantial: eggs (hard boiled or cheese omelet), sausage, fruit, cereal, yogurt, toast etc. My room was clean and included a fridge and microwave, which I appreciated for my diner leftovers.
So whats the reason for only 4 stars? Two things, one small one big- the shower head seemed to spray water everywhere except directly on to me, including through the not waterproof curtain on to the floor. Next the location is a bit annoying. You CANNOT turn left out of the hotel so it is pretty difficult to head in to downtown Omaha without looping around a bunch of back streets or driving way out of your way. Just be aware that you'll need to do some fancy maneuvering to get where you want to go.
