Holiday Inn Kansas City Downtown - Aladdin
Rating: 3
Text: Small rooms no complementary breakfast but complementary champagne on arrival was kinda nice. Beds are comfy. Strange banging below our room in the middle of the night. Loud late night neighbors. Nice old beautiful architecture inside and out. Water pressure in sink is excessive but easy to barely turn on to achieve perfect pressure without spraying yourself. Double headed shower. No hot tub or pool :( very nice staff. Be sure to put do not disturb on door to prevent house keeping from inquiring about cleaning your room in the morning. Breakfast buffet was 16 each, we arrived hour before quit serving everything was cleaned out and biscuits took forever to make. Oh well.
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel's art deco and staff make it amazing!  The rooms are cute and the beds are extremely comfortable.  The rooms aren't huge but they make the best if the space and everything (& everyone) is very welcoming.  The champagne check in was an added bonus!

I left off one star because the rooms and halls are old.  They have made the most of what they are working with but we could here the loud people across the hall from within our room & the gap around the door was pretty severe.  You could see into the hallway.   Even with that said, I will happily stay here again!
Rating: 4
Text: Good location in proximity to the Convention Center. Relatively close to a lot of restaurants. The rooms are really small. The bathrooms are also. Neat, historical building with it being an old Post Office, so that adds a touch of nostalgia. The restaurant on the bottom floor is good quality but takes an extended period to get your order. The staff is very nice/friendly. All facilities were ok on cleanliness, but not normal Holiday Inn cleanliness. I would come back to stay here, I think, especially if the prices were less expensive as was the case on this trip. I wouldn’t pay more for this room than a room next door at the Marriott.
Rating: 2
Text: Small, outdated rooms. Even the nonsmoking rooms still smelled like cigarettes. We paid extra for "cooked-to-order" breakfast, when we arrived to eat they informed us they are not offering hot items; only cold. We checked out the cold items buffet- there were a couple yogurts, muffins and cereal. We decided to order hot breakfast items. Total was $30- all of the eggs bacon and breakfast potatoes were over cooked. Potatoes were severely freezer burnt. Parking is $12 and you have to pay each time you leave and come back. Or you can opt for valet which is $18. I am usually a big fan of Holiday Inn's but will not return to this specific location.
Rating: 4
Text: The location is fairly easy to get to. There is a parking garage across the street with a $12 daily fee. The elevator is small, unable to comfortably hold more that 3-5 people. The room we stayed in was comfortable and spacious. It was also clean and had no unusual smells. The view out of the window was great at night as we gazed upon lit up downtown KC.
