Holiday Inn KCI Airport
Rating: 4
Text: The burgers were delicious. Good core group of brews. Good cocktail selection. The bartender Ashley was amazing! The only reason it doesn't get a 5* is because we sat at the bar for 20min with the evening sun shining right in our eyes with no option for  Ashley to close a shade (there wasn't one) and the AC was not at an adequate temp for the restaurant to be comfortable. Other than environmental details, this is a nice place to relax, get a brew and build a delicious gourmet burger, or pick one of theirs. Kim and I did one of each and loved them both.
Rating: 2
Text: The bed was good. The shower was good. Check-out is noon. We wanted to sleep in. They don't have that.  Room service was knocking on the door before 9 a.m. I couldn't understand how they didn't know we had not checked-out. THERE IS NO CHECKOUT. You just leave.  'Complimentary breakfast bar' means coffee. There isn't even hot water for tea. Breakfast buffet was available for $13. Keurig machine didn't work. No fridge. No microwave in the room. It's in their little pantry. Coke machine didn't dispense properly. Very different from other Holiday Inn Expresses. The bar taps were not functioning right. But O.J. (bartender) was great.
Rating: 2
Text: For the $ we expected a clean room with more than 2 washcloths. They have signs up everywhere that they are remodeling but it’s like they had part of our room done and weren’t able to finish it. You could see dust all over the interior doors and the glass on the framed artwork had splatters of something on them. I used to work in housekeeping at a hotel and this never would have passed inspection. This is the first time I haven’t left a tip for the housekeeper. The staff was very friendly. I would not recommend the chicken strips in the restaurant as they were dripping with grease.
Rating: 4
Text: Overall a good hotel to stay at. I called ahead and requested a room with a fridge and microwave which we got. The hotel is very nice and clean. Beds were very comfortable. Only issues i had were some stains on our pillows which got replaced right away and the front desk staff and burger theory staff werent very welcoming or friendly. The breakfast buffet was very bland and the food off of the menu is a little pricey for what you get. Glad we had free breakfast tickets or i would have not paid to eat there.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice rooms, incredibly helpful and friendly staff. Very convenient to the airport. Shuttle service is the best. Timely and friendly!  Great restaurant. 
