Holiday Inn Express & Suites East Wichita I-35 Andover
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly staff, extremely clean comfortable room. Brian at the front desk has a wonderful singing voice and it's nice after a long road trip to come in and hear his beautiful voice. Extremely good service! Fantastic shower great water pressure! I will definitely stay here again. Holiday the dog at the front desk is cool
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean rooms and common areas.  Every staff member we came in contact with was very polite and accommodating.  Great regular services offered with lots of extra touches. Tracey at the front desk helped us out alot when my son left his game charger, and just smiled like it was normal every day for her.
Rating: 5
Text: I speak to you all today not in the wake of a disturbance, nor cleanliness issue, nor substandard service. Instead, I speak to you of a man who changed the world. Or at least, my world for that matter. 

The front-desk clerk who was working on the night of Thursday, June 29th, 2017, is a man I would trust with my life. If ever I cross paths with him again, I would surely tip him all of the money in my bank account for the Holiday Inn Express® experience that he provided for us last night. 

Not only was his service on par, if not surpassing that of an Upper East Side black tie affair, but his sense of humor and humble eminence made me question what it really means to be a legend. I would give anything to know his name, let alone hear him tell another funny anecdote about his homestead life in Kansas. 

I detach the word "legend" hereby from tales of valor and strength. The man working the front desk last night, was a true, living legend. I will never forget the feeling of inspiration and divine influence from meeting a true legend. The days of medieval princes, saving the lives of peasants are long gone...-
For here, we have an icon, a giant...working along a court jester; when he should be king of the castle.
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean everyone here is very friendly and oh my gosh they have a dog they rescued and her name is holiday and she's such a sweet baby girl
Rating: 5
Text: Great location. Easy to get to places we needed. Stayed before and probably will again.
