Holiday Inn Express & Suites Aurora - Naperville
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I used this hotel for our wedding weekend. Gretchen, the general manager, and Trevor who is in charge of sales were AMAZING to work with. We booked their conference room for an informal rehearsal dinner and Trevor helped bartend the event and ensured all ran smoothly. Trevor also offered us an unexpected additional upgrade when a new room became available to us (we had already had an upgrade). We loved our experience with these 2 people. Customer service, good customer service, truly makes such a huge difference.
Rating: 2
Text: Hotel used to be a Comfort Inn.  The rooms are great, new and updated but they do not have guest laundry  at all , so if that will be an issue, then  you should choose one of the other many hotels in the area.

They are also not very conveniently located  to  the interstate.  You have to cut through town etc..  But if you are going to the Two Brothers  Round House or the downtown Aurora area, then  they are right there.

We also noticed some of the patrons to the homeless shelter a couple of blocks away  wandering around  on the street next to and in front of the hotel which did not make us feel  super secure with our car etc.. and the hotel is located literally right in front of the train tracks for the Metra which runs all night.

If you are a light sleeper you may want to get a room facing the front.

SO the rooms are great, staff is great, breakfast was great... but   we can only give it a  2 star rating because of the other reasons.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean, and very nice. Did not spend much time at the hotel, but staff was pleasant. Also had security patrolling outside to ensure patrons from neighboring bar did not cause trouble overnight.
Rating: 5
Text: After a string of terrible hotel experiences during our cross country move, this Hotel was breath of fresh air. Gerardo at the front desk was very helpful. The hotel is modern and very clean. I was impressed by the sound proofing of the building. It is right next the train tracks and you can't hear it, even in the pool area that faces the tracks. Would stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: Very surprised in a good way. Awesome new holiday Inn express. Updated rooms and a great rate. Could not believe there were trains across from the hotel and never heard a thing. The round brothers next door was awesome and breakfast was amazing. Will be back
