Holiday Inn Express & Suites Port Clinton-Catawba Island
Rating: 4
Text: Staff was excellent. Very nice breakfast was good and well attended by the staff. The room was a little dated but the shower head was awesome.
Rating: 2
Text: Very dirty. We stayed the first week of August 2017 for a couple of nights. The room's bed in a bag kit had been used (hair and crumbs in the sheets). The pool and hot tub had clumps of hair and dead bugs floating in them, there was a huge wad of paper thrown on the ceiling above the hot tub, and the life saving equipment was covered in cobwebs. The common room where the breakfast was served was ok, until you climbed the steps to the second floor and could see the thick, thick dust and dead bugs on all of the fixtures over the eating area. I'll say this, though - the staff was very nice. 
Rating: 2
Text: The staff at this property was very helpful! The location is close enough to cedar point and Kelley's Island, our weekend destinations. Upon check-in to our room on the first floor we noticed the room smelled like mildew. Went to the front desk to inform the staff, the gentlemen handed me a bottle of air freshener to spray in the room... Seemed kind of odd but went with it. Did notice quite a few bugs on the A/C system near the window... a housekeeper came to clean it soon after we arrived and let the front desk staff know. The room that we had been assigned was a handicapped room with a bigger shower ( fine by me) the only problem we had with that was the water did not drain very well and could lead to a slip in the bathroom after a shower. That being said I am a platinum ambassador member and I asked for a 2pm checkout and the front desk agent declined and said we had to leave by 12:30, unfortunate end to our stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful visit! Staff was so sweet and kind and the breakfast was great!
Rating: 5
Text: The staff was great. The website said they were sold out but they assured me they had room for my family and me. They treated us like royalty. I highly recommend this hotel if you're in the area!
