Holiday Inn Chicago North Shore (Skokie)
Rating: 4
Text: Service for dinner was pretty good until our server forgot to serve coffee after dessert! Lobby and banquet room could use a make over. Showing its age via decor. But not bad overall. However I would never hold a personal event there.
Rating: 3
Text: The front desk staff try to make your stay pleasant, but the hotel rooms are in dire need of some TLC. The lobby, fitness room, restaurant, bar, and other common areas give the impression of a very nice hotel - kind of misleading. My room was on the Niles Center Road side, so I asked them if I there were accessible doors so I could park closer to my room. The front desk clerk said yes, so I pulled my car around, took my suitcases out of the car, and tried to open the door with both my room keys. The rusted, decrepit mechanism didn't budge after repeated attempts. I also wasn't keen on the parking lot on this side of the building, so I dragged my suitcases back to the car and parked in the front parking lot again. 

The so-called blackout curtains were so short they did not block out the incredibly bright hall lights. I spent 25 minutes trying to push pillows, table, and chairs up against them, to no avail. Remarkably, the soundproofing was very good and I only heard street traffic once. The room itself was OK, but pretty mediocre and in need up some upgrades. I expect better from a Holiday Inn, especially considering their prices rival far nicer hotels!
Rating: 5
Text: When I arrived at the hotel the front desk was extremely courteous, and very quick to help us get checked in so we can get to our room and drop off our stuff. When we came back to the desk and asked about recommendations for local food places to eat they gave us both a pizza place and a place for Chicago-style hot dogs each location was amazing. The breakfast in the morning was ready when it's when they said it would be, well organized, and the staff working at it were extremely polite. My next trip to Chicago I will definitely stay at this location.
Rating: 3
Text: Lots of space.  Poor water pressure. Deep pool. Cold hot tub.  Place feels empty. Comfy bar.  Firm comfy bed.  Big workyout roomy. Kick ass bar.
Rating: 1
Text: Very poor wait 45 minutes to be served. Then serve without silverware. Other guests went and sat by the bar and orders were taken immediately. When i went in i. sat. By the. Bar and the bartender ask me to move over to the side . it's like i was ignored the wholetime the.lady also in the group did not get her order. I have been here man y times and enjoy?  good service but today poor. Seminar was schedule therefore staff.   Should be available to cater for guests.many.in the group walk out tired of waiting
