Holiday Inn Near the University of Michigan
Rating: 5
Text: Great service and very comfortable rooms.... We stayed here during our tour of the great lakes. This was a road trip and we had booked our stay ahead but checked in very late (around 1 am) and were supposed to check out in the morning. The receptionist offered to extend our check out time so we could rest well for our long drive ahead. He also gave us a very quiet and spacious room. We felt really comfortable.
Rating: 2
Text: The front desk people seemed to be annoyed to be there.  The rooms were OK, and you know it is classy when there is a bottle opener mounted next to the shower!  It was OK, but definitely not great.  I found myself regularly checking the sheets and towels, skeptical if they were clean.  On the plus side, parking was easy and the attached restaurant had decent comfort food.  I'll probably stay somewhere else next time I'm in town.
Rating: 5
Text: Was at guy hollerins inside the hotel for Blues And Brews. Great band The Sun Messengers gave an outstanding performance. I did not stay at the hotel but can say it caters to a diverse crowd. All around a fun experience.
Rating: 4
Text: The Holiday inn was good. It was clean, the workers were nice, and the room was good as well. The inn has an indoor and outdoor pool, but we're closed at the moment. Other than this, my stay was enjoyable.
Rating: 4
Text: Rm. 130 faced the pool and allowed me easy access to the pool & whirlpool via my patio door. It was also very close to where I parked my motorcycle, making loading and unloading easy. Laundry room was a big bonus and the prices were reasonable. Only downside was breakfast. It consisted of very fatty foods, high sugar content cereals, tired-looking fruit, and 0% yoghourt filled with sugar & gelatin. I only ate there once. Noisy in the courtyard because of 50+ exterior a/c units blasting into the pool area.
Staff were great and allowed me to borrow a set of porcelain dishes so that I could have breakfast cereal and coffee in my room. Having a fridge was great.
