Holiday Inn Express London-I-70
Rating: 4
Text: Not what I expected for a hotel in the middle of nowhere. They have definitely updated everything recently. The hallways are clean and well lit. The rooms are very nice with updated bathrooms and fresh paint. Comfortable beds with ample pillows. New TV and remote. The Holiday Inn Express Breakfast is always good. Don't forget those cinnamon rolls. Staff was very friendly! The pancake machine ran out of batter. We told the staff and they loaded it up quick and then brought my wife two pancakes. Highly recommend. Great job by current owners. Only complaint is no big sign on road, turn in at the Motel 6 sign, the Holiday Inn is across the parking lot from them.
Rating: 5
Text: I stay here every time I come to London except my last visit because they were full. Any issue I have had they are on top of it. Staff is helpful. It is clean and quiet everything I need in a hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: I am IHG rewards customer and have stayed at various hotels using the government rate as I have worked 32+ for the postal service. I was challenged to show my I d which I usually always have but didn't and was going to have to pay a higher rate. I have never been challenged at any hotel. The manager intervened and said we could stay. I wish we would have moved on. The curtains in the room were filthy, the lamp shade on the desk was cracked and broken, there were no towel racks anywhere and to top it all off when my wife went to take a shower the wash rag she was using looked like it had been used for a cleaning rag it was so stained.The mattress was an el cheapo worst mattress I slept in in a long while. We are supposed to stay another but will be moving on. This hotel does not live up to holiday Inn standards.
Rating: 4
Text: Adequate hotel in the middle of nowhere. Decent breakfast offerings, keys kept deactivating, but that could've been my fault. Beds are comfortable. My only real complaint is the water, it smelled strongly of some kind of metal.
Rating: 5
Text: The people that works there are really nice. The swimming pool was awesome. I would definitely recommend this hotel.
