Holiday Inn Express & Suites Independence-Kansas City
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here one night on our way to the Lake of the Ozarks. Our initial impression wasn't great. We arrived at 9 p.m. and the front desk attendant was not the most welcoming or friendly person. Although we were the only people checking in, she rushed us through check-in, barely acknowledging our presence. The visit was redeemed, however, the next day by Scott. When my sons and I arrived for breakfast, he was exceptionally kind. He told my 6-year-old that if he cleaned his plate, that he'd let him have a sucker. He helped my son get his food and make pancakes. I really appreciated his thoughtfulness that morning, but it didn't stop there. After we checked out and were an hour down the road, my son realized that he left his medical bracelet in the room. I called the hotel and spoke to Scott about it. He told me he'd send it to my home priority mail, which he did. Scott took this visit from good to great. Everything else at the hotel was great. The rooms and decor have been refreshed and updated. The rooms are comfortable and clean, the hot breakfasts are filling and tasty, and the pool and workout facilities are more than adequate. I highly recommend this hotel.
Rating: 2
Text: Check-in was quick and easy. The room is clean and spacious. The beds are more firm than my personal mattress, but still comfortable. The staff is friendly! I was very thankful they had a small sewing kit so I was able to repair my dress for a wedding. I will be staying here in the future if travels bring me back into the are. 
Update: I went to sleep with no bug bites and woke up with itchy red bumps, bites on my foot and ankle...
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly and helpful staff. Our suite was clean and comfortable. The breakfast bar had a nice selection of hot items as well as fresh fruit and juices. They are just minutes from the K with plenty of food and shopping nearby. The only negative is the pool area closes at 10, therefore you can't have a bubbly soak after the game.
Rating: 4
Text: By far one of the friendliest staff I have ever encountered in the USA. Breakfast and fitness room had plenty of selections. Bedrooms were clean and comfortable. Bathtub had an old stain otherwise the bathroom was clean and spacious.
Rating: 4
Text: This Holiday Inn Express in Independence Missouri is brand new and the room very comfortable. The staff here was generally friendly and helpful. There are many restaurants and shopping opportunities within a ten minute radius, as well as walking and running trails. 
