Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Peru
Rating: 3
Text: Nice large room. Great breakfast selection.  Decent staff. Comforter had a huge urine stain and housekeeping kept reusing our old sheets, even after we asked them not too. 
Rating: 5
Text: Room 330. Was Amazing. Hot tub for 2 in bedroom was a complete surprise. Pool was nice temperature but very cloudy. Breakfast was nice and lots of great choices . Wonderful place to stay!
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful rooms and comfortable bed. Tv options didnt work that well. A couple times i had to adjust the cable to fix it. Other than that superb
Rating: 3
Text: The desk attendant was amazing!!!! Jake had a huge line of people and queue of phone calls when we checked in, and handled everything swiftly and professionally. The room was nice (two firmnesses of pillows on the bed!), but the luggage carts were very hard to maneuver. Swimming pool was warm but underwhelming, and the hot tub wasn't all that hot either. The windows in the pool room were right along the street which was uncomfortably un-private. I also found a lot of grass and a dead beetle in the pool room, mysteriously. The tap water tasted disgusting but I don't think that was the hotel's fault because it was nasty in the businesses across the street too. There was a keurig in the room with some complimentary coffee, as well as a fridge and microwave which are always nice to have. The toiletries had a very strong fragrance. It was an inoffensive scent but something to keep in mind if you have fume or skin sensitivities. Breakfast was very good! Lots of options and the employee taking care of the dining room kept the food fresh and hot on the buffet. Overall the building was not great, but the staff and service was wonderful.
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms were underwhelming for the price, and the swimming pool and hot tub were very overchlorinated. At our check in time which was around 9pm, many people were checking in at once and the one (1) employee working the entire hotel on a weekend evening in summer (!!) was very overwhelmed by check ins, phone calls, and guests needs. Breakfast, however, was very good, with a wide selection of good food.
