Holiday Inn Express & Suites Charlotte
Rating: 4
Text: Service has been adequate. Hot breakfast adequate. Bathroom looks like some work has been done on the tub. Not terrible, probably the best of the surrounding area that I've seen.
Rating: 5
Text: Perfect weekend getaway! Indoor pool, hot tubs, and free breakfast(: it's also usually quiet so sleeping isn't as difficult as other places.
Rating: 3
Text: Front desk unhelpful with error in our reservation causing us to pay $30 more per night. Kept losing wifi connection which was slow and erratic, cabinet door to fridge access was broken, ice machine on our floor had been removed necessitating trips to other floors. Toilet did not flush properly. Discovered two wadded up bath towels behind a chair when we tried to plug in an unplugged floor lamp. The room itself was satisfactory and the breakfast was identical to other HolIday Inn Expresses we had been to. Calls to front desk were not answered.

REPLY: Your reply below is noted. What would have been appreciated is  help at the time needed, "How can I help you with this?" would have gone a long way at the time. After an 8 hr drive, the last thing a traveler wants to hear is to go fix the reservation yourself. Your guest computer/wifi never processed the new reservation (that we were making 20 feet from the front desk) and we ended up having to use my phone. A 30 minute delay seems like an eternity after a long day. In fact, I have never had such a response, and makes me wonder what benefit the HI Exp membership is.
Rating: 5
Text: Hot tub, jacuzzi baths, conviently located next to Meijer and urgent care. Nice small town restaurants. Not far from Lansing.
Rating: 3
Text: Dirty towels were left in the room on the floor. The refrigerator cabinet door was hanging off. The online reservation site misleadingly defaulted to a different date than what we wanted so we had no reservations, the front desk did not honor our wrongly dated reservation price and we had to pay more per night, thry were not accommodating at all.
