Holiday Inn Express Janesville-I-90 & Us Hwy 14
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel was very clean and the staff was very friendly and professional.  Breakfast was delicious with lots of options for everyone.  The one reason I gave this four stars instead of five was the cost of the room.  We paid 179.00 per night, so with taxes, etc. it was over $200.00.  We were traveling for a funeral, so our travel plans were urgent and last-minute according to the time frame when we normally schedule hotels, trips.  I would definitely stay here again if we could get a lower rate.  I am an IHG member, and inquired about a lower rate, but was told it was not possible.  If I had a bit more time to plan, I would have searched for a room at another hotel at a lower rate.  This one was very convenient, but costly.
Rating: 3
Text: We were originally quoted 170 per night but then after we had said we'd find another hotel as that was out of our budget the price was lowered to 109. We are rewards members so maybe that was the difference we needed. The room was a great size though the bathroom shower could have used a little more love. Breakfast however was the biggest disappointment. The eggs either had peppers or the equivalent of cheese whiz on the inside in an omelette style and the biscuits with gravy had very little flavor. I know it's free breakfast but I'd have loved some plain scrambled eggs. Overall it's a pretty nice place.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel and their rooms are clean. The lobby is pretty. The staff is friendly. We were walking distance to shopping and restaurants. The best part is their free breakfast. They offered hot scrambled eggs, sausage patties, biscuits, sausage gravy, cinnamon rolls, oatmeal, coffee, tea, cocoa. Cold ceral and milk yogurt, bananas, apples, oranges. Bagels and breads.
Rating: 5
Text: Have not stayed here overnight, but I have attended many professional events at this hotel. It's always clean and staff are helpful and friendly. This hotel is conveniently located near highways and restaurants and I would not hesitate to stay here overnight.
Rating: 3
Text: It's a nice place but I wish they took better care of my room. They had dusts all over the furnitures and a dirty coffee maker in the room. I was tired and didn't bother complaining about it.
