Holiday Inn Express Fremont (Angola Area)
Rating: 1
Text: What a rip off.  Used my cell to check rates online and it showed $95/night.  It was midnight and we were too tired to drive further  to Northern Virginia.  The hotel clerk rung me up at $140/night for a single King so I asked for the cheapest room.  She said a single Queen for $9 less.  Really?  SHAME ON YOU-- Holiday Inn Express for gouging.  This will be the last time we stay at a Holiday Inn Express.

Room:  decent condition; mini fridge; hair dryer; no safe; 36" TV; nice King size bed

Bathroom:  missing one bath towel-- only 3 towels but normally 4; should have put a fresh roll of toilet paper in the loo since only about 1/4 inch of tissue was left on current roll

Parking:  hitched trailers and long bed pick-up trucks might find the parking a bit tight and difficult to maneuver; not sure a bus could park in the lot
Rating: 2
Text: Front desk personnel were quite pleasant but this property is in dire need of updates. The room fridge was so loud it needed unplugged. Unfortunately the room AC was almost as loud. Had to turn the temp way up to minimize how much it was on. The phone in room was an ancient cordless that was unplugged from power. I had to struggle to plug it back up and charge it so my wife could call. The smoke detector was so yellowed it looked 20 years old. I tried posting this on Holiday's Inn site but they didn't accept this review due to their acceptable use policy? I have had three separate bad experiences in a row at this chain and am done with them.
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed on first floor. Carpet was sticky, k-cup machine was dirty, low water pressure, and the drain in the tub could not keep up. Bed was good though. Easy check in/check out.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I have stayed ar this hotel many times and on our early stays I was so disappointed with the rooms but wirh limited accomodations in the area we kept going back. I am so glad we didn't give up as the hotel has been remodeled from the towels to the wallpaper-our last stay was for four nights and it was such a pleasure and the beds and bedding are so comfortable.The staff is very friendly and a pleasure to talk with. I look forward to our upcoming trip back to this diamond that I almost gave up on. Keep up the great work!
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was nice enough, but the rooms weren't particularly clean, and my room had a strong mildew smell. It improved once I turned the air on, but never really went away. However, the breakfast was great!
