Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Barboursville
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel is very nice, clean, love the lobby and the fish tank... everything was good except the food the breakfast buffet was cold other wise good selection. For dinner I had a burger that was burnt black they can use help with the food but besides that very good
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this location 0 stars I would. The staff and management are severely under trained and put the Holiday Inn name to shame. My husband is a disabled veteran who requires a service animal and was mocked and called disrespectful names such as "kid," "bud," and "problem child." Anna, the person on staff when he initially went to check in went so far as to laugh and say that she paid a fee online so she would be able to call her PET chihuahua a service animal and take it anywhere she wanted too. They charged us an illegal $25 "incidentals" PET fee, which is never allowed under the Americans with Disabilities Act & made him fill out a PET form. She begrudgingly provided us with a copy, created by Marcie, the general manager, see included photo.  Jacob, who was working the desk at check out is the one who my husband asked why the $25 fee was charged (it showed up on our bank statement, when our receipt showed we were only to pay $101) assured us that he had worked there 9 years and said he knew what they could and could not charge, referring to the illegal service animal fee. We have stayed at Holiday Inn locations before, including the one in Huntington, with absolutely zero issues and respectful, knowledgeable staff. They also asked for his "disability card" and documentation about his health - a HIPAA violation, do you ask people why they require a wheelchair or medication? I suggest if anyone in your family has a disability that requires medical equipment, not to stay here unless they feel like being treated like a second class citizen and mocked by the ignorant staff and unconcerned management. 
Rating: 4
Text: Staff was great! Room was clean but not brand new. Hotel was well maintained. Breakfast buffet was not worth what we paid for it.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean comfortable accommodations.  Indoor pool and spa.  Restaurant and bar located in the hotel.  Beautiful salt water aquarium in the lobby. Staff is extremely helpful and friendly.  Dog and service animal friendly. Would highly recommend this hotel for a short or long term stay. 
Rating: 4
Text: Good. The only thing I'd mention is it's primarily a hotel, and not so much with the "suites". All rooms have a microwave and fridge, but there's only so much you can do with them when there's no sink, silverware or plates etc. unless you get a suite that is. Booking on Booking dot com doesn't tell you which are suites and which are not, and the regular site isn't clear what you get either. It seems a king room at $120 and a king room at $150 means the $150 one is the suite, but that's just a guess. Best bet is to book and call ahead and check. Pets are $25 each per night by the way as of May 2017.
