Holiday Inn Rolling Meadows Schaumburg Chicago Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: The meeting hall is very accommodating as it has a large space for the amount of people that are attending our church event. The service is excellent as employees are always available and ready to assist with getting things such as extra chairs or carpets. As I'm staying in a room, it is excellent as it has ample lighting, two beds, two chairs and iron table and hair dryer. The recreational area is phenomenal as well as it provides a wide array of activities for those attending our event such as the fitness center or the basketball court. Highly recommend this hotel to others.
Rating: 1
Text: I’m stuck here tonight with a really really loud fan noise in the bathroom. Supposedly it turns off at 10 PM and turns back on at 6 AM. Front desk says it’s in all the rooms. It’s so loud and the television doesn’t even drown it out. Shutting the bathroom door doesn’t help at all; it is that loud. As soon as I post this I will try to move to another hotel for tomorrow. Who cares about cleanliness or amenities when I’m forced to be in a room with a sound as loud as a leaf blower or lawn mower. And the shower is a hand held thing that only dribbles out water. I booked a room in another hotel for tomorrow. If I could check out tonight I most surely would.
Rating: 1
Text: The establishment is very nice.  However Cassandra the front desk supervisor was dishonest And very rude.  I spent close to 300 dollars for my stay and have never been treated so poorly even at cheap hotels.
Rating: 2
Text: Really disappointed in the hotel.  The hotel itself was outdated.  Staff was not helpful...I wanted to take a shuttle to the airport but they came up with a number of excuses why they couldn't do it. The only thing I liked about the hotel is that it is near the mall.
Rating: 1
Text: I think this hotel's rates are extremely high for nothing!! I do not think if it is supposed to be called, "Holiday Inn Hotel"!!!. The room I was given at the firs place, it was smell dust really, full of dust everywhere!! The chair was torn our all over, the towels had a lot of stains and almost changed color from white to brown!! The hallway was really dark!! I had to take the picture of all this mess and went to show to supervisor at the front desk, before she changed me to another room (The renovated one).

I think this hotel has to close down and be taken care of, otherwise it is destroying the great name of Holiday Inn Hotel. Couple months ago, I slept in Marriott hotel, just like 25 miles East of this hotel, it was not even a hundred dollars per night, but it was cleaner, better customer service and free breakfast; but this one of $135 is almost nothing. The truth is, I regret of choosing this hotel, I don't think I will even think of coming back there in the future! I am sorry!!! 

Alternative, this hotel has to charge at least $75 or $70 while doing the renovation, then after completing the renovation fully can think of adjusting the rate back to regular price. I think can make more sense!!!

Thank you.
