Holiday Inn Express & Suites Lansing-Dimondale
Rating: 5
Text: Definitely worth the stop.  Been here twice in the last two months.  Check in and check out happen without a hiccup. Staff is friendly and professional from the front desk, cleaning and breakfast area.  The place is well maintained, clean and up to date. Our rooms were well appointed, clean and comfortable.
Rating: 5
Text: I can't put into words how WONDERFUL the staff here is. Joanne has been an absolute angel, helping us through this difficult time. Our grandmother died, and the death and funeral schedule has been very tough on the family. Joanne made us feel right at home. She made sure we had great rooms and has been there every time we needed something. What's more? The rooms are great too. There are newer furnishings, comfy beds, and they're honestly clean! The suite is spacious, and even with 4 kids + 3 adults there was enough space for everyone. We will stay here again, it's just a shame we can't bring Joanne back home with us! We're sure going to miss her and the team here at HIE!
Rating: 5
Text: This was my best stay ever! The hotel is brand new, rooms are clean and cool ?, but the best is the staff. Joanne was the best receptionist we ever get! Competent, helpful, supportive, courteous. Excellent experience!!
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give them a negative rating, I would.  If you are looking for an absolutely frustrating experience, choose Dimondale Holiday Inn.  Three consecutive years of reservation problems and headaches.  None of which they take responsibility for in-spite of clear documentation from Holiday Inn themselves proving otherwise.  Shame of me for continuing to give them a try!  After making 4 reservations for 3 weeks,  2 months in advance, with all supporting documents submitted, my businessmen did not have a room to stay in when they went to check in and told there were no rooms available to them.  They were stranded in a strange City with no where to stay.  Their resolution the following day? One free night stay...I don't think so...they will be staying somewhere else. Never to return to ANY Holiday Inn.  You have ruined the reputation and trust of an otherwise great hotel chain.
Rating: 3
Text: Pretty nice place. Very experienced staff and friendly as well. Only issue the  mood light above the Jacuzzi didn't work and i had to clean it out after filling it as there was some weird stuff floating. Other than that very good experience
