Holiday Inn Hotel & Suites Overland Park-West
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel. This is an older hotel, but well kept and it has been remodeled.  2 minor complaints we had were: some of the towels were stained and the t.v. reception would come in and out once in a while.  Parking lot was always full and a little difficult to find decent parking spot. Would we stay again? Yes, we would without hesitation.
Rating: 1
Text: Room was just ok, hotel is dated and could use an update. The front desk staff lied about room availability (I asked for a king bed, of which they said they had none - I pulled up the hotel online and they listed multiple king rooms available) and were rude about it. I can understand why they may have been acting that way, as they had a deal that weekend with a soccer tournament to be a lodging provider, but they condescended and treated us as though we were children, talking down to us and requiring us to sign a "house rules" document before giving us the room keys - even though my wife and I were not a part of the tournament. My third attempt to change to one of the many king beds available was successful only because the front desk employees boss was standing in the bullpen, and took control of the computer to do it.
Rating: 2
Text: Decent stay. Nice that Green Mill is attached. There are a few options within walking distance. I used to get a breakfast coupon but not during last stay. They seem to have gotten stingier.  There are other options in the vicinity with better aminities.
Rating: 3
Text: Hotel is older but it was in decent shape.  The toilet in my room was leaking at the bottom...so the floors were damp.  I threw some towels on the ground and that seem to fix things.  Bed was comfortable and it was fairly quiet.  The front desk was nice as well.
Rating: 4
Text: I was here for a seminar only. Everything was just fine except there was little attention given to the bathrooms. By mid morning 2 out of 3 stalls had run out of toilet paper and despite the fact I informed the front desk there was no attention given to the restroom.
