Holiday Inn Kalamazoo-W (W Michigan Univ)
Rating: 1
Text: When checking in, I asked for a quiet room. We were put in a room on ground level right next to the pool table. I went back to the front desk and asked if that really was a quiet room and was told yes. Ok. We have to be up by 6:00 am and it’s now 10:30 and we’ve been listening to yelling and screaming from rowdy kids for the last 3 hours. I get the kids are here to have a fun time and if we didn’t need to get up so early it wouldn’t be a big deal but I specifically asked for a quiet room. So disappointed that the staff blatantly lied to me twice.

10:50 pm update: kids still out there and I’ve called the front desk twice. Obviously the 10:30 rule means nothing to the staff here.
Rating: 1
Text: I booked this as part of a wedding. The bride was told a block of rooms was reserved for the guests. Instead we were all spread across multiple floors of the hotel. We were also dispersed between rooms of high school sports teams. If anyone had any operational skills, they would have placed the wedding party together and the high schoolers together. I was also originally given a room right next to the highway, which was unbearably noisy?.  The lights from the parking lot were bright enough to light up the room at night. The staff was overall unfriendly. Further, for the price, breakfast should really be provided... $120 a night with no breakfast, a poorly maintained parking lot, outdated rooms, and unfriendly staff... Definitely will never book here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Did not honor our reservation. We were in town for a wedding and had a reservation for 8 people to stay in two rooms (including members of the bridal party).  We arrive after the ceremony (aprox. 3:30 PM) our rooms are not yet available.  At that point all 8 of us are able to get into a single room to drop our bags before the reception and promised that we could check into a second room after the reception.  On our way upstairs, the elevator shaft and hallway both were aggressively leaking from the days rain.  After arriving back after the reception, we again attempted to check in and were told that there were no additional rooms available.  We were then shown two dirty rooms that were available, before house keeping was called to have one of the rooms to be made up.  Both rooms ended up being comped , however it was still a painful process.
Rating: 4
Text: Location is tucked away so you really need to look for the signs. The staff is friendly, and the room was good. I had a terrible view, half overlooking the pool, half overlooking the roof. But since I wasn't in my room much, I didn't mind. I would consider staying here again. It was convenient to what I was there for.
Rating: 5
Text: I was not expecting the pool. It's an extraordinary space for partying and retreat, complete with arcade and 3 story glass windows. The service was excellent, especially given that it was hosting two conventions at the time. Parking was convenient, though the potholes need to be fixed. Overall, superb, clean, and friendly hotel.
