Holiday Inn Express Warrenton
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay.  Good breakfasts, always something special and early evening treats such as snacks, wine and ice cream (All complementary.)  Has been remodeled and the beds are fantastic.
Rating: 5
Text: What a great surprise! Would stay at Holiday Inn  Express everytime if staff were as wonderful as they are in Warrenton. Could not of ask for a better room. Slept all night for the first time in months. Breakfast was great, Natalie... cudos to you for your hospitality and professional nature. Thank you!
Rating: 4
Text: Coming through St Louis late at night the day after the solar eclipse and most hotels were still sold out. I had a free hotel stay that was expiring in 2 weeks that I get from having the IHG credit card and wanted to stay at a Holiday Inn property and found this place to have a few open rooms.

So the nice lady at the counter checked us in and we got to the room.
The room was clean, the bathroom clean, the beds slept amazingly well.
The breakfast the next morning was FREE and very good.

The hotel is pet friendly so we had no problem with that either.

The only issue we had was the dude in the next room was not waking up and unfortunately his co-worker was trying to wake him at all costs. I heard his phone ringing and I heard the constant knocking on the door - all at 6:30am. That finally ceased when I popped my head out from behind the door and shouted at the guy "what is the problem??!!!"
He was falling all over himself apologizing. Maybe he wasn't expecting me to jump out at him from behind my door or maybe the fact I was completely naked when doing so was what shocked him (I covered most of me)
I then pounded on the wall from inside my room and he was awoken.

All in all it was a good stay
Rating: 4
Text: Newly renovated holiday inn. Friendly staff, and overall great stay. The location is rather awkward. Non-chain restaurants are a bit of a drive down I-70.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice hotel. Been there several times. Would highly recommend. Newly remodeled and very friendly staff.
