Holiday Inn Express Lebanon
Rating: 5
Text: Had to take an emergency trip to Indiana about a year ago. After a month of being there my husband was able to come in for a weekend. We stayed here. The room was above and beyond what I expected for the area. Very clean. The staff was amazing. Breakfast is above what most hotels offer. I don't normally leave a thank you note and a tip for house keeping. But I did here. It was very nice to relax for two days in a clean comfortable bed instead of standing by a hospital bed. Thank you Management and staff for everything. From providing a clean safe place to making me smile when I was in tears! You all made my world a little brighter!
Rating: 5
Text: Our stay was unexpected & we had to make a reservation at the last minute. We called & was able to book a room for the night. We arrived the person at the desk was very helpful & friendly. Parking was free, well lit, with plenty of space. Room was very nice, clean & comfortable. The breakfast in the morning was very delicious with lots of variety, something for everyone. Checkout was easy. I would definitely stay here again!
Rating: 4
Text: Staff was very courteous and helpful with dinner recommendations. Room was clean and spacious. It could use a little updating but still a nice place.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice clean quiet room. Night staff was great. Had a reservation glitch and they called me before I got there and straightened it out. Good Continental breakfast bar. 
Rating: 2
Text: Usually we stay in Hampton Inn. This was a last minute weekend trip, so there weren't many hotels that had rooms available.  I read the reviews of this hotel and the reviews didn't seem bad. However, this place was not worth the price. I don't expect anything fancy, but I do expect it to be clean. Nothing was dirty to the point of not staying, but there were things that bothered me. First the smell was bad. There was cigarette smell even though it's supposed to be all non-smoking. The guests must be smoking right outside and it's lingering in the halls. There was also the smell of weed. For the price we paid I don't want to have to smell either of those things. Second there was a beer bottle half full sitting on the ground for hours in the hallway. Someone can step on it or trip on it. Lesson learned to plan for trips at least a few weeks in advanced. The positive was that the staff was friendly. That's one reason why I booked in the first place because the girl was nice on the phone.
