Holiday Inn Express & Suites Shelbyville Indianapolis
Rating: 4
Text: I am very  pleased. The air conditioning was very adequate and the water pressure was good in the shower.The television was a bit confusing my husband had to operate it I couldn't manage it.  We did have a lovely room; a refrigerator, microwave, and we had a king size bed so it was a king room. There was plenty of towels, toilet paper, and supplies in the room. The breakfast was more than adequate eggs,  sausage, pastries, pancakes Etc.   It was very good and my son had a room upstairs and he was fine with it too.Although he did think that was possible the third floor was haunted he never slept in a room by himself before he's 18 and it  was very funny . His computer moved during the night he said I think he must have moved it but you know how kids are and he's convinced there was a ghost in the room with him.  It was perfectly nice we slept really well and my husband was very content the pool was being worked on and we didn't know what my husband did get into the pool and then they came in and told we could use the pool across the street and that was free
Rating: 4
Text: This is a very nice hotel, maybe the best one in Shelbyville, which is our small town. It is always kept very clean and organized. The staff are friendly and helpful. And the Holiday Inn breakfast bar is always great in the morning. If you have any special requests they will do what they can to help accommodate you. The rooms are nice the beds are soft and everything feels and looks clean and sanitary. If you need a room in our little town this is one of the first places I would call to book it.
Rating: 1
Text: Room was nice, but the person at the front desk didn't have any personality,  first she gets off the phone with another customer whom she apparently was upset with hangs up the phone and uses a curse word in front of me, than she seems very short with me and not very helpful and never really acknowledged me as a club member. 
Also when we came back from eating we accidentally went to the wrong room slid the key and the door opened, we quickly realized it was the wrong room and left, leaving us to feel very insecure.
If it hadn't been so late when we checked in we would have went elsewhere. We would not recommend this Holiday inn to nobody.
Rating: 1
Text: Used to work here! Always was friendly and tried to accommodate everyone! I was worth more then 9$ ? i lived the job and guest! BUT YES I QUIT BUT BEST THUNG IVE DONE!! I KNOW MY WORTH NOW ??? I?MYJOB!!
Rating: 3
Text: They gave my room away before check in so after stalling and 20 min they gave me a room with a single bed. She asked me at the front desk if I needed two beds. I replied yes ma'am I drove further to this location to get the double. Back to the front desk. So we had another 20 min of stalling at the front desk before they gave me what sounded like another guests room that hadn't arrived yet. 40 min to check in is unacceptable. The ice machines were down so he pulled out bags of ice from a cooler behind the front desk. As the hotel was new the room was nice and roomy and well appointed. That's why they got 3 stars.
