Holiday Inn Express & Suites Lincoln South
Rating: 2
Text: Location seems safe. Pool was nice and fairly large. Breakfast was good and varied, but the breakfast employee is very hostile. The internet only worked for half of our stay. There were quite a few roaches and large ants in the kitchenette of our room and in the bathroom. The stay was decent but I feel minor improvements all around are needed to justify the cost or choosing this location over pretty much anywhere else. Disappointing compared to other Holiday Inn stays.
Rating: 4
Text: Super nice staff nice clean rooms. Bed was comfortable. They had complementary beer and snacks in the evening. Everything you need as far as stores and restaurants are right acoss the road. Safe area.
Rating: 2
Text: The place is nice for an overnight stay and the rooms are very clean. The main reason this only gets three stars is because we booked this hotel to sit in a hottub after a very long day of driving, only to find out they permanently cemented it over because too many people were "doing it" in the hottub. This is a first for any holiday inn express that I've stayed at. There were also a few bugs crawling around the room and pool area. Overall pretty good place to crash at but if you're here for an extended period I'd suggest staying somewhere else.
Rating: 5
Text: The beds are very comfortable. Each person gets two large fluffy pillows - they're wonderful. And the blankets are so warm! You can adjust your own thermostat in the room, too. I showered with the provided bar soap and loved how soft it left my skin. Didn't dry my skin out like lots of soaps do! The breakfast bar was also good. The cinnamon rolls were the best part - but they also have cereal, biscuits and gravy, bacon, a pancake maker, and more. If I ever need to stay in Lincoln again, this is definitely the place I'll come to!!!
Rating: 3
Text: It was a very clean and nice area only downside of it was the room was a little small for the meeting we were having.
