Holiday Inn Express & Suites Ripley
Rating: 5
Text: Loved the spacious accommodations!    The fireplace was an added bonus! Nice kitchenette complete with a Keurig and plates and bowls  (Styrofoam). Sizable shower a pleasant surprise. Bath and Body Works toiletries a plus. Comfort,  comfort everywhere!!!! Have already recommended to several people. Great getaway! :)
Rating: 2
Text: Called right after placing reservation online requesting a late checkout for noon, was working til 3am. Super nice they obliged. Got there, they put me in the room nest to public restrooms, front desk, pool, and breakfast area. No sleep at all. Funny joke I guess. Breakfast lady wouldnt stop talking to people, so everything went empty. Nice customer interaction, but would have been nice after 30 minutes of sitting there for the hot food bins to be filled. Could have said something, but they were trying their best I guess. So I went without sleep and no breakfast. Great experience...
Rating: 4
Text: Good, friendly service. Average breakfast. The room was fairly clean, and the bed was comfortable. There is a small pool with a hot tub. The fitness room has two treadmills, a bicycle, a bench, some weights, some mats, and an exercise ball. Free WiFi, but it didn't always work very well.
Rating: 5
Text: We arrived from Michigan 8ish pm. The clerk was friendly and welcoming; the lobby was clean and well lit. When we got to our room we found a clean and comfy place to relax and rest before our trip would continue on the following day. 
We appreciate Holiday Inn Express & Suites and make every attempt to stay in one when we travel.
Rating: 5
Text: Ripley is the half-way point between my home in NC and my in-laws' home in MI. We met them there to pick up our son who had spent some time with them in MI. This was our 2nd stay at this hotel, and it is great. Rooms are very nice, with those great pillows that I love. Breakfast is free and very good. They have a pancake machine, hot items lime sausage and bacon, and the usual yogurt, fruit, rolls, and coffee and juice. We did not use the pool, but it looked nice.
