Holiday Hills Resort
Rating: 5
Text: I have stayed at this camp ground twice. The staff helped me out tremendously as I am as new boat owner and needed a little help. The pool was warm and clean. We will de be back.
Rating: 1
Text: The only positive thing I can even think to say is the cabin was clean somewhat.  Other than that my families experience was terrible.  We stayed four days and for three of those days the pool was closed the internet and cable did not work which really wasn't a big deal to me except that we paid for it as it was advertised and it didn't work.  The beach looked like a sandbox by the lake.  Most of the staff was rude only one person in the office was even sociable.  The cabins ammenities and cabins were very outdated, rooms only have one outlet which has the clock and light plugged into it, the refrigerator didn't get very cold, the air conditioner didn't work well during the day it wouldn't cool below 75, the toilets would clog up almost every time you flushed, in the website it says they rent golf carts but when you get here they only have two that are usually rented out more or less to the people who stay here permantley.  We will not ever come back to this so called resort.  This is one of my favorite lakes in Kentucky and have never had a bad stay until this time.  I do not and would not ever recommend this to anyone I know or who is thinking of staying here.  Please look elsewhere before coming here it would be well worth paying a extra 100 dollars a night to stay at the state resort.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is great ! Stayed there a lot and we love it ! Never had a bad experience.
Rating: 2
Text: Internet was bad no service toilet broke house would never be cold ac didn't go below 70 no cling fans in any room
Rating: 5
Text: Place was great. Staff was helpful and courtious.. stayed in efficency cabin. Was awsole scenery amd am planning my next trip next april to there again. Would reccomend this to anyone. My dad jerry has been coming for years.. 
