Holiday Inn Express Indianapolis South
Rating: 5
Text: We really enjoyed our stay. I made a mistake and they were very helpful in fixing it. Front desk women were great!  Room was clean and comfortable. Whirlpool tub was clean and operational. Bed was comfortable but pillows were not my favorite. Breakfast as standard with hot items like eggs and biscuits and gravy. 
Rating: 3
Text: It is a decent hotel. We just had extreme difficulty getting into our room because of my card was prepaid. I had already paid for the hotel but they refused to put it under the card I used online. It took over an hour to square away the issue. With two young kids in the car. This can be frustrating. Bit the lady helped us and the rest of our stay was pleasant.
Rating: 5
Text: I always stay at this Holiday Inn Express when I do the Bob and Tom show.  This facility lives up to all of the holiday in express standards as you would expect. It's clean and well-maintained.
I almost wanted to inquire about what kind of mattresses they use because I had one of the best nights sleep I've had in quite a while.
This hotel is located only 15 minutes from downtown Indianapolis with easy access to the interstate. It is very close to shopping and nice restaurants.
The comp breakfast is awesome!  
I found the staff very friendly helpful and efficient.
This is my second time staying here and you can bet I will stay here again when I return to the Indianapolis area.
This place is a value if you want to get things done.  Hotels downtown are nearly twice as much and this is just as nice and only a 15 minute drive.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff is great.  If it weren't for them I'd give this place a 2 star because it is in disrepair.  It is clean and maintenance responds quickly - like our door lock falling apart and not allowing access from the hall, ice machines that keep spewing and ceiling leaks.  Jenna was at the front desk when we checked in and she is amazing.  Friendly, efficient, accommodating, unflappable and the queen of multi-task.  Hopefully major renovations are coming soon because the staff needs a place to work that is worthy of them.
Rating: 2
Text: It was Okay, we drove from 12 hours away and because we pulled over to do bathroom breaks and for food our trip turned into 14 hours. We arrived at 4 and the room were supposed to be ready by 3pm. They had 2 room ready out of 7. My feet got swollen from the trip and all I wanted to do was lay down but we all had to wait another hour just laying around their lobby for our room. This was a group of 24 people. The room service also didn't do your bed if one item of yours was on it. Every other hotel does the bed and places they shirt or whatever you had over the fixed sheets but not here lol. They left you a paper stating that because you had (insert item(s) on bed here) They could not fix it. Items on my bed do not stop you from taking out the trash, which was not done. So because we had stuff on our bed our room didn't get done at all. Spoke to the rest of out party and they said the same thing those who also didn't get their rooms cleaned. 
