Holiday Inn Express & Suites Lancaster
Rating: 5
Text: My girlfriend and I decided to stay here while visiting hocking hills. They accept pets and the price was about what we wanted to pay (not too cheap and not all that much money either). We were totally impressed with how nice the staff was as soon as we walked in.  There was a young man training a girl although she seemed like she had the hang of things. They were both super nice and offered us a bottle of water after we had finished checking in. Our room was honestly nicer than some of the 3 and 4 hundred a night rooms we've stayed in. It was super clean and had everything we expected and more.  It's nice to have a business exceed our expectations.  This place definitely earned its five star review.  We will be back. 
PS the breakfast is pretty good too!
Rating: 4
Text: I arrived early, before my check-in time and they did everything they could to have a room ready for me. They were able to find one that was clean and got me in well before I should have. Really good service.
Rating: 1
Text: I will never stay at this hotel again.  They quoted a price for two rooms for two nights, promised to email the quote (never did), then doubled the rate when I arrived.  The amenities on the web site are not correct.  The staff treat you as if you are stupid when you question why the rate changed.  I will never stay here or any other Holiday Inn anywhere.  i only left one star because not to leave a star at all might leave you to think I forgot to rate it.
Rating: 4
Text: I have been staying at the Holiday Inn in Lancaster during the week for the past year because of work and overall it has been a great experience. The staff is very friendly and makes sure that all of my needs are met. The facility is always clean and I always come back to a clean room when I return from work. The rooms come with a keurig, which is a nice touch. Breakfast is really good, especially compared to those offered at other hotels I have stayed at, and the kitchen staff are also very kind people. They do offer a small fitness area which includes a treadmill, elliptical, bike and some dumbells. There is also an indoor pool. The only complaints that I have are that the WiFi could be faster and, since my staying there I have had my vehicle broken into twice, however, both times were due to me forgetting to lock my car.
Rating: 2
Text: I would say this is on the lower end of uhh hotels. Breakfast is the same every day. Workout room is very minimal. Wi-Fi is AWFUL. I was here for 5 nights and it was terrible every night. Staff is friendly. Overall, I would not recommend.
