Holiday Inn Express Indianapolis Airport
Rating: 5
Text: Very convenient location with food spots close by. Also easy access to the interstate. Excellent breakfast. Excellent staff. Comfy beds and nice rooms. I had absolutely zero issues. I would definitely stay again
Rating: 4
Text: We had a quick overnight stay at the Holiday Inn Express Plainfield and it was just what we needed. Everything was clean for the most part. There were some areas that could have used a little extra attention. The inside of the elevators could have been a bit cleaner and the floor in the lobby/check in area could have used some attention. It definitely was not dirty but these are areas the guests see first and leave the first impression. Our room was nice and the bed was VERY comfortable. There was a really strange noise we heard off and on through the night that kept me awake at first but didn't bother my husband. It wasn't highway or airport noise (but we did hear airplanes taking off) but was a noise like some kind of machine or vent running very loudly. Hard to explain so we didn't bother calling the front desk. Once I fell asleep it did not bother me anymore. I would stay here again but maybe ask for a room on the other side of the hotel. Breakfast area in the morning was kept nice and clean and well stocked. Overall a great stay!
Rating: 4
Text: it is a nice hotel, very clean , however breakfast starts too late at 7 AM, people who are staying for work purposes or that are travelling early can not afford to wait this late to have breakfast , in my case i had to start working at 6 so i had to skip breakfast every day and there was practically nothing to grab at that time,  if earlier breakfast is impossible then at least there should be some sort of reduced list of items to eat/drink for those that have to leave early to work, travel or so.
Rating: 3
Text: Room was nice shower was awesome breakfast on other hand not prepared for busy morning.
Rating: 5
Text: Very comfortable bed and pillows. Room and bathroom were clean. Breakfast was simple, but good. Staff was friendly. Excellent value for the price.
