Holiday Inn Express & Suites Beatrice
Rating: 2
Text: Just recently stayed there, for 2 days. I got bitten from both side of my arms, it’s gotta be bed bugs. The last day that I stay, Check out was at 11 am. I could hear, someone in the hallway, Yelling room service. Had the sign up and still she came in. You could hear everything from a person sneezing & coughing, in the hallway. The light by the tv, didn’t work, the alarm clock my the bed didn’t work, that whole adapter is shock out. Saw stand in the tub, looked like my didn’t wash it. I really didn’t feel comfortable there. Went to “Happy Hours” the lady ask me if I was staying there, wasn’t too friendly. I guess that’s how it is in small town. service always goes down
Rating: 2
Text: Slow internet. Moldy windows. Hotel staff not friendly . Typical holiday inn breakfast.
Rating: 5
Text: Unfortunately due to being packed for the eclipse I was unable to secure a room but Joshua went above and beyond with his customer service helping me to try to find accommodations to take my son! Very helpful and pleasant conversation! I'm sure with this weekend he was very busy but made the effort to treat me like the only customer! 5 stars for sure!
Rating: 4
Text: So far we have been here almost 2 weeks for a work trip with our toddler. The staff has been very friendly to both us and our little girl. Every evening during the week they put out refreshments from 5-7 for the guests. It usually consists of sandwiches, sliced or cubed cheeses and meats, dip with chips, chopped fruits and vegetables, beer or wine, and tea. They also put out different types of cookies by the front reception area. I really appreciate them doing this. It really helps not eating out every single day for every meal and sometimes it was the best my toddler would eat because she prefers that type of food. It would be very difficult for me to prepare all that in my room for her so I thank them very much!! They also have a very delicious breakfast. We really enjoyed the indoor pool but it was quite slippery at times. The rooms are also very comfortable in my opinion. The refrigerators are quite small which is fine for someone staying short-term but in our situation we could have used a larger one. I do think the cleanliness could be improved but overall this is a wonderful place to stay and we will be staying with them everytime we come into town.
Rating: 5
Text: I always look forward to my stays at the HIE Beatrice! The best staff - large clean rooms, and the Manager's reception and Continental breakfast are amazing!
