Holiday Inn Express & Suites Indianapolis North - Carmel
Rating: 5
Text: Great stay.  Small hotel, with clean comfortable rooms.   Convenient to the interstate with lots of food options close by.   Pool was small , but clean.  Nice breakfast, too.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was wonderful but the staff was a bit overwhelmed with kids running wild...running the halls, spilling coffee and hot chocolate and trash all over the floors, and NOT 1 PARENT IN SIGHT!!!  I watched an older lady working the front desk take the children to task for running in the halls... I watched her do it several times saturday night, which seemed to offend 1 parent!! At least the employee attempted to make the stay pleasant for others as well as safe. No parental supervision, some parents LEFT the hotel and left a small girl to supervise several boys!! Not cool sports parents!!! You make the stay miserable for all the other paying guests...SHAME ON YOU!!!  I will come back to this hotel but i will be sure there are no sports teams in house. Note to the sports team parents: please dont check into a hotel planning for someone or NO ONE to supervise your children...you ruin it for all paying guests with your lack of  concern or respect of others.
Rating: 3
Text: I was all set to give this place a five star review when I first checked in. Spacious room, with a huge king bed and a giant bathtub with jets. Everything was clean and neat. Free coffee in the lobby a day long.

However... 
My coworker was in the hall on a phone call, and I could hear every word of her conversation clearly through my door. I suspect this means anyone in the hall could hear anything I was saying in my room. I prefer a little privacy. Also, whoever was in the room above me either walks like an elephant, or the ceiling just isn't very noise proof, either. All day, with the stomping coming from upstairs. This got really annoying really quickly. 

So, I wouldn't day this is a BAD hotel. Just not ideal for several reasons. 
Rating: 5
Text: Clean and quiet rooms.  The people working at the front desk were very pleasant and helpful.  They had luggage carriers to make getting things in and out of room very easy.  Pool, sitting area with large screen tv, and fitness room.  I will stay here again!!!
Rating: 4
Text: My only complaint is that the thicker blinds can't be closed (it can get a little bright in the AM). Otherwise, great experience thus far!
