Holiday Inn Club Vacations Fox River Resort
Rating: 1
Text: What's with all the good reviews?  This place showed us a real nice condo when we were buying but when we come to the resort to use it we get an old, outdated and dirty room.  It was the presidential suite so it was spacious but that's all the positive aspects of the place.  The doors to the bathroom don't lock properly, there are squished bugs on the ceiling and live ones on the walls. The couches were old, worn and dirty. The outside is dirty, the stairs are unsafe and our outside deck needed a good power washing. We were not given what was promised.  They say they are renovating but after a year of being a member I have never seen any updates. When I get a chance I will post pictures of many of the defects that exist here. 
Rating: 4
Text: Very large room, quiet, and well maintained. Large Jacuzzi in master bedroom. The hotel room appeared to have its own water heater though, so don't plan on filling it up all the way with hot water. Helpful maintenance crew, not so helpful front desk. Overall pleasent experience
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms were lovely. The kitchen was very open and useful. We liked renting out games and movies, but there wasn't a huge selection of games. The mini golf was fun but wasn't fully functional. It was about 20 min away from most cities. There isn't a lot directly around the resort, but we would drive about and hour or so in any direction to find a bigger city with shopping. I'd recommend Napperville as there's lots of parks and shopping. There's also a water park right next to the resort but we never went there. The pool was nice, just very busy. Overall, this resort was very nice and I'd definitely recommend it.
Rating: 5
Text: I had a nice experience here
the room was beautiful and staff helpful! Maybe more restaurants or food options but worth time for a nice escape
Rating: 3
Text: We have stayed in several resorts so it's hard not to compare. Our unit has been updated so the beds were great and the carpet was nice (indoor/outdoor). The living room had a comfortable sofa and 1 chair.The kitchen was very small and lacked some items that we needed, i.e.a whisk, a blender or mixer, a garbage disposal. The staff was very friendly. We were put on the 3rd floor, but there are no elevators, so we asked to change apartments. They were very kind and gave us a two bedroom that was down one flight of stairs. The master bath had a large hot tub with a shower in it, which made it very slippery. There were no towel racks.
