Holiday Inn Express Chillicothe East
Rating: 5
Text: We love staying no matter what city we are in. People are always friendly. This time it was Lindsey, our front desk clerk that checked us in & then she was back in the morning to give us a great breakfast!!! The cleanliness & comfortable rooms are why we stay!!! Love the triple sheeted beds and they are always clean & stain free!! Not everyone gives military discounts, but I  thankful that you do!!! We never stay anywhere else!! Thank you for taking care of your guests!!! We will be back at one on Thursday night....just somewhere in the Carolinas!!! :-)
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms are nice. Beds could be a little softer. Front desk staff was very nice. The breakfast leaves a lot to be desired. If you don't get down there early, they don't refill the food.
Rating: 3
Text: Average Holiday Inn in SE Ohio med/small town.  Pool is fair, fitness center is basic (2 treadmills and a bike, no weights..) and the rooms are average size with the hardest mattresses of all time (Plywood with fabric topper??).  Not many options in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: Finding the hotel was easy. Signage was clear from the interstate. Check in was a breeze. The elevator was at an odd position. After I settled in the room, I was walking back down to the hall of my floor and walked past the elevator. I might not have been paying attention, no, but it kind of blends in with the doors on the hall. The room was exceptionally clean and the bed was comfortable. The ceilings were tall so you won't feel claustrophobic. Outside noise is to the very minimum. Even with being close to the interstate and with my room being on the second floor and an end unit.
Rating: 1
Text: Room had a foul odor upon arriving. Looking around room found hair in the bathtub, also next morning after shower in the "clean" towels there was more hair. Woke up in the middle of night for my newborn baby and realized I had a bug crawling on the sheets; appeared to be a bed bug. Every Holiday Inn has been an amazing stay besides this one. Definitely wouldn't recommend. 

*Update bedbugs are real in this hotel. Donot stay!
