Holiday Inn Rock Island - Quad Cities
Rating: 1
Text: This. Was. Some. Bull. We were happy to find that the hotel was nice, but when we were woken up by hotel renovations that we weren't told about, it was frustrating. Then when I asked the front desk lady about it, she had the worst attitude. I'm not the one to complain about stuff, but her attitude really sent me over the edge. Staff needs to schedule remodels at hours when their guests (who paid a good chunk of change) won't be woken up by it. They also need to teach better conflict resolution than smiling and patronizing the customers away. Wouldn't stay here again, they need to get rid of the curly headed red head desk lady.
Rating: 1
Text: The hotel itself is very nice. Honestly the nicest hotel I've stayed at. There was remodeling being done on the third floor that woke us up with extremely loud drilling at 8 AM, when we asked the front desk what was happening the woman working the front desk did not apologize and gave us the worst attitude. After a terrible interaction we stormed out and there was no refund, no reconciliation or apology. Its extremely rude and unprofessional. Will not be staying here ever again. I would not stay here if you are traveling or just don't want to be woken up by construction.
Rating: 5
Text: Great location. Comfortable beds and pleasant employees. One of my favorite hotels
Rating: 3
Text: They gave us 2 queen beds when we booked a king. Once we got to the king room the door wouldn't open so they had to call maintenance. When we got into the room the night stand didn't look like it had been cleaned from the night before with grime but was otherwise the room was clean. But the location is great if you won't be in the room much. Also it does not have a hot tub/spa but does have a pool that gets to 8 ft.  Front desk help was mostly courteous.
Rating: 4
Text: Seemed like an older hotel with modern upgrades. Was a quiet stay, just seemed a little dated. Friendly staff, interesting location.
