Holiday Inn Paducah Riverfront
Rating: 5
Text: Really, really nice place to stay. It's not your bare bones hotel. Had a nice design throughout and everything was sleek and modern. The rooms were super quite, once  I closed  my door I didn't hear a peep. The burger theory restaurant looks like a place people would actually want to eat  and not just settle for like most hotels. Also very reasonably priced, I've found my new choice hotel when staying in the Paducah area.
Rating: 5
Text: I think it’s the newest hotel in Paducah and it shows. The staff is top notch and are always ready to help. The bar and restaurant inside is wonderful. The beds are great. The pool is nice. It’s a nice walk to downtown. Can’t wait to go back.
Rating: 5
Text: Great service at the front desk.  King size bed was AWESOME!!  Loved not having interstate traffic noise and the view from my room of the river was great!!  The restaurant food was delicious!!  Will defiantly be staying there again and will be back to have lunch at the restaurant more.
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel is amazing! Beautiful rooms, beautiful outdoor area, very clean and kept looking nice. Unfortunately the staff was not nearly as amazing. Mainly the restaurant staff. A large group of our family was staying at the Holiday Inn from Chicago. They were all in town for a family members wedding. We went to breakfast on Sunday October 29th, 2017 at about 9:45. One particular waitress tried to help our group of about 20 find seating. At this point the "Chef" comes out. She was very rude. After basically telling us that they would seat us if they could, she stormed off. By 10:45 We still hadn't received menus or even a glass of water. For such a new and beautiful place, you would think that they would try to make their guests feel more welcome. Never again will I or anyone else in my family or my very large group of friends spend another dime here.
Rating: 4
Text: FYI, there is no hot tub even though one is shown in pics. Disappointed because we always utilize pool/hot tub when staying at and choosing a hotel. Rooms are nice, restaurant was satisfactory but slow. Nice view of river and easy walk to downtown.
