Holiday Inn Southgate (Detroit-South)
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is fine. Rooms need some updating and more lighting sources. Feels aged, but not dirty. Beds comfortable enough for a few nights. Bathroom is small, and the door practically touches the toilet. Large heated pool and hot tub which seemed relatively clean. Only dealt with two members of staff, front desk was very friendly, housekeeper knocked on our door shortly after check in and when we answered asking who it was, they said they were housekeeping. We responded we didn't need any, as we just arrived and got comfortable, but they replied they slipped an envelope under our door by mistake meant for another room, and weren't terribly friendly about it. Not a huge deal, anyhow. Lobby looks updated and maybe a bit over the top, causing the rest of the hallways etc to look worse (and quite dark) by comparison. All in all, it's your middle of the road, nothing fancy hotel. We would stay here again if the price was right.
Rating: 4
Text: Halls cam be noisy at times. Beds comfortable. Fairly extensive breakfast buffet with attentive waiters to help. Nice bar. Staff helpful.
Rating: 1
Text: The security guard constantly coming by, even outside saying he was receiving noise complaints. No one was around us and after talking to the guests in the next room, no one staying there said they heard anything or called for any complaints. The guards there need to realize when you have separate wedding parties staying the same evening some people are going to want to stay up and enjoy the company of others they are with, instead of going to bed after their bar closes at 2am.
Rating: 3
Text: Hotel is a older so it comes with a lifetime of dirt that you can see in all the hallway floors. The room is large and with useful amenities. The hotel has nice pool area and a courtyard to use. Breakfast here is not the most appetizing despite being a restaurant but the waitresses are friendly and quick to get your drinks. Compared to any of the newer hotels nearby this one falls a bit short due to age. 
Rating: 5
Text: Everything ran very smoothly. Staff was very friendly. The rooms were nice and the hot, free breakfast were great. The amount of amenities they have make this place the best in the area.
