Holiday Inn Express & Suites South Bend - Notre Dame Univ.
Rating: 2
Text: Very comfortable bed, but really cold feel overall. I felt like I was in a sterile and dated hospital. Lighting in the room was terrible. I had to turn on 5 switches to get adequate light on the dark rainy morning I woke up there. There is no overhead light, or even a single switch that will turn on the 8 or so small lights that make up the room. The design of the rooms is gross. Tries to be modern but feels cheap, cold, and unwelcoming. The gentleman at the front desk was very nice and friendly. Won't be staying here again. Most holiday Inn expresses are like this unfortunately.
Rating: 2
Text: Back security door was unlocked. Our room wouldn't lock and bath tub had green stuff in it. They moved us to another room. The new room was cold so we turned on the heat. Room started smelling so we turned the heat off. We went to eat and upon returning,  our keys wouldn't work. New key cards. Next morning key card wouldn't work. Our other co worker got locked out of her room twice and she found a wash rag on the shower rod from previous guest. Last morning I spilled a bit of my tea. When cleaning it up, I found a dried puddle of coffee.  We don't drink coffee.  On top of all of this, the hotel was being renovated so there was a mess and doors that couldn't be used. Woke up in the middle of the night to go to the  bathroom and our floor was vibrating. Last year this hotel was great. This year it appears that your house keeping staff is sub par.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel was conveniently located right off the exit, super easy to get to, and daddy to get back on the road. We stayed in a room on the first floor. There was some remodeling, but our room was already updated and clean. We liked the modern lines and colors. We didn't hear other guests or remodeling work. The breakfast was the usual Holiday Inn continental plus a hot section that included bacon, sausage, omelets, and biscuits. It had the usual make your own pancake machine. Everyone, including my preschooler, found something they enjoyed eating. The front desk was quick about check in and out. We did have some issues with our key cards not always working to open doors. We did not contact the desk about this. The pool was clean, if small.
Rating: 3
Text: This property is currently undergoing a remodel and is suffering from the usual remodel growing pains.  Breakfast area is cramped and a bit undersized.  Access to the food is difficult.  Many things on the property are not quite working properly,  e.g. air conditioners that don't cool, sinks that don't drain, the current lack of a business center.   That said, if you're looking for a HI close to Notre Dame then this is your best bet.  I suspect that the regular high traffic justifies the remodel and that the place will work better when the remodel is complete.  I'd like to compliment Nicole at the front desk.  We had problems with our room and she was wonderful in helping us resolve the issues. 
Rating: 5
Text: Going through renovations, but my king suite was fantastic. No problems at all. The breakfast was actually decent and the people at the front desk were always able to help with a smile, even when I asked for shaving cream at midnight. If in South Bend, stay here! 
