Homewood Suites by Hilton Columbus/Worthington
Rating: 5
Text: Nice clean rooms. Everything smells so nice. Extremely friendly staff willing to get me anything I need. Good hot breakfast.
Nice new facility. Room was clean and shower hot.
Rating: 2
Text: This place is sketchy. I expect more from Homewood. So bad that I only stayed one night when I reserved three. Suite was dirty - crumbs on floor, hairs in bathroom. And desperately in need of a remodel: peeling paint on walls and ceiling. Bathtub was extremely slow to drain. Smoke detector chirping and the maintenance person was unable to fix. Traffic noise all night on the highway side. They offered to switch me to a new room but I had had enough at that point. Only reason I gave 2 stars is that the bed was comfy and the breakfast decent.
Rating: 1
Text: This was the most horrible stay of my life so far. I checked into a filthy room not cleaned from previous guest, the window fell out and hit my husband in the head and had to sleep with my window out covered with plastic and duck tape All night. When I expressed my concern to the manager Ally acted like since I'm on an employee rate along with "getting loud" with her as she claims all she did was halfway clean my room and call my manager because she felt disrespected. You have to walk outside to even get breakfast in the morning which sucks if there is snow on the ground and cold. This whole experience was horrible and the manager Ally has no concern for u if u are of color or if she feels disrespected. Night auditor then lied and said my room smelled of marijuana and when they talked to my husband that he was high as a kite...sorry no one sounds high as a kite on the phone unless they are doing some hard substances HORRIBLE SERVICE
Rating: 4
Text: I went for an event, so we were in a room on the ground floor. That room was very nice and clean. The people at the hotel we're very nice and were committed to their jobs.
Rating: 3
Text: The location was great, as it was just down the road from the location I was training in. I stayed there on 3 separate occasions. The rooms have been hit and miss. The first one I stayed it was pretty beat up. The closet door was off the track and wouldn't open, parts of the trim were missing, etc. The second room was much nicer and clean, except for the still wet tea bag that was sitting in the sink (wasn't mine). The last room I stayed in was okay. Food is decent. Dollar wine and beer during the evening social is popular.
