Homewood Suites by Hilton Lexington
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel is newly renovated so the lobby and breakfast area look contemporary and new. The hotel staff are also very friendly. However there were a few things that downgrade this hotel for me. First of all the oven was broken so for the first 3 days of my trip I had no hot breakfast at all. One of the days my room was not cleaned, and I also got a rash from something in the room the first day. Overall the people were nice so I wish I could give this hotel a better rating but because of these problems it just became an average trip.
Rating: 1
Text: Upon walking into our hotel room at Homewood Suites by Hilton with the TV blaring my husband and I immediately noticed crumbs and broken glass on the floor realizing it had not been vacuumed/swept. I notified the gal working at the front desk who informed me she would send someone up when she found housekeeping. We walked into the bathroom and noticed it had not been cleaned and found used toiletries in drawers, broken tiles, a dirty towel(with makeup on it), stains in shower and a dirty toilet bowl. 

We walked back into the kitchen and found dirty dishes in dishwasher, crumbs on counter tops and glass on the kitchen floor. 

I called the front desk again and asked for a new (clean) room and was told that was not an option and that housekeeping would be notified. I was told that the room had been cleaned. I then asked to speak with a manager and was informed that no one was there but they would call me the next day. I informed the gal at the front desk that we would be checking out since they were not able to provide a clean room. I was then assured that their manager would be in touch with me the next morning. I still have not heard from the manager. 

I've included photos of our room that had clearly not been cleaned.
Rating: 4
Text: Huge rooms, everything is convenient and smart layout (USB charge stations near each bed) , hot breakfast was absent due to some reason, but I'm assuming it's temporary. Also, super convenient location
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed at this hotel a number of times. I like the layout, I'm able to pick a room far away from the lobby, elevators, etc. Breakfast is edible; there are a variety of vegetarian options. Beds are comfortable and staff is friendly enough.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a great stay.  Offered complimentary dinner and beer on first night.  Quiet, clean, comfortable.
