HomeLife Studios & Suites
Rating: 4
Text: Overall a ok place to stay, a older building that could use some repairs, but for the price. The size of The room, the equipment in the room, the kitchen part was older but worked fine, over all was cleaned well, the area seamed safe, but we got our room late at night and left next morning.
The man at the desk was vary nice,he made my wife vary much at ease when paying for the room we would stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: It is very well april keys is amazing and Marvin keys has a since of humor....and there other employee Chris had me laughing the whole time he was checking me in...........good work guys
Rating: 1
Text: I had to take a shower ??with my shoes on. It smelled like  cigarettes was embedded in the walls, carpet, and bed! The check in made me feel like I was in a 5 star hotel, but when I got to the room a trap house.
Rating: 1
Text: The property manager, April Keyes makes this hotel a one star. She is the epitome of rude. I've honestly never met anyone more disrespectful, humiliating, vile, hostile, condescending woman ever. She scoffs at having to deal with the public at all. Her husband/boyfriend, who also works there may actually be worse. Because my girlfriend and I took our honey buns and coffee back to our room, which I paid for by the way, being that the hotel breakfast is included in price of room, she called us theives and accused us of 'stealing food' in front of other guests and staff!! Do not stay here or you'll be forced to deal with this horrific, pathetic excuse for a human.
Rating: 1
Text: ive only been here a day or so i paid for a week  and im already making plans to leave . the sheets appear to be clean but they are not they have cigarette burns in them and when i asked for brand new fresh out the package sheets they jus handed me more nasty sheets i have itchy red bumps all over my skin and bi red sploshes which i didn't have Friday afternoon . idk if its mite or chiggers but im getting out other. not as clean as they claim it to be, if u have  very sensitive skin dont go there
