Homewood Suites by Hilton Dayton-Fairborn (Wright Patterson)
Rating: 5
Text: Loved our visit here. Breakfast is great with lots of variety and changes up daily. Monday - Thursday evening dinner is a nice feature as well. All staff, from front desk, to breakfast area attendants, to maintenance crew, has been very friendly and are quick to make sure you are enjoying your stay. Also, very accommodating of our service dog. We never once felt unwelcomed.
Rating: 1
Text: First, they didn't have the double bed suite I booked, saying they cater to insurance companies. Instead giving two room suites with king beds, fine. Second made us sign a quiet contract of no noise after 10 but the party in the pool area that no one else could use was still going until midnight. Third, the parking lot was blocked off and you couldn't park near your building due to asphalt supposed to be laid in the morning. I'm handicapped, pretty lame, that you can't tell me this checking in. Four, expect no privacy because the walls are paper thin here. I wouldn't stay here again, because when I complained all she had to say was well I'll give you some points. Catering to the insurance company, but not your short term customer.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were large and comfortable, but the hotel feels a little dated. There were minor defects to my room, such as the smoke alarm being detached from the wall. Front desk staff really stood out though - they were very well organized for the wedding party I was part of and remembered the name of my additional guest, who was arriving late and would need a key.
Rating: 2
Text: Overall rooms were nice and what you would expect at a Homewood Suites, however this particular Homewood suites is dated and not being maintained. The only thing they really have to offer is free beer... But if I wasn't mistaken it seems like they open this up to the local community. Or maybe the local community just decided to help themselves. If you are looking for a nice hotel in the area stay at the Marriott. 

Legit complaints:

1) Gym - falsely avertised on website as having free weights. See pictures
2.) Wifi - HH member and very poor quality, slow, constantly kicks devices off
3.) Room Noise - I can easily hear others in the rooms above me. Sounds like a family of elephants we're staying here. I was constantly woken up at night from hotel noise. 
4.) Room Temperature - thermostat doesn't seem to regulate the room temperature. It just does what it wants fluctuations from 68 to 76 
5.) House Keeping - some were great! Others terrible job. Forgot to refill toilet paper, coffee, towels.
Rating: 3
Text: Was somewhat disappointed with the place. The first front desk clerk we had was friendly, helpful, and intelligent, even giving us a discount coupon for a local restaurant because our room wasn't ready, yet. So, we went to dinner, but when we returned, the manager was behind the desk. He was far less everything than the first person. Room still wasn't ready, so we waited in the car. When the room was finally ready, it was a cramped, confined little thing. Very oppressive. When it was time to leave, we were charged a higher price than we were quoted, despite not getting extras. All in all, not the best stay, but I HAVE had worse, too. 
