Home-Towne Suites Columbus
Rating: 1
Text: I just called trying to get more information and the guy literally hung up in my face. It sounds like he was sleeping. He was very rude and I'm not sure why a**holes like him accept these jobs if they're going to mistreat others. I have good money to pay and would have stayed for more than one night. If that's the kind of service I receive over the phone I can only imagine actually being there.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible...!!!!!
Horrible...!!!!!!!!!!!!!

They gave me 1 towel which was to last me an entire week!!
The rooms are filthy!
Dried blood on the sheets!!!!!
Hair all over the bed as if they "forgot" to wash the bed coverings.
No cups
No ice
The AC LEAKED WATER ALL OVER THE FLOOR. And HAD NO filter in the AC WHEN I ARRIVED.

Prostitution, and crackheads in every hallway. 

Horrible customer service!!!!!!!!

I showed  the desk agent the pics I took of the room and she acted as if she didn't cared to see them. She asked if I wanted another room instead. 

I was given a room key for a room that wasn't assigned to me. 

The night attended would not assist me with any request and stated that all laundry was washed once every 2 weeks. And that I needed to just reuse all towels I had whether I used it to clean up a spill or not. 
Like how rude can one be. 

Never ever will I go back to that dump of a place!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rating: 3
Text: I did not have much of choice and I had to get an extended stay hotel.  The place isn't too bad but some of the people staying there are not the best.  Dog food spilled in stairwell but don't bother to clean it up.  People leaving trash bags outside their doors.  Some people don't have manners and keep slamming doors or let their kids run up and down the hallway.  Some items don't work--I had to move rooms.  My key stopped working a couple times and then you have to wait for someone to get to the office.  It's ok but don't expect the best.
Rating: 1
Text: Probably the worse experience I've had traveling. Booked a double room and when I got there I was offered a single room with Twin size bed. Very unsafe neighborhood, fighting in the alley and junkies wandering around the hotel. They offered a refund, which I still haven't seen. If I could give this hotel a negative review I surely would.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible horrible horrible!!! Stay clear of this place! No toilet paper one towel everyone leaves the building by 9 so your screwed if u need anything and far as the bed goes your better off at the county jail. Hole in my ceiling in the bathroom.
