Homewood Suites by Hilton® St. Louis – Galleria
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel centrally located outside of downtown. Very close to the highway (right next to it actually, but it's not a nuisance) so getting downtown is very easy. It's also great to be literally across the street from the Galleria and have lots of shopping options available. 

The hotel itself is very nice! Almost all of the rooms are suites, and even the ones that aren't have a wet bar, fridge, and microwave in the room. Lobby was kept very clean, breakfast was nice, and the staff was very friendly. We'll definitely stay here again when we come back!
Rating: 5
Text: Really nice hotel! Staff was helpful, good breakfast spread. And it was great to be able to walk to dinner nearby. I didn't use the shuttle, but it was nice to have the option. Free parking and easy to get to as well. I would definitely stay here again .
Rating: 5
Text: This place was great. I had some unlucky issues with my room which is a bit dated with stained carpet and walls, but management quickly addressed my problems properly. The gym at this place was best hotel gym Ive ever seen. I would have paid for a membership here. Food service was great with tap beverage service on week nights. Small pool but wasn't an issue for me. Great patio/fireplace in back. Would definitely stay here again. If I had any complaint it would be that there was only one washer and it was pretty antiquated, but it got the job done.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location! Easy was to many dining options and shopping. Quick trip to Forest Park. Clean accommodations and friendly staff. Hot breakfast was fresh and they kept it stocked. Hotel could clearly use a bit of facelift, but not rundown. We will stay here next time we're in town!
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed here twice, each time traveling with family. As far as Homewood Suites' go, this is mid-tier. Staff is accommodating. Rooms aren't disgusting but definitely aren't kept to impeccable standards of cleanliness. Location is good... Close enough to most area attractions but far enough that room rates and parking availability (it's free) are pretty good. Decent mall is just across the street and in walking distance. I'd stay here again, but wouldn't be my first choice I'd traveling without children.
