Homewood Suites by Hilton Dayton-South
Rating: 5
Text: We booked a wedding block at Homewood Suites, and were not disappointed by the service we received. On the day of our wedding, we were surprised by a Wedding Time Capsule and a bottle of champagne. What a fun way to end the best day ever! Debbie Hartley was our contact at Homewood Suites, and provided excellent customer service. We highly recommend booking the Homewood Suites for your wedding!
Rating: 2
Text: The cleaning staff never actually cleaned the rooms. They would just make the bed and sometimes empty the trash. The shower was never cleaned for the 20+ days I was there on business. I don't think they swapped out the bedding either. Housekeeping never replaced the toilet paper on their own (nor left a spare) even when the roll was EMPTY. I always had to go to the front desk to get more toilet paper. When the issues were brought up they made various excuses. The only upside to this hotel was the breakfast and evening socials. Both were free for hotel guests and the food quality was pretty good. The staff in the dining area were always friendly and made the best food they could with limited resources.
Rating: 5
Text: Love the new renovations to this hotel. Absolutely beautiful and modern. Friendly staff. Great to work with!
Rating: 4
Text: Just in case you don't know what you are getting into, Homewood Suites is like staying in a little condo. There's a living area, a separate bedroom, a little fridge, sink, stove, microwave, desks, and so on. Very different from a conventional hotel. If you're a businessman and just need a place to sleep, this is more than you need. But if you are staying with a family or another couple or something, this is great. The extra space and separated rooms is nice. Quality wise it is nice. Not crazy upscale, but nice. Everything you would expect from something owned by Hilton.
Rating: 5
Text: Everything I needed and more. Spacious and clean room, breakfast and afternoon foods. Helpful friendly staff.
