Homewood Suites by Hilton Indianapolis Carmel
Rating: 5
Text: Location is great, close to Downtown Indianapolis. I was in the King Bed Suite with a shower. The room was nice, no problems at all. I know they do have some rooms that have tubs if needed. The breakfast each morning was prepared well.
Rating: 5
Text: Quiet modern residential/long term stay hotel in a convenient location. No oven, but rooms have full size refrigerators and dishwashers. 2 burner cooktops and large microwaves in the kitchen areas. Good lighting and workspace seating. Clean, well-appointed bathrooms and comfortable beds.
Rating: 1
Text: First off, I am a diamond member, and I've stayed here before. Stayed for an extended weekend. Room was okay. Bed was disgusting! The comfort had stains all over it(some looked like blood or the like, but most were yellow), and they apologized when it was changed out! Housekeeping decided not to clean my room for 2 day's, and I didn't have my DND on the door. I had to call the front desk to have someone at least bring towels the first day, and someone was luckily here to come clean when I called after I returned the second day. The maintenance guy hovered around the whole time while I worked out in the fitness center. The best way I can explain the front desk when I called to fix things, was politely rude? Not impressed!
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice hotel with mini kitchen equipped with just the essentials. 

Awesome indoor/outdoor pool with hot tub. 

Breakfast they off with stay is great. Lots to choose from. Pastries, waffle maker, oatmeal with toppings, eggs, breakfast meats, yogurt, coffee, and cereal bar.

Perfect little home away from home.
Rating: 2
Text: I love Homewood Suites but this location is Dirty! There was hair in the bed and the tub (I have pictures) and the room looks like it has not been cleaned in a few months. Literally, I wiped the outside of the refrigerator with a Clorox wipe only one time and it was extremely brown (Also have pictures). Not to mention the fingerprints all over the room. Would not recommend this location unless you have the time to clean yourself. Staff is accommodating (the reason for two stars)!
