Homewood Suites St Louis Chesterfield
Rating: 4
Text: Pros - ok, an older facility, but has big spacious rooms!

Room Clean.

Nice Couch!

Very well received at reception! Reception desk staff very professional and friendly.

Room is quite.

Great TVs in our room.

Hot breakfast served.

Spacious.

Evening Meal Staff most pleasant!

Cons:

The dinning area is darkly lit. Impossible to read or work.

Dinning room chairs are stained and dirty

Older facility, and it shows.

No oat meal or grits served at breakfast which is a normal feature at Hampton's Inn.

Facility is dated and worn.

Smoking rooms are next to non-smoking rooms and you can smell it.

Rated 4*s because of the excellent staff. Otherwise a 3.5*
Rating: 4
Text: Well located, room carpet had seen better days. Heard from colleague his wasn't bad so maybe it was mine only, was like one from cheap motel. Other than that breakfast was ok, evening social was very good specially the guy attending guests was full of energy and provided great service. One additional star for him
Rating: 4
Text: Room was fine and staff were great. Breakfast the first morning wasn't too great. Everything seemed overcooked and dried out. But the next morning breakfast was fine so maybe it was just a fluke. Overall the stay was quiet and perfect for what we were looking for.
Rating: 1
Text: The room was fine. Standard room, acceptable. Some of the hotel staff were great. Done of the hotel staff were the rudest service staff I've ever encountered. Like "I hate my job and I just got fired so I'll do whatever I want on the way out" rude. This is an overnight stay, and I usually don't care that much about staff. But these people were so bad (and there were more than one of them) that...well, I won't stay here again. It was...impressive
Rating: 4
Text: Staff are very friendly and helpful. Rooms are clean and tidy. Location is great too, not far from afew restaurants. The free shuttle bus also takes you to shopping centres and attractions that are close by. Highly recommended
