Honey Creek Resort
Rating: 3
Text: Quiet, comfy rooms, great rental cottages, lake views, good food, nice bar & banquet/party/meeting rooms, indoor water park and outdoor fun with bikes & nature programs.

As of November 2017 visit the service here is terrible. After coming here many years I am astonished by this. It appears that wait staff are quite new & often inexperienced. My understanding is that there is training going on to remedy this. This weekend I was comped more than one item for reasons such as waiting an hour for a side salad, etc. Training & efficiency of kitchen staff are lacking seriously. More than one of us in my group were served wrong order or incomplete order. Many staff were clearly confused about order process, internal communication and general table service. It doesn't appear to be lack of good intention but an incredible lack of training As well as being understaffed .Food from the kitchen would often take an hour To arrive at our table while we waited almost an hour for our drinks .One bartender on weekend evenings is not enough .
Rating: 5
Text: Great family vacation spot, all sorts of things to do & explore. Our kids loved the water park, the beach, learning the art of skipping rocks, learning about owls & other animals at the nature center. We enjoyed playing horseshoes, ping pong, foosball, & exploring the trails. I enjoyed morning yoga on the lawn. We enjoyed a nice dinner at the restaurant & saw they have a chef's garden out back, food was fresh. This resort is a hidden gem!
Rating: 4
Text: Nice amenities for a resort. Full blown hotel with nice restaurant and water park. Boat rentals and great Sun deck. Well done Iowa.
Rating: 4
Text: The ticks were thick!! Never seen so many ticks before, was not prepared for that...wish the front desk had mentioned something about being aware of that. Otherwise the cabin/cottage we stayed at was fine. Could use some maintenance on the floor. And they should prevent bird nests at front door- so much bird poo! And spray for wasps too-there was a nest under the picnic table at our cottage (#1). Nice trails, nice indoor pool-kids loved it! And nice playground. Lots of things to do there. I'd go back.
Rating: 1
Text: Hard beds.  Staying here for a wedding.   When booked the room 8 months ago we were forced to book it for 2 nights.  When we arrive we were told that they changed it so you only have to stay one night.  We needed the second night only
  No one bothered to let us know of the change until after we drove the 3+ hours to get here.   Bride and groom won't book another event here for as much as they were screwed over.  We won't be back again.
