Honeyfork Log Cabins
Rating: 5
Text: Honeyfork Log cabins are great!!! My husband and I have been taking yearly trips to visit the national parks/lakes in Hocking Hills and surrounding counties for six years now. We first tried Honeyfork on a whim because they offered lower prices than competitors and the pictures online were nice. We weren't sure what we would walk into (due to the great price) but we were pleasantly surprised. The cabin( The moose) was adorable and perfect for a couple's romantic getaway. After that first time we kept coming back and trying nearly all the cabins they have to offer. Every single experience has been good. I have no complaints. The hot tub, the fire place, and the awesome loft really make you feel like you've hit the vacation jackpot. My personal favorite is "Cabin on the Pond". There is a pond stocked with fish right on site. I loved waking up early in the morning, walking right onto the deck from the side door, having my cup of coffee and feeding the fish small pieces of bread. One cool feature not usually mentioned for this spot is the open field in front of the cabin. A field mite not seem like much but if you go out there on a summer night it is as if you are watching your own personal light show...the fire flies light up the entire sky and field. Living near the city I have never seen such an awesome site. If you appreciate nature you will love everything about this spot. On top of all the amenities that Honeyfork has to offer, the owners(Jim and Patty) are truly hospitable. They respect their guests and give them the privacy that one expects when going on a getaway vacation. However, they are also there when you need them. For instance my husband and I ran into some car trouble one year and Jim and Patty were so unbelievably helpful. They were so genuinely concerned and accommodating in our time of need. I cannot express how grateful I am for Jim and Patty's hospitality through the good and bad but I can say that I will continue to stay  ONLY at Honeyfork anytime that me and my husband visit the area.
Rating: 2
Text: Nice place but don't expect the electricity to stay on. There is no generator for when it is not on and while it is off the well does not work. This means that you cannot go to the potty or take a shower or even make coffee! We were there for four days and two of them the electric was off. They also have a hidden charge that was about 5 dollars a day that is not disclosed until after they charge your Credit Card. Too much of a hassle to dispute it. Hornets were also a very big problem as they must have made a nest under the picnic table. I was made to feel like a wimp for complaining about it and nothing was done about them. The fire pit was filled with a bunny rabbit nest so we were told to build a fire behind the cabin that was all mud and nowhere to sit and enjoy it. The longer I spend typing this review the more I feel like I was ripped off staying here....
