Horseshoe Southern Indiana
Rating: 4
Text: The casino aswell as the hotel are extremely large and you can spend plenty of time walking back and fourth. They do offer cart rides from a to b for a fee. The hotel room was wonderful, spacious and comfortable. However it would be nice if the the hotel offered fans for guests that have trouble sleeping without them. Food however is extremely expensive, a standard 12oz can of soda is 3.50.. I suggest bringing your own food.
Rating: 1
Text: Some friends and I came to the Horseshoe to enjoy the atmosphere, the casino and the food. The service here however isn't legendary! Amidst the spacious hallways and many dining establishments. Is not case however. Everything evidently closes early. The S&R was the only thing open. And please don't make the assumption that the cool relaxed ambiance equates to the legendary they portray to be. The service staff is completely lacking the necessary skills to be in this industry.
Upon finding a seat at the bar proper, the individual claiming to be sending said bar, started that it would be 20 minutes before he was able to do anything. We asked does that include a drink, because he made no move to take our order and he again said yes 20 minutes for that as well. So before our group lost our temper we remained patient and still the staff continued to fall shorter and shorter of acceptable service.
I'm summation, unacceptable on all fronts. Never again will I make the trek to this casino resort!
Rating: 4
Text: It was a nice time for me and my husband. We enjoyed a free night in at the hotel and didn't lose to much money  at the casino. The one thing that could have been better was if the buffet had been open.  Apparently it closes on Monday and Tuesday for cleaning. Our loss. We ate at the restaurant on the boat, it was quite good
Rating: 4
Text: My husband took me there for my birthday and really enjoyed myself. This isn't the first time I've been there. But for some reason it was the best. The staff was very nice and the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The front desk gave me whatever floor and view I would like.
Rating: 5
Text: Hello,
I just want to give a huge shout out to Robbert and Vicki from the ENVY table games, they were such friendly people and were there to answer all my questions. THEY WERE AMAZING!!!!!

Some of the other dealers weren't very friendly but I feel like I have made friends and look forward to coming back and playing with them!

Thanks,
Madelyn
