Horseshoe Bend RV Campground
Rating: 5
Text: We spent six nights at Horsehoe Bend Campground at Leavenworth, Indiana in our RV (no tent camping). We loved it--the campground's owner and employees are helpful and friendly, the only noise comes from the barges going down the river, and the sites are level with full hook-ups. We camped next to the river and sat in our lawn chairs just below our RV and watched the river flow. 
The campground is pet-friendly, has a boat dock, and also has a small laundry area (we didn't use it, so I can't comment on the building itself or how it worked).
The campground provides 70 RV sites and two cabins (I think two, perhaps one) for rent. Using our antenna, we were able to pick up two stations. 
I would happily go back tomorrow.
Rating: 5
Text: It was great! I was the only one there and the power and water was still on.
Rating: 2
Text: Very hard place to Find! Once we got there we had no phone service, no wi-fi, no television signal or even radio signal! The road leading to the campground is very narrow & scary if you meet another vehicle! The campground owners are pretty nice.
Rating: 1
Text: I made reservations by phone and paid in advance. From what we could see about this park on the google maps, it looked like it was located in a nice area. Due to lots of issues with traffic, we arrived at the park after dark. The GPS instructions to get us from the freeway to the park tried to take us on a one lane dirt road so I had to manually navigate the map for us to get to the park. The entrance road to the park is very hilly and only big enough for one large vehicle at a time. Since we arrived so late we did not encounter any traffic coming from the other direction, but it made us wonder what we would have done if there was. The campsites had been redone and so there were full hookups at the sites. There were no public bathrooms that we could see. The campsites were very close together. It is a pretty area, but given the difficulty in getting to it on such a narrow road, we will not be going back.
Rating: 5
Text: Love the cabin. Very peaceful
