Horse Cave KOA
Rating: 4
Text: Nice little campground. We stayed in cozy cabin for first time. It was cute and cozy. Fridge, microwave and sink with queen bed and bathroom. Just a note, there are no dishes of any kind. The are rebuilding put put course. Playground looks old school. A little girl did break her leg on bounce pillow right after we arrived. They have a little farm on site which is cool until the rooster starts crowing early in morning. Will come back and try out camper spots, they look a little tight.
Rating: 4
Text: Checked in late and was prepared NOT this place based on distance to bathhouse, resident cat in ladies's room,  sluggish wifi. But by light, it was much better. Good playground options for kids, with pool. Lake for fishing. Laundry facilities were the least expensive I've seen at a campground, and all were working well.
Rating: 1
Text: Laundry was sad. Two washers working, only one dryer. Wifi okay. Only 4 tv stations, no cable. No propane. Interstate noise. This KOA is overprice for it's current state.
Rating: 1
Text: I have been camping since I was 9 (44 now) and have never had a worse experience. I had a choice to stay in a cabin with a bathroom for $200 a night or this camping cabin for $95 a night. Both outrageous but it was a family reunion so I took the camping cabin. I was told since we had five I would have to pay $10 extra a night. :(
We arrived and when I saw the cabin I almost fell over. I have seen doll houses bigger. Inside is a full bed (with a sleeping mat, no mattress) and a bunk bed (2 twins). There was no way my daughter (18) could sleep in the cabin and they had to know that when they charged me $10 extra dollars. The cabin barely slept 4. The full bed was like sleeping on the ground.
They advertised a putt-putt which was 9 holes of double stacked red bricks around straight putting greens under construction. The WiFi didn't work for anyone in our group. The bouncing pillow was their only attraction and it stayed so packed my boys could barely get on it. The pool is just a simple 3-5 foot pool like any motel has.
Next year our family will have the reunion somewhere else. We will never stay at Horse Cave KOA again and I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.
Overpriced, under staffed, and highly disappointing!!!!
Rating: 2
Text: Major safety issues. Sites for pop ups on the side of the road leading to the rest of the campground. We had big RV'S coming within 2 feet of our awning. Very small store. Younger kid driving a golf cart haphazardly through the campground guessing it is the owners son. Mini golf was closed due to remodeling. Rooster crowing at all times. Rained everyday so site was constantly flooded. 
