Hotel Bothwell, An Ascend Hotel Collection Member
Rating: 5
Text: Staying at the Hotel Bothwell was a Joy! Everyone enjoyed the elevator and the 20's mail shoot. The rooms were so nice and the bathroom was lovely. Easy communication with front desk.
So many lovely places to sit and talk to relatives. This was a wonderful place to have a reception for a wedding.
We did not meet the Ghosts even though we were willing! They most be Happy Too!
Rating: 2
Text: I was so excited to get to my hotel last night. The pictures depicted a beautiful, rustic hotel that was brought into this century. However this is not what we found after checking in. The staff was wonderfully very cheerfully and sweet. But the room was very small. the sheets had blood stains and makeup stains. The bathroom was supposed to have "updated features" however I have never seen a more basic bathroom. The tub was dirty and looked like it may have been white at one time but not anymore. There was a patch in the wall where you could tell there was a door at one time that they cheaply attempted to covered up. The ceiling had old, yellowing water stains along it. All in all I might pay 40 a night for a place like this but the fact is I played 120. When I spend 120 a night on a hotel I expect to have a nice room. This was far from.
Rating: 4
Text: Seems like this hotel is used for yearly fair goers. Small breakfast buffet, with cooked items and fresh fruit. Complimentary coffee and newspaper in the morning. Slightly musty room odor, beds are extremely soft, breakfast a little on the greasy side. Friendly staff, historic facility, located in the downtown area so restaurants are within walking distance. Overall pleasant experience.
Rating: 3
Text: Room was acceptable, but strange.  2 bathrooms in a rather small space?  Guess that was the original design but we would rather just have more room instead.  

Went by the spa and picked up a list of services, checked to see they closed at 6pm, and said I'd be back.  Came by at 4pm and they said they couldn't do anything since the staff had already left, at least 2 hours before close.

Tried to go to the grill and was told it was open, but nobody was inside at least one hour before close.

Bar closing time from business behind hotel created enough noise to wake me up on the third floor.

Breakfast next day was minimal.  No milk or orange juice, no cereal.  Just some untoasted  bagels, coffee, a few muffins, instant oatmeal bags, and some eggs in an ice bath.

Nice enough place but just felt dead and the advertised services were not available.  Will probably not return, the price was not justified by anything I saw.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice hotel, with beautiful lobby. However, there are a few improvements needed. Bathrooms need updated, and it would be nice to see a familiar face. Every time I go there it seems a new person is working. Hotels are homes away from home and this hotel has so much potential, but lacks in a few areas.
