Hotel Julien Dubuque
Rating: 4
Text: Lovely old restored hotel.  Some of the room's walls are a little thin, as you can hear people talking clearly in other rooms while in your own room.  Great ambiance, however.  We will most likely request a room on the East side of the Hotel, as the street can get loud on the weekends.  Cute Riverboat lounge, friendly staff.  We will be back with the above requests.  Dubuque is a gem that I really never knew about.
Rating: 5
Text: I enjoy staying here. There are a surplus of amenities for travelers; a good bar, competent restaurant, accessible spa. Rooms are clean and very well kept, with lavish square footage and many idiosyncratic little touches. Great views of the city and within walking distance of some really excellent bars, restaurants, and eateries. Highly accessible (two turns off the freeway and you've arrived). I always look forward to staying here.
Rating: 5
Text: Had an outstanding stay here.  Wanted a romantic overnight getaway for my wife and I so we tried downtown Dubuque and weren't disappointed.  Food, drinks, coffee, entertainment and a lively scene in a historic setting, Dubuque has it all and the Hotel Julien was the perfect place to stay for such a getaway. Can't wait to go back.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here over our anniversary weekend. Beautiful hotel in a wonderfully quaint part of town. Walking distance to restaurants and bars, coffee shops, shopping and attractions. Quite rooms. Restaurant and bar in the hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: I booked a trip to to Hotel Julien with a couples massage. Unlike most hotels who contact and set up packages you purchase through there website. I never heard from them. So I called the spa myself to set up the massage. However when talking to the girl at the spa she informed me they were completely booked up that day and did not see any reservations with my name. She then informed me that for some stupid reason the hotel doesn’t inform them of bookings through the hotels website(her words).  I then contacted the hotel who did nothing to try to rectify the situation and manager was rather rude. The only thing they offered to do for me was allow me to cancel within 24 hours.
