Hotel Phillips Kansas City, Curio Collection by Hilton
Rating: 2
Text: Used 40,000 points to stay here for a night.  That was 39,000 too many.  The hotel is old.  The room looks nice, bed is comfortable but it stops there.  I checked in through the app when I received the notification 24 hours prior, that I could check in.  I picked my room and received a confirmation that my digital key would be available upon arriving at the hotel.  When I got there it said Welcome and prompted me to go to the lobby to get my key even though it said I was checked in to room 809 (the room I picked). Upon check in, the concierge have me two keys for room 609. I went to the room and they didn't work.  Called the front desk, they said the room number was actually 509 even though he wrote 609 on my card.  He offered to cover breakfast for the hassle.  When we were headed to breakfast we realized the "free breakfast" voucher he gave us was up to $10. Most of the items were more than $10. So we went to get a cup of coffee thinking hotels normally have free coffee for guests. Ends up the coffee was $3.00. You'd be better off staying at a Hampton. This Curio needs a Curator...
Rating: 5
Text: Apparently when I called a couple of weeks ago to book directly, my reservation didn't make it in the system, but they took care of me! Beat my quoted rate! The rooms and hotel in general are beautiful. Great location with quick access to the Power & Light district for a ton of choices for dinner. And the on site restaurant serves fabulous food to boot.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice and historic, with modern remodel. If you are staying downtown in Kansas City, I would recommend. It was $200 a night for a tiny room but the bed was comfy and the restroom/shower needed some exhaust fans that actually let some of the steam out. When showering in this small area with a glass enclosed shower this tiny shower area is so dense with steam you feel as if you will pass out. Staff was friendly and helpful!
Rating: 1
Text: The rooms, at least the standard rooms, were small and dark.
 I realized I was staying in an old, historical hotel and would forgo some amenities (fridge, microwave, larger room) but assumed the customer service and room/hotel cleanliness would be outstanding. This was just not so. Our bathroom was not cleaned well at all (dried urine on toilet, hair in shower). We left for awhile and were told room would be recleaned and another matter with the bathroom would be taken care of. When we returned, the urine and hair were still there. We asked to be moved so at 11 pm we had to pack up and move. We were not offered so much as a free drink for our trouble or even a visit from the manager...BUT as we checked out they did make sure they charged us an extra $12 for having a third person in the room, even though we only had 2 glasses/coffee mugs. I tried to contact manager about our stay when I got home but my voice mail was not returned. Frankly, I've had better customer service at a Days Inn. Too bad they don't have enough pride in their historical hotel to care about the customer experience....I feel it's just about getting as much money out of you as they can.
Rating: 4
Text: The Hotel Phillips was very nice and had a great classic feel. It has been remodeled several times in it's history, and the upscale room shows it. However there are some things that just can't be updated, such as the room sizes and the tiny lacking elevators. Also I did pay for a deluxe room, in which the website shows a completely different room. But I was satisfied enough that I didn't complain. Overall though, the hotel was classy and was very clean. I would love to stay there again in the future.
