Hotel Deco
Rating: 5
Text: Our first time and we LOVED this place! Very unique and personable, from the parking attendant to the bar staff! LOVED the romantic bar in the lobby, and were blown away by the continental food spread the morning. Room was spacious, bathroom was PHENOMENAL.. all total, highly recommend this spot during her stay in downtown Omaha!
Rating: 5
Text: My fiance and I always stay here whenever we come to Omaha. We love this place! Comfy beds and I love the decor! The bathrooms could use some squaring up, but lovely showers! We are on the top floor and the windows are a little drafty with how old the building is, but we like it colder when we sleep so it works out. We stayed on the top floor and had a lovely view! Valet parking is an option, however there is public parking right by the front entrance and meters on the side. We have yet to check out the steakhouse! It's about 9 minutes away from the zoo. Easy to get to. Just keep your eye out for one way traffic signs. Don't park by the Jimmy John's because that's private parking! Very stylish and the front desk staff was very friendly. We have yet to get the valets name, but whoever was working the night of 11/11/2017 keep it up!  There is a $60 safety hold on the room by the way!
Rating: 1
Text: Visited earlier this year for work and fell in love with this hotel—they were still doing some construction, but the room artistic and had such a unique style. Staff was pleasant too! Couldn’t wait to revisit!.. Unfortunately, I’m currently there and having the WORST experience. Tried to go to bed hours ago and my room is FREEZING. Checked that the windows were shut, curtains drawn, vent open, etc. thermostat set to 90—not change in temperature! Under two blankets and still cold as I type this. Would love to have the room in AT LEAST the upper 60s. Reported to front desk REPEATEDLY and they just act increasingly annoyed (believe me, I’m more annoyed at this then you). It’s basically the equivalent to sleeping in a parking garage. Staff said they would send someone and did not. Basically ignored me the last time I went down to follow up, engaging someone else who arrived after me. Just stood there wondering—“WOW, is this actually happening right now?” Before walking away and finally giving up. WORST customer service. Could have overlooked the WiFi issues, the fact that the room phone isn’t programmed properly so I had to walk over to the front desk each time, among several other minor inconveniences, but this is just ridiculous. Probably would have slept better in my car. Put on all the clothing in my suitcase, shoes included. Maybe if I had paid $20 a night instead of nearly $200 this wouldn’t be so bad. What did my money even go towards?! Beyond disappointed and will not ever return. Not worth the risk since there’s no way to predict the sort of experience this place offers. Miserable and can’t wait to get out of this place ASAP tomorrow.
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent stay on a recent stop through Omaha. My wife and I were passing through with our dog and the Hotel Deco was like an oasis. Retro-modern style an obviously older building, so there are some blemishes, but overall it adds to the charm. The room was incredibly spacious with a very modern bathroom. Hands down the best hotel shower experience I've had.

Hotel itself was fairly quiet except for the A/C system and elevator. But the outside noise of the city, even on the seventh floor, definitely bled in. 

We felt very welcome with our dog, whereas some pet friendly hotels treat you like a burden.

The coffee and snacks in the morning where above-average quality with coffee from a local roaster. 

We would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: I really loved this place. The new restaurant and bar was amazing. Brian at the bar made probably one of the best drinks I ever had in my life. The food was both creative and delicious. I recommend for anyone in Omaha or just passing through town.
