Hotel Grand Conference Center
Rating: 5
Text: Great stay, comfy beds, free breakfast buffet with real food...eggs, bacon, biscuits and gravy, fruit, etc., microwave and frig in room, pool and game area. Perfect place to stay for our family. Stephanie at the front desk was amazing. She helped get us in a bit early since we were out of town and help get us on the shuttle to the fair. Over very nice and comfortable stay!
Rating: 4
Text: A nice big pool, billiards, and a 5-hole homemade mini-golf course made this a nice hotel for our kids. Breakfast was eh. Dinner at the hotel restaurant was good though. Reasonable beer selection on tap. Rooms were a bit small, but well appointed. Busy on the weekend, but a ghost town during the week.
Rating: 5
Text: Of course, it was on the path of totality for the August 21, 2017 eclipse.  There was a small grassy area for people to set up equipment and share the experience.  Oh, and the morning breakfast is great!  Eggs, bacon, fruit, coffee and more, uh and more bacon?.  So if you are needing a place to stay close to I-80 and want a great start for your day, this is your hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: I am picky about my a/c functioning a certain way. This unit has a way of shutting down as if on a timer. It's not real bad, just was inconvenient while I was getting ready and I prefer to be on the cold side while sleeping. Otherwise I love the place and I would have given it 5 stars. I do and will recommend it to others
Rating: 2
Text: Should be renamed "Hotel Mediocre." Morning restaurant manager told me I would have to "make some new friends" as I searched for a table for breakfast. She made no attempt to find out how many people were in my party, nor did she do anything to help. The air conditioner in the room was insufficient for cooling purposes and there was no way to control the high humidity level. Another person on our trip asked to be moved, and was told the hotel was "full," even though the sign on the street advertised  room availability. The website advertises room service, quote: "Did we mention room service? For those of you looking to kick back in he privacy of your sleeping room whether it be morning or evening we will be happy to deliver the same great menu items right to your door." I pressed the "room service" button on the telephone and got a recording. I called the front desk and was told, "We don't have room service." Click. The two stars are for the friendly, helpful, and professional housekeeping staff - thank you for the warm greetings and smiles, ladies. Your manager and the rest of the hotel staff should be trained by you.
