Hotel State Fair
Rating: 1
Text: My husband had to stay in this  disgusting hotel last night. They were in town for work
And this was the only hotel available. There was pubic hair on his bed the towels were dirty. He asked them to come change the sheets after they did there were still pubic hair and and black spots everywhere on his bed. One of his other guys still had dried throw up on his chairs. I do not recommend anyone stay here..
Rating: 1
Text: Dirty & Disgusting - Worst hotel/motel I've ever stayed in

I was a guest along with four other friends at this motel the night of Sunday August 20. We had three rooms. I had a room to myself with a single queen sized bed. The woman who checked me in at the desk was pleasant and the process was easy. However, when I arrived in my room I first found a dead fly on the sheets just by the pillow. Later in the evening I was going to take a shower and noticed there was no shampoo (nor conditioner) as I found in every hotel/motel I have ever stayed in. I went to the front desk to ask about the shampoo and was told by the receptionist “Motel 6 is not required to provide shampoo.” I asked if they had shampoo, as again, every hotel/motel I have every stayed in has had complimentary toiletries upon request. She said they do not, and typically offer it for sale in their little shop (which also was sparse and not well maintained), but that they were out. To her credit, she later said she was going to have someone run out and get some for me, but I told her I already got some from my friends and it was not necessary. By then, I decided to shower in the morning.

When I prepared to get into bed, I noticed there was no blanket provided. Only a top sheet and the comforter. Knowing that most motels do not wash the comforter every time, I typically remove this and expect to have a sheet and blanket. I checked the drawers to see if there was one somewhere else. There was not.

I had very little sleep that night as the guest(s) above me seemed to be up all night moving about their room. I did not specifically hear voices or loud music, but a lot of movement from one end of the room to the other.

In the morning, when I woke exhausted to shower I noticed how dirty the floor of the tub was. It was disgusting. And each of the towels in the room appeared to be dirty. I was trusting these were not actually unwashed towels but stains that could not be removed in the wash. Even so, those towels should have been thrown out and replaced with new ones.

When I made my way to the lobby there was another guest complaining to the motel. I suppose I was not the only one.

I paid $124 for ONE night at this terrible motel. I have paid much less for much better in the past.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is conveniently located near several restaurants and gas stations plus salons car wash and Wal-Mart! The room was great clean and comfortable. The lobby is great!
Rating: 1
Text: As an independent ,travelling businessman i have stayed in literally hundreds of hotel\motels. In my personal experience i have NEVER encountered such incompetent unprofessional, lazy,arrogant and ignorant management and staff as this" POS" hole in the wall, roach motel. Check in is ALWAYS challenging as the staff do not listen, nor comprehend english and apparantly are not clear as to any acceptable form of payment. You can PLAN to spend a very frustrating 45min + in the lobby EVERYTIME you stay. Yes i have stayed there multiple times and the condition,cleanliness and customer service are rapidly deteriorating. Rooms are musty and dusty. Maids only touch up center areas of room leaving edge areas around and behind beds/furniture filthy. Staff is lazy blatantly refused to accommodate when informed of missing or broken amenities including but not limited to fridge, microwave,television and or remote saying "we'll have someone look at it tomorrow....." as of my most recent stay, the heat didnt work and i had ROACHES!!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: The Staff was rude asked to talk to the Manager and was refused they said and I quote "she doesn't deal with customers she doesn't like them" really?!? You own a Pos hotel the pillows are just quilt batting. The sheets where stained and looked dirty. No one came to make bed or tidy up.the bed is like sleeping on the floor. After 10 minutes I wanted to leave so tried to ask for the Manager and got the above response which fyi the guy kept talking over everything we said.  Oh and had to go buy a fan because AC was not working in either room they put us in.Very disappointed and disheartened. DO NOT STAY HERE!
