Hotel At Old Town
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful place with spacious rooms and elegant decor.  The gorgeous central atrium is both luxurious and comfortable.  All rooms come equipped with a full kitchen for convenient meal prep and food storage, perfect for those like us who have particular diets.  Hotel is located right in the middle of downtown, easy walking distance from great restaurants, nice bars, and the Old Town Theater.  We couldn't ask for anything more!
Rating: 5
Text: Went to the conference center for a company function. There was a catered lunch of acceptable quality. My employer also held a presentation. The equipment at the hotel was ready and functioned properly during the presentation. The dining area and reception area were clean and tidy. Professional and well done job.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice hotel in a great location. I liked that the hotel was unique but still having modern amenities. Our room was a good size with a useful kitchenette. The bed a comfy, the shower was nice. Although the shower curtain was too small letting water leak all over the bathroom. The only thing I would change is adding a complimentary breakfast at the price we paid.
Rating: 5
Text: Hotel At Old Town is my favorite hotel this far. The hotel provides first-rate service, a great atmosphere, and clean rooms. There is parking specifically for hotel guests which is great as Old Town is the very definition of an active downtown. There are restaurants, live shows, a museum, and many other weekly events held in the neighborhood. I really have nothing negative to report. Everything about our visits always deserve five stars. Keep up the great work!
Rating: 2
Text: There was a live band playing across the street until 1:oo AM on Friday night and lots of street noise.  If you're planning to stay up late, or if you're staying in the hotel during the week, you'll be fine.  But if you want to sleep before 1:00 AM on Friday or Saturday night, stay somewhere else.  We checked out and moved to another hotel for Saturday night.  

I had rented a suite for a romantic getaway.  The room was very spacious, but the furnishings and finishes of the room were not as plush as I expected for the price.
