hotelVetro
Rating: 5
Text: hotelVetro was a much better experience than the Reviews would indicate. Nice large, clean rooms with large windows and functionally and aesthetically designed.  Though the views over the lower rooftops with AC units was not appealing, there was an aperture NW to the Ped Mall. It was much more accommodating than the 4+ Star vacation rental we stayed in for 3 days just prior. We'll plan to stay there again. The location including the fantastic Bread Garden restaurant and small grocer below was outstanding! Bernie
Rating: 3
Text: I'm pretty ambivalent about hotelVetro. We had a corner king suite and it was lovely. The bed was comfortable and the room quiet. But, we requested an additional hour for check-out (noon) so we could go to brunch. We left the do not disturb sign on the door. When we returned at 11:30 (30 mins after normal check out), housekeeping had cleared everything from our room. Apparently, "found" items were not stored in a single location. They kept telling us we had everything but finding more things when pressed so we're still not sure we have everything. They comped our parking, but I'm not sure that makes up for the vague feeling that we're still missing things.
Rating: 1
Text: Not worth the price! We stayed in a suite for our wedding night. The air conditioning was noisy to the point you can't hear the television, and there was plenty of street noise along with it. The balcony would have been more appealing if it weren't so close to street level. The bedding was covered in several long black hairs that didn't belong to us. if you want relaxing and romantic go somewhere else!
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is beautiful and the staff were very accommodating. My only complaint was the WiFi- it was spotty in the room and non-existent on the balcony. That shouldn't be an issue in a hotel this expensive.
Rating: 5
Text: This is an awesome hotel. I worked here as an engineer for almost 2 years. This hotel is designed very well and is very appealing. I will always miss this hotel. 
