Hotel Nashville
Rating: 5
Text: Great access to everything, great staff, and clean rooms.  If your looking for a 5 star hotel your not going to find it here.  The place does have some minor cosmetic issues, but makes up for it with a great experience.  Restaurant is great, and overall felt like I was at home.  Lady bugs were present but did not pose any issues.  We will definitely return to hotel Nashville next time we return.
Rating: 5
Text: This our third time staying here and highly recommend it. It's well managed And has a great breakfast. There's also a nice dining area with great food. If you like to shop in Nashville, In  right out the door of your room and down a few steps and your on the main street with plenty of shops and food.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrid! I stayed one night and was drinking with some friends when a guy named Josh came to us with a buddy of his. We are not from around here and thought well, sure hang with us. Big mistake. The guy Josh got drunk and started to cry about how bad the Germans are, all due to the past with the Jews. I Immediately got offended because not all Germans were bad, in fact there was a bunch of them who fought the Nazis off. It got worst... We found out that he lives there and works there as a laundry boy, which isn't bad. Then he proceeds to tell us that he lives here too and that he slept with the manager Kevin?! I had enough and dismissed myself from the group. Not only did this Josh shared too much but he was a buzz kill at the party. Not to mention his lil creep of a friend kept hitting on me...Please for the love of gawd, keep your employees daily lives out of guest's ears... thank you.
Rating: 4
Text: Things were a bit dated but nice (It seemed like it had been designed and furnished in early 80's maybe).  We had a good time though, and no major complaints.
Rating: 5
Text: If you are staying somewhere. You have a warm place to sleep. Be happy. Just because the building isn't brand new. Does not mean it isn't good. Just because the furniture isnt brand new. Does not mean it isn't good. Go look in the mirror and tell yourself you are in one of the most beautiful parts of indiana and aren't happy about that? The buildings, furniture and quirks are part of the charm of the area. If you have enough time to even think about complaining about an 'outdated' building. Then you are spending too much time indoors.
