Hotel Kansas City Downtown/Union Hill
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed here for a week and had a great experience overall. The staff was very friendly from top to bottom and very nice to our small children. The happy hour was a fantastic opportunity to meet other people and the food was good (free beer and wine was an added value).

The location is in a very convenient part of town that is near Country Club Plaza and downtown. It's easy to find things to do just driving along Main Street. 

I'd definitely recommend staying if you are looking for a family and pet friendly Extended Stay residence.
Rating: 5
Text: Our experience with this hotel have been fantastic! Unfortunately we had to come up to Kansas City because my son was transported to Children's Mercy Hospital. Well the staff here have been really nice and even upgraded our room to a larger room since we may be here for a while! The location is great because it's only 7 mins from the hospital. The room is a really neat two story apartment really. My other son really likes his loft bedroom. Would definitely stay here again if we visit this area again. 
Rating: 4
Text: The staff is really nice, the breakfast is good, the hotel is in a good location to access downtown. I would recommend
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel. Rooms and common spaces were very clean and well kept. Extremely accessible to downtown, only a short drive away. Only a quarter mile walk to the WWI War memorial which is very impressive. The only down side to the hotel is turning off its street onto the main thoroughfare it connects to. Traffic from the left is very difficult to see as they come over the hill.
Rating: 3
Text: Room was clean and spacious but the hotel is out in the middle of nowhere in a sketchy area. The lobby is locked at night and I didn't see a way for guests to access it other than ringing a bell and waiting to be let in which is really weird.

The hotel is apartment-style with separate buildings and all doors opening to the outside. There is lots of road noise thanks to the busy street right next to the hotel. Staff was friendly enough which was nice but I definitely will not stay there again.
