Howard Johnson Burlington
Rating: 2
Text: DON'T STAY IN ROOM 119!! BED BUGS!!! Both bed comforters had food stains. They did change bedding and were nice about it. Apparently after 2 nights you wear out your welcome, they stop leaving toilet paper and towels. My husband had to ask for them, they gave him a key to the room next door to get toilet paper. I had bites that at first I assumed were mosquitoes from fishing, but they were itching really bad and hurt. My husband and step son got them too. After a 17 hour drive home, I had to wash our clothing and throw away anything we didn't need. Needless to say we won't be staying there ever again
Rating: 5
Text: Remodeling was finished in our section, we had 2 rooms, both were clean south side rooms w/ good beds and showers. Great price. Indoor pool area was large and appears clean, very nice. Staffing was very friendly and accommodating.
Thanks
Rating: 5
Text: Staff very helpful. In wheelchair and helped getting stuff for showering out a 20 foot uhaul.  Helped with getting me to the free breakfast bar. Barb was extremely helpful at night. Would definitely stay there again.
Rating: 4
Text: This is an older motel but very nice. The staff is very friendly and helpful. In its time it was an ELITE motel for only the very well off. Now it shows its age and but the rooms are clean and have been updated. The inside pool area is amazing.... you just have to see it. 
Rating: 2
Text: What the HoJo Burlington has going for it is that it's cheap and there's a halfway decent free breakfast, that's pretty much it. The whole operation seems like it was nice once upon a time, but hasn't seen regular maintenance or thorough cleaning in a very long time. Check in was not really a problem but I couldn't find the room and the desk didn't know where it was, I had to ask a janitor. Room door was filthy and rusted, patio was pretty gross, lots of cigarette ash and random office furniture. Inside the carpet had every stain and was threadbare, the furniture was pretty worn. Bathroom was very clean though, and the bed was incredibly comfortable with clean linens. A weird issue was that my keywords stopped working on three different occasions. Unless you really don't care where you stay and just need a shower and a bed, look elsewhere.
