Howard Johnson Inn Lima
Rating: 5
Text: I had a really wonderful stay here! The hotel was very easy to find, and located in a quiet part of town. The hotel staff upon check in was super nice and very helpful of the surrounding areas. The hotel atrium was amazing- it featured a giant fish tank and comfortable couches to just "hang out," a huge pool, a game area that featured ping pong and pool tables, and an arcade. The best part of the hotel was the morning breakfast- very good food and had some healthy choices. It turns in to a pizza bar at night- the pizza is awesome, and usually has some great deals for hotel guests.
The room themselves were clean and quiet- and had really fast internet. I loved my stay here!
Rating: 5
Text: Great location right off the highway. Clean indoor pool, awesome pizza lounge, and good breakfast. Close to many other restaurants and coffee places.  Rooms are VERY spacious and clean! Fun! 
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed here for 4 hours to get some sleep on route during a long drive. The interior was interesting with a large indoor common space with a pool, pool tables and play equipment. The rooms were clean and the one I stayed in had a balcony overlooking the main area. The only negative of my short stay was it seems the smoking and non smoking rooms are right across from each other so cigarette smell permeated throughout the whole floor and faintly into the non smoking rooms.
Rating: 1
Text: Well it started out good but they don't have Quiet hours. They have banquet rooms and they are not afraid to use them. They are rented till 11pm and they allow the DJ to play til 10:30pm so don't expect to get ANY SLEEP.  Now on a good note the maintenance crew was very professional
Rating: 5
Text: We are from Lima but we moved to Florida a couple of years ago. We still have family there but don't care to stay with anyone, just a preference. We come back to visit our granddaughters and family whenever possible. We stay at Howard Johnsons every time (stayed recently, on August 18-19) because we know what we are getting for a fair price. Very clean rooms (so impressed!), a nice variety for breakfast (also very clean area, important to me), friendly staff that goes out of their way to accommodate us, the amenities (a game room, pool table, a bar if we choose to drink, and a swimming pool), and it is safe. The location is perfect for us, right off 75, and makes it convenient to go to different areas of town. Plus, my fav restaurants are nearby! ;) Love it!! We'll be back!
