Howard Johnson Inn - North Platte
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed at this hotel 10/8/17, woke up and turned on lights in kitchenette and found cockroach on floor, I tried to kill it and it ran under the cabinet. Checked out immediately. wrote note about experience and handed it to the clerk as I did not want to alarm the other guests there. She stated she would inform hotel manager. Needless to say, I did not stay for breakfast, I got away from there. I have not hear anything back from hotel, nor a e-mail about my stay there. Reading other reviews online, it sound like people have had problems with bugs on their rooms.
Hotel needs to have exterminator out to handle this on monthly basis. 
This hotel shows me it just does not care. Please stay away!
No stars at all.
Rating: 4
Text: Great rooms that were very clean and  great mattresses. The breakfast area very clean and good food.  However, it is too bad that the quests seems to have no problem trashing the outdoor property.  I could find only one trash can to dump some of the trash from my car.  It might help if the area had more than one out door trash can  available on this property.
Rating: 1
Text: Overnight clerk was rude during check-in. She proceeded to call the police when I asked her if I had said or done somethings to offend her since her attitude depicted we were an inconvenience. When I asked her what I had done, she stated "You basically called me rude." For the record, I specifically asked, "Is there a reason you're talking to me in that manner? Did I say or do something to offend you?" We left and stayed at Hotel 83 for the same rate and much better service, even though we woke him up. It's up the street from this location on the left.
Rating: 4
Text: Great room and service.  Room was clean and bed was comfortable.  Dog friendly too. Convenient to I80. Great find while driving across the country.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, well-furnished room with a kitchenette and full-size fridge. Aside from the external door, it was indistinguishable from a room at a much pricier hotel.  Only the bathtub and the exterior walkway were showing their age.  The staff at the desk were very friendly and professional.  They also did a lot with the continental breakfast, incorporating some hot foods including some fantastic biscuits and gravy.  Overall, it was a phenomenal bargain, and my husband and I were both pleasantly surprised.
