Howard Johnson Kearney
Rating: 1
Text: The front desk worker is rude. She didn't seem interested in helping out. I wanted to pay cash and she ran my card without asking. Place wrecked of smoke when we walked in. Floors where thread bear and worn. Only redeeming quality was the room was clean and didn't smell of smoke. The pool was green and looked disgusting. My kids wanted to swim so bad so I let them. I was scared to death they were going to get sick. The price was good if you just want a place to lay your head and leave in the morning. 
Rating: 3
Text: Overall I liked the hotel. It was a good price. Nice rooms and breakfast was pretty good also. My only complaints were that there was never anyone at the desk in the lobby. When we got there to check in, we had to stand there for awhile before they came out. Then in the morning when checking out I dialed the phone for assistance as directed several time but whoever answered hung up each time. Finally one of the maids helped my knocking on the door for someone to come out. The gal who was running the desk looked like she had been sleeping. It was very frustrating.
Rating: 5
Text: After a long drive, this place was exactly what we needed. We stayed four days at this hotel during the snow storm this past week and we loved it. The room was very nice, the people were very nice and they even have breakfast! I felt like I was at home in this hotel and I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Kearney, Nebraska. They not only have the best rate, they have the nicest staff and the nicest rooms that I have seen in a very long time! This place deserves an average 5 star!
Rating: 1
Text: The front desk staff she was rude and when I told her about the pool water being YELLOW she told me to call corporate. The hot tub was closed down and no explanation was given other than call corporate. Believe me their sign says “Guaranteed Best Deal In Town,” it should read “Guaranteed To Call Corporate!!!!!!”    STAY AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!!!!!
Rating: 2
Text: The foreign lady at the front desk on 8/15/17 was the rudest, most disrespectful front desk person my husband and I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with. I had forgotten my quilt in our room that we had checked out of one hour earlier, and she LIED, told us it wasn't there and I had probably left it somewhere else. She then proceeded to tell me to go look myself(no key anymore since we had checked out technically) and WALKED OUT THE FRONT DOOR ON ME! Literally, she left the building. And there were people waiting to check in too.
A sweet lady doing the laundry was able to locate my blanket for me eventually. Thankful for her.....very sorry she has a disgusting woman for a coworker.
