Howard Johnson Sioux City
Rating: 3
Text: Pretty craptastic. They are in the process of renovating but still.  The breakfast is nothing to brag about. Milk left out all morning.  Pool closed. Pretty clean rooms though. Will be nice to see when renovations are done. I can walk around in my socks without them turning black. That's more than I can say for some places I've been.
Rating: 1
Text: The hotel does not feel properly maintained. First, the room. The carpet had plenty of mystery stains, some of which were of questionable colors. Shelves bent in the closet. The wall in the bathroom was soft and showing signs of continued water damage. Finally, there were bed bugs. Outside of the room, the vending area didn't have vending machines anymore. Lights were out and flickering on the floor. One elevator had what appears to be a dead mouse in the light fixture. The vending machine near the skywalk has chocolate milk - unrefrigerated. The night clerk was quite rude, and while the day staff was understanding - including room comp - generally a lot of work needs to be done. Pool was closed for maintenance, but that's neither here nor there. Laundry was also out of order. Finally the parking is under construction, but I didn't find it too troublesome. For the sake of the day staff I hope it improves.
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms were nice but at about 9pm some dumb@$$ was cooking on an open fire and there was a false alarm fire. The shower heads were only about 4 feet tall and you have to play limbo to wash your hair. Lastly, the breakfast was bad.
Rating: 3
Text: Very dirty rooms, no outlets anywhere near the bed. The alarm clock and lamps near the bed were just sitting there not plugged in because there was nowhere for them to plug into. I picked up a different lamp to move and put my suitcase on the floor since there were no luggage racks and there were rings around the lamp base on the floor where it hadn't been cleaned in who knows how long. The hotel staff was friendly but didn't seem to understand their booking system and several in my group were charged for the wrong number of nights.
Rating: 2
Text: Friendly staff, however, upon check in no water and have to use dirty service elevator in back hallway. We had the brown water for a day.  Next day water is better except water is raining in from the ceiling in my bathroom. Moved rooms,so glad I'm checking out after 2 nights.  This hotel could be really nice is they get the maintenance under control.  The elevators did get fixed but we're broken again when I checked out. 
