Howard Johnson Romulus Detroit Metro Airport
Rating: 2
Text: The lobby looked dirty. There was a couch in the lobby that looked like it belonged in a dumpster. Pillows were so filthy. I got to my room, lifted the blankets and there was a filthy washcloth in between the bed and nightstand. The mattress was stained really bad. I asked for another room, and they moved us with no problem. We get to the room and the television didn't work. Smh The hotel clerk switched out the TV for us in a timely manner. He was apologetic and very friendly. The rooms were cheap, so I guess I got what I paid for.
Rating: 1
Text: This motel was extremely run down. The staff was nice, but the room was horrid. The chair was several stained, as well as the carpets (I wore my shoes the entire time). The toilet paper holder was ripped off the wall, so my paper was sitting on the tank.  There were coffee splatters on the walls, as well as cobwebs and cherry pits from a previous guest on the floor. The carpeting was stained and overall the fixtures were dusty. The a/C was obnoxiously loud, waking me up every time it turned on.  The walls were paper thin, I got abut 3 hours of sleep during my stay. The shuttle to and from the airport was 45-60 minute wait (it's literally a mile from the airport). The breakfast buffet was minimal.
Rating: 4
Text: No frills hotel, but friendly staff and fair cost. Rooms are usually clean, and air conditioning works good. Very basic breakfast in the morning, and 24 hour airport shuttle. This hotel is great for cheap accommodations near the Detroit airport.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible hotel. I stayed here for over the course of 4 months for work. Could definitely be a bit cleaner. The "fitness center", "contenential breakfast" and "laundry room" are a joke! Don't believe it. But worst than the facility is the manager Robert... omg this man... You complain about something and they say you have to speak to the manager but he's NEVER available. And be careful they have repeatedly given out the same room keys to different guests. Luckily for me, I no longer stay with them. Whew!
Rating: 5
Text: Clean comfortable rooms.Great beds and quiet rooms. Staff is super friendly especially helpful were Shaina and Ali. Will definately return.
