Hueston Woods Lodge & Conference Center
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here this past weekend for a wedding, and it was beyond an amazing weekend. We stayed at the lodge the entire weekend. First off our room was extremely nice. Everything was kept up to date and well kept. Our first morning there we had breakfast there at the restaurant and it was perfect! The service was quick and the food was amazing. My fiancé got the buffet, and it was all fresh food and very good options for it. This was my first time ever staying at the lodge and after this weekend, it’s making me want to go back very soon! 
-taylor
Rating: 4
Text: Service is amazing as usual, views and lake are beautiful! First room was great, second room needs some maintenance. Nature center seems to have gone down hill some.
Rating: 4
Text: Desperately needed to get away. A friend recommended Hueston Woods.  I checked it out and was very glad I did.  It was far enough a way while yet being accessible.  The cabin was clean and accommodating. The staff was kind and courteous. They really worked with me to help me get the best price for my allotted time.  I highly recommend a week in The Woods to help restore balance and clarity to one's mind and spirit. Ask about their specials. .we got an extra night :-) I would definitely recommend Hueston Woods and I definitely be staying there again.
Rating: 3
Text: Staff was terrific. Wonderful building built solid in the 1960s and recently updated. We had great weather in August. Sadly the building is in need of maintenance. Missing drinking fountain, holes in walls, doors not working, woodwork in need of staining, shuffleboard sticks and disc badly damaged, disc golf course unkept with poison ivy, 20+ vultures roosting outside on the roof and chimney, only one pontoon boat worked at the marina, ... If maintained this would be an amazing lodge. 
Rating: 5
Text: We have stayed at the lodge with a balcony overlooking the lake and in the Premier cabin. Both are equally amazing. We wished we could freeze time when we were staying in the cabin it was so wonderful. We happened to go this past weekend when the weather was just exquisite and sitting out on the screened patio with a view overlooking the lake was just amazing. We roasted s'mores in the fire pit. The pizza at the lodge bar is amazing. The restaurant is also as well. Our family just absolutely loves this place and we'll probably go year after year forever. It is simply nostalgic to us and we just love it there. The pools are nice too.
