Huzzah Valley Resort
Rating: 5
Text: Been going here for years and each time is always good even when it rains hard suddenly and I forget to close the sky windows in the tent. Was soaked immediately, yet was funny as h*ll. Always great memories!
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place, open, beautiful, excellent customer service. Highly recommend the horseback trail rides, highlight of our trip, Hailey was the best trailguide, looking forward to our next stay.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible experience with service. The people were nice but they charge more for you to use your own kayak or canoe because "they have to unload their gear to load yours." I was left to put my own kayak on the bus and not the trailers on both shuttle rides, so I paid for service I didn't receive. Also they had people patrolling the camp grounds well past midnight shining their headlights into our campsite every hour or so. If your looking to be in nature and be left alone, do not go to this campsite.
Rating: 5
Text: Our favorite place to go!  Either with friends, family, or solo.  I try to go every year, camping or cabins.  My granddaughter and I have made it a tradition now. She looks forward to this EVERY year! The staff has gone out of their way to help anyway they can.  This year, as promised, we booked a tent site at the last minute due to work schedule changes, etc. only to find 2-4 inches of rain, thunderstorms & flash flood warnings issued shortly after booking, from midnight until the next evening on our scheduled first night there!  :(  Since she is only 10 and camped in a tent one time (backyard), I did not want to traumatize her with a miserable/potentially dangerous experience  like that!  I called them as soon as the warnings came out and they were so kind as to credit us towards our next trip!  Thank you, thank you Huzzah! Poo poo on you Mother Nature!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Would give five stars if they spent all those profits on more bathrooms. Few sites we your not gonna expect a long walk to even just a johnny on the spot. Otherwise great place just wished i saw more reinvestment of profits.
