Hyatt Regency Schaumburg, Chicago
Rating: 4
Text: Nicely redesigned lobby. Rooms could use remodeling, although they are generally clean. Attentive service. Good catering food. Convenient location near Woodfield Mall.
Rating: 3
Text: Overall nice appearance. But had a bad experience. Called in  to tell front desk we were checking in late an didn't get the room we asked for. So 1 of our guest slept on the floor. Room was so dusty everywhere. An poorly made beds with no fitted sheets. Very discerning. An no extra toilet paper. Not expecting this all for a Hyatt!.
Rating: 1
Text: While checking in,  I was told the room I'd reserved was no longer available due to the fact that I booked through a "3rd party". She wasn't so friendly while handing out this piece of information. Asked for my form of payment for a $50 damage deposit as if it were take it or leave it. Being from out of town, I took the room with disappointment. So instead of the king sized bed, I was put in a room with double beds. The bathroom was very small and the beds were between the size of a twin and full. I took pictures of what already looked damaged just in case. This will not be a hotel I'd want to stay at again while visiting Schaumburg. I'm guessing this is what you'll be looking forward to while booking through a "3rd party".
Rating: 3
Text: The staff was extremely polite and courteous.  The room on the other hand was a 2 star trying to be a 3 star. Hotel is supposed to be a 4 star. Theyre clearly struggling. Breakfast was good though.
Rating: 5
Text: FABULOUS, gorgeous hotel! Rooms are trying and chic. My reservation was under my stage name, so the rep had to double check with her manager to ensure this was ok. It was, and she completed my check-in quickly. 

I requested extra bedding, and someone bought them up within 5 minutes!  On check out Morning, I awoke to my bill under my door. I called front desk to try to complete check out on the television, as that is an option...the attendant asked if the bill was ok, I said yes, and he said "you're all set". 

Great service!!! They have locations in many cities!
