Hyatt Regency Columbus
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean and comfortable room. Employees were exceptionally friendly and helpful. Big bar on 2 is a great place to grab a drink and watch the game. I've stayed several times and never been disappointed. Only complaint, if you can consider it one, is the shower head was mounted very low. I'm just over 6' and it was at my chin making it difficult to wash my hair.
Rating: 1
Text: I rode 1800 miles on a motorcycle to Columbus from Utah to attend a conference being hosted at the Hyatt in Columbus. I had reserved my room, and because I did not receive a confirmation email, actually called back twice and was assured my reservation was in order.
When I arrived, the lady at the check in desk said there was no such reservation, then asked if I was from Utah. When I told her I was indeed, she said, “Oh, well your reservation is for October 21-23, not September”. I said I had called twice to verify, and this made no impression at all. She said they were fully booked because of the conference, and could not offer me a room. She did not refer me to another hotel, offer to call and check availability elsewhere, or apologize for the mix up in any form or fashion, in short, did not do anything a customer service related organization would do to keep a customer.
I have recommended the motorcycle safety organization Holding the conference not use Hyatt again if the is at all an example of the way they treat customers.
Rating: 4
Text: I travel quite a bit for business, so that makes a difference. The hotel was fairly typical. It was extremely convenient for the convention we were attending, the rooms above average. There is no parking, so you end up paying for valet service if you have a car there. The breakfast is overpriced ($20 for breakfast buffet) with Starbucks the only other close option. So, nothing bad - I'm not complaining. I would stay there again.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here for a conference last month. Phenomenal customer service - my bag was lost on my flight and the front desk staff did everything possible to make my stay more enjoyable. They provided me with all the necessities they could, as I did not have anything I needed in my carry-on. As soon as my bag arrived the following day, I received a phone call and was able to immediately pick up my bag at the front desk. This hotel is also in a great location -  there are tons of places to eat and see nearby. Great views from my hotel room as well. Highly recommend this establishment!

**The conference center is accessible directly from the hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed in a suite for a bachelorette party and was very pleased! Front desk was absolutely lovely and let us keep our bags in a staff watched designated area while we waited for our room to be ready. Suite felt luxurious for the price!
