Hyatt Regency Cincinnati
Rating: 5
Text: Our room was nice and clean with an up to date modern interior.
Our room service breakfast wasn't quite right but we told the front desk. They were great! Our meal was comped and they walked us over to Starbucks and told us to get whatever we wanted! Great customer service!!!
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was well situated for anyone wanting to stay in downtown Cincinnati. The gentlemen at the front desk were very polite. However the valet was a little rude since I only needed to check in and was parking elsewhere. The room was a little small for what people pay to stay there and the beds weren't really comfortable. However, the tub was nice and low for my disabled mother and the water pressure was great.
Rating: 4
Text: Focused on the business traveler.  My single king room had pretty small room, 2 drawers, a closet, chair, mini fridge, small desk, tv, and lots of electrical outlets.  Nice views from the 21st floor.  Very quiet.  Wonderful breakfast buffet (not included in the room price).  Friendly helpful staff.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful hotel with a attentive staff. It was a busy weekend but everything was handled as quickly as they could. I will definitely be planning to stay there again.
Rating: 3
Text: Overall the facilities were very nice, and the location is excellent.  A few experiences tarnished my visit a bit, but I fully acknowledge it may have been partially circumstantial.  It took well over an hour to check in, and some of the desk staff were a bit short (I do understand that it was a stressful situation).  Apparently the hotel had been fully booked the night before and the night of my stay, and they were having difficulty prepping.  

The room was noticeably cleaned in a rush -- a few of the room items hadn't been stocked.  The refrigerator wasn't functioning, but we were able to use the ice machine and cooler we brought.  I got a surprise authorization charge on my card as well.  While I was asked for my card number for incidentals, the clerk who asked didn't mention the $50 charge in the interim.  

All in all, a nice hotel, but my experience was a little underwhelming.  Perhaps better when not under pressure.
