Hyatt Place Topeka
Rating: 5
Text: There is construction going on around the area but it was well planned to get around and access was still available to get to the Hyatt Place in Topeka. The staff was friendly and welcoming throughout our visit and was able to answer any questions we had. Our room was directly across from the elevator which made it a little load from the hallway but not too noisy. We will stay again when in town.
Rating: 4
Text: Location is easy to see from the road, but a little difficult to actually get to. There was not a clear sign of where to turn. The room was very clean and spacious. The front desk attendant was courteous and worked as fast as he could to get a crib for the room. The continental breakfast was good and offered a lot of choices. We enjoy staying here.
Rating: 5
Text: Our car broke down during our cross country drive from Ohio and we barely made it in to the parking lot. From the moment we walked in at 2:00AM with our 4 kids barely awake, and throughout the day, the staff was amazingly accommodating. Everything from checking in on us after we had checked out and still weren't sure when we would get our car back up until the time we left. 

Thank you so much and it's great to know there are so many caring and helpful people out there.
Rating: 1
Text: Our moving van was broken into and a suitcase with valuables was stolen. There are no security cameras so your car is not safe there. I asked receptionist abt security when I checked in and she assured me our Uhaul truck would be fine, so I parked under a light close to hotel. I didn’t know the suitcase was missing until I got home. I immediately called the hotel and the receptionist’s attitude was “sorry not our problem!” I expected better security from a Hyatt- I will never stay at another Hyatt hotel or any other hotel without security cameras monitoring parking lot.
Rating: 5
Text: Affordable eith very friendly staff. Rooms are mini suites with a wet bar and sleeper sofa. Quiet and clean in a convenient location.
