Hyatt Regency Louisville
Rating: 4
Text: Arrived for a weekend conference late on Friday night to find out that they had overbooked and that they had no rooms left. So they put me across the street at the Marriott for the first night for free (I didn't pay at all for that night) , then I checked into the Hyatt the next afternoon. That night, they delivered a cheese plate to our room as an apology. The room itself was nice, modern looking, and comfortable, and honestly, I liked it better than the Marriott that normally runs at twice the cost.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff at the Hyatt made our group's room transitions seamless. The desk staff was happy to assist me with a few things, even though I wasn't an over-night guest. In a time when customer service and general kindness is often forgotten, it was nice to feel welcomed.
Rating: 4
Text: Guest Services is something to be desired. Hotel itself was in great shape and rooms were amazing. This hotels location is by far it's best benefit. Within walking distance of all the great attraction in downtown Louisville. Literally across the street from Fourth Street Live.
Rating: 5
Text: It was our first time in Louisville, and we're definitely going to stay here again when we come back. The staff was very friendly, even upgraded our room to the top floor with a beautiful view of the city. After exploring Fourth Street Live and the Riverwalk, we came back to the hotel and ordered room service from Sway, the restaurant downstairs. Dinner was fantastic and reasonably priced. No complaints about the room either, everything was modern and very clean. Definitely an awesome place to stay and explore Louisville.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is tastefully done, however, there is a lot of noise pollution in the rooms as a result of the building design (this was experienced by anyone I asked at my conference). The conference food was also a consensus among my colleagues-terrible! The staff is pleasant and the meeting rooms are adequate. The location is really the competitive advantage for this property. Overall, an average experience.
