Hyatt Regency O'Hare
Rating: 3
Text: Booked  a room here for the night, knowing we'd be exhausted after a long drive.  We were really looking forward to checking in and grabbing a quick bite to eat.  Alas, the restaurant on site was closed.  So... got the baby bundled back up... Made the trek in the cold back out into the massive parking lot and went out for dinner.  The rooms were comfortable, but small.  The shuttle to the airport was prompt.
Rating: 5
Text: This location is very close to the Rosemont stop on the blue line, making downtown Chicago very accessible. The large open interior is quite impressive. Despite the fact the doors to every room face the atrium, the rooms were very well designed to be soundproofed. The beds were very comfortable, and the in-room amenities were a step up above average (including a bathrobe and slippers!). All staff from check in, to parking attendants, to room service, and at the restaurant were all very nice and helpful. I would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: Very convenient hotel for traveling out of O'Hare. The location is very easy to navigate to and the hotel offers shuttles 2-4 times/hr (depending on time of day). The interior is impressive and just as unusual as the exterior. I had a room in one of the corner cylinders and, even though it was necessarily a bit odd, the space was well utilized and it had a great view. We contacted the front desk for more towels and a couple of complimentary toiletries and they delivered everything right away to the room. I purchased the Park & Fly package from a third party website so my stay also included 10 days of parking (this can also be booked through the Hyatt website).
Rating: 5
Text: A very easy hotel to get to from the airport. An easy and comfortable shuttle pickup is provided which takes approximately 10 minutes to get to the hotel. The hotel is a little dated, but it is extremely well maintained and appointed. Rooms were spacious with a great large screen television. Bathroom was adequately supplied with shampoo and conditioner etc. The shower was excellent. Very strong water pressure and enough space to shower easily. (Naturally everything was kept perfectly clean) The room rates were very reasonable too.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was small, but nice. We stayed in one of the cylindrical towers. TV was huge. Not sure about the concrete and vines as decorations, but the lobby was very nice. The lobby and bar staff were very nice. Rooms came with a sound machine if you didn't want to hear the planes.
