Hyatt Centric Chicago Magnificent Mile
Rating: 4
Text: The room was spacious and tastefully decorated. The bed was spotless and had 6 pillows and a great duvet, super comfortable. It had all the usual amenities of a Hyatt. The things that stood out for me were the ample outlets including a set on the front of each nightstand for charging devices, motion- activated nightlights under the nightstands that lit to the bathroom, and a detached, lit makeup mirror in the bathroom, so I could sit at the desk in the main room to apply makeup. The negative was the proximity to the hospital; ambulances all the time, but they provided great earplugs, so it wasn't terrible by any means, just somethung to be aware of. Overall, a really good stay in a consistently quality hotel chain.
Rating: 3
Text: It is just like it's site, staff are polite and friendly, good location, nice rooms within a good facility. It gets 3 stars because it is exactly what you would expect if you checked its site and the price. nothing more or less. I'd have no trouble stay here again. I didn't find anything that would make me reduce my rating and didn't encounter any pleasant surprises or exceptional experiences that would make me raise it
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice hotel in a wonderful location. The staff is very attentive. The rooms are great, spacious, and very comfortable. The hotel is close  to a main shopping area, lots of restaurants and walking distance from the pier and also from the Chicago millennium park. I would stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff at this hotel make it a great place to stay!  Debbie at the front desk always brightens my day and makes sure my stay is always wonderful!  It is very clean and has great food in the restaurant.
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel is cool, but with there being so many in the area, I probably wouldn't come again unless nothing else was available. I was given a room, and as soon as I walk through the door, I look to my right and I notice that there was a towel thrown on the vanity in the bathroom area. I'm like ok, this is odd, but I look at the other towels around and they were folded as they should have been, so I'm thinking if this is the only problem I'll keep the room. Then my eyes go to the toilet where there is a big ole wad of tissue. Mind you all of this occurs with me standing in the door way. After I see the tissue, I didn't bother to go any further into the room. I lug my HUGE suitcase back down to the front desk and tell the receptionist, my room is not clean. They show great customer service and give me a free drink and a new room. HOWEVER, when the front desk called to see how the new room was, I was told that the housekeeping manger flat out lied and said she checked my previous room and it was clean. I didn't fully inspect the first room, but a big ass was of tissue in the toilet and a towel on the vanity after sometime washed there hands from using the bathroom is not a fully cleaned hotel room! Down at the restaurant and bar, the service is also spotty. Some of the staff are top notch, others not so good. One young guy virtually ignored everyone while he did inventory.
