Hyatt Regency Lexington
Rating: 2
Text: Recently staying with this Hyatt location I was not impressed at all. After booking a few weeks in advance paying a premium price,  near $400 for 1 nights stay,  I  was expecting something different. The assigned room was not anything requested. The toilet ran all night,  absolutely not a great comfortable bed,  the reason for choosing this location was being close to a college sporting event we had attended. I would think once you basically raped me on the 1 nights stay,  I would be able to get a 2 mile ride one way from your shuttle,  but no!! I  would think after being raped I would be able to get a simple continental breakfast for free,  but no!!! Just so your aware Hyatt,  your much less expensive competition offers at the very least a continental breakfast to they're guest. I'm positive you could care less now that you've got my money!! I travel quite a bit,  but GUARANTEE I WON'T BE BACK!!! THANKS,  keep up your great polices!!
Rating: 1
Text: Extremely dissapointed. Always stay at Hyatt's as service is excellent and beds are comfortable. Traveling for business and not being able to receive a clear room makes your stay unpleasant. My room was dirty (chip crimps on the floor, toilet paper next to the duvet on my bed, sauce jar in the floor, bathroom unclean, dust everywhere). Arriving at 730 pm on a weekday, was told no one was available to clean my room at that time.

Coffee filter was never changed during my stay, I had to dispose of everyday. Food I ordered in the room was never taken away, I had to call so they remove it. I ordered potato chips and were not edible as they look they've been cooked in very old oil.

3 nights in, everyday same experience. Such a shame when Hyatt is always my first option.
Rating: 4
Text: Extremely friendly and kind service. Parking lot is outside.  Staff did comp the parking few. Something to consider if you like covered spaces. Location is great for downtown area and adjacent to Rupp Arena.  Room is modern kept up, clean.  The lobby bar stayed open until 11 pm which seems early for a Saturday night.  Eateries and bars nearby provide options for entertainment. Price of room was reasonable.
Rating: 4
Text: The entire location is very nice looking. Clean, and well maintained. Easily able to accommodate the 400 people attending our conference. Not sure if it was an off day but the meal we had at the location was not good. The potatoes were undercooked and the chicken was dry. The servers also didnt seem like they wanted to be there. I would say that is the only bad experience I had my whole time there.
Rating: 5
Text: The Hyatt is a amazing place!!!! The staff was great, rooms were spacious, and the food at the restaurant was great. Definitely will be coming back very soon.
