Hyatt Regency Lisle near Naperville
Rating: 5
Text: What a great hotel. Centrally located. Nearby restaurants in Naperville. Beds were very comfortable and rooms were updated and clean. Check-in was effortless and checkout was not even needed. Would definitely stay again at this location.
Rating: 3
Text: Front desk and restaurant staff very courteous and pleasant. Chicken tortilla soup in Chartfield restaurant was excellent. Cuisine overall very good. Room good overall, though some of the fit and finish is showing it's age. Bed was very comfortable though. Very slow elevator!!
Rating: 5
Text: I was going to give the hotel a 4-star rating just because it was missing a little "oomph". However, my wife and I couldn't get our car to start after our stay and we were stranded in the hotel parking lot. My wife asked the front desk for help. Their employee Derrick was sent out to help us. He brought the hotel's shuttle bus to give my car a jump. He was running late to his own scheduled event, but he made sure that our car started before we left! Hyatt Regency Lisle, give your employee Derrick some token of gratification for his caring heart!
Rating: 4
Text: Friendly and helpful staff. Clean rooms. Comfortable beds. I had asked the front desk if there was a microwave in the lobby to use and they said they had one, but they could send one up to my room. That was nice. The parking lot is very dark and so is the surrounding front entrance area which made coming in at night not the most comforting. Also, there is a bench to sit outside the front but it's either in the direct sun or in the complete dark behind their shuttle bus. Felt unsafe to sit there in the evening. The breakfast had a lot of options and was pretty tasty. The staff was pretty helpful. Good location near the highway.
Rating: 3
Text: I travel at least once a month for work and try to always stay at a Hyatt. I was happy to find a Hyatt Regency near where I needed to stay. The lobby area was updated and beautiful. However, I am surprised that they are classified as a Regency. The rooms are large, but the bath/shower area were very out dated. The shower curtain was a new ringless curtain, but the old rings were still attached to the rod.... it showed the lack of attention to detail. The parking lot was free and very large. However, it was very dark. Not safe at all for a female alone at night. The last disappointment was the noise from the expressway. They market this hotel as nestled near the vast arboretum. However, you can barely see the arboretum because it is on the other side of a 8 lane expressway. It is easy to get on the expressway, but the traffic noise kept me awake half the night.
