Hyatt Place Chicago/Schaumburg
Rating: 5
Text: Like it so far!  Love that it has a 24 hour bar that serves hot foods. Love the fitness room and indoor heated pool.  Love that they sell Starbucks drinks.
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel is located directly across from the parking lot of Ikea. The staff are friendly enough, but did not go out of there way to be accommodating or respond to concerns. I was a 4 night guest attending a conference at the hotel. The room was dingy and outdated. On the third night, there was a water emergency in the room above mine causing water to be spewing from the light and exhaust fan combo in the bathroom. Of course this was at 11:30pm, I phoned the front desk who said they would send someone up shortly. Well, they sent someone to the room above me, but never came to my room to address the water that was now standing on the floor and soaking the carpeting. Thank goodness the light electrical wasn't exposed. The only working ice machine for this six floor property is located on the first floor if you enjoy a chilled beverage. Ordering from guest services was done in person as I was informed when I called that the menu in the rooms is "Not the right one." The fitness center had nice equipment, but the used towels were not emptied and clean ones were not replenished ever during my 5 day 4 night stay. That means that none of the machines are disinfected either. I was not brave enough to get into the swimming pool, but did note families utilizing it. The complimentary breakfast was pretty standard.
Rating: 5
Text: Picked this place because of the price, and was completely suprised with how nice the hotel and rooms were. Everything was clean and the rooms were a very nice size. Very friendly staff. The free breakfast was not your typical hotel breakfast. It was actually very tasty and satisfying. I work out here once a while and will definitely use this hotel again.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was great. The room I stayed at had 2 full sized beds and it was very spacious. The hotel also has frew breakfast, a pool, places for group meetings or if a group wants to eat together. The staff was nice and friendly.
Rating: 1
Text: Other than the size of the rooms this place is a dump. Mold in bathrooms, floors are nasty, cable tv with a few HD channels.....this is 2017!! rooms smell, free breakfast is not worth eating, and totally understaffed. Really in need of a update and some deep cleaning. We are not picky about where we rest our heads, but this is closer to a roadside motel than a four star hotel. Look around because I'm sure you can find much nicer in this area.
