Hyatt Regency Cleveland at The Arcade
Rating: 1
Text: I picked the hotel for the convenience of being downtown and attached to stores....however they were all vacant.  
The staff was nice.  
However, I was given a handicapped room...and I did not reserve it, I didn't need it.  The hotel was not full so I do not know why I was given that room.
The room was not clean.  As soon as I looked at the bed, it honestly looked like a 3 year old made the bed.  I sat down and the bed felt like it was in pieces.  I had two queens so I sat on the other bed and it was just as bad.  I thought this was a 4 star hotel.  When you are traveling all you want to do is take a shower and lay in a comfy bed.  
I showered in a huge handicapped shower which had water all of the floor when I got out and I could not sleep in a bed that was at least 10 years old.  
I did address the issues and they said they would take note of it....Great   Thanks for helping me out.  
I will not return....nor would I suggest this place for business professionals.
Rating: 3
Text: Beautiful building.  Rooms were nice and clean.  Comfortable.  The cable was not working, so viewing evening TV was a problem.  The early morning attendants at the garage and valet we're slow due to their interest in their cell phones.
Rating: 5
Text: Service and hospitality are incredible. Rooms are large and spacious. Tall ceilings give an opulent feel and comfy beds feel like home. Loved our stay!
Rating: 5
Text: Attended for a friend's wedding ceremony and reception. The space was incredible. The layout was a bit odd, but still nice. The food was delicious. It was a good reason to visit Cleveland.
Rating: 5
Text: My go to, first choice when visiting the city for work or sporting events.  City view and arcade rooms are always fantastic.  The architecture of the arcade makes the Hyatt the most unique in town. Staff is always fantastic and went above and beyond to accommodate my daughter with room service well after closing.  Made her day!  Cleanliness is always top notch (I'm a certified pain in the...on this topic).  Location is walking distance to The Jake, The Q and local restaraunts.
