Hyatt Regency Indianapolis
Rating: 4
Text: Professional rooms were good. Chairs mostly comfortable. Catering was fine. Nothing terribly fancy. Staff was polite and helpful. Rooms were a bit chilly. The lower level feels like it hasn't quite figured out what it is yet. A couple restaurants, a bar, convenience shop, Starbucks. Lots of empty space. 4 stars
Rating: 2
Text: The Hyatt Regency in Indianapolis is breathtaking in the pictures on their site. The rooms appear to be luxourious and the amenities look second to none. My partner and I were so excited to stay there during our trip to Indiana. When we arrived, the parking lot was unmarked an terribly confusing. Not to mention VERY expensive to park for the two nights (for $250 a night you would think parking would be included). I paid $46.00 for the first night alone.

We got to our room and were immediately unimpressed. It was tiny - I could have dealt with that but then we found peeling paint and dust pouring out of every outlet. There was hair in the bathtub too. Normally I am not extremely picky, but the hair and dust at $250 a night felt unacceptable. The concierge graciously gave us a new room and apologized for the issues. Our new room was better upon first glance. It was a little bigger, and the view was amazing! After looking around we found even more peeling and bubbling paint and water stains on the ceiling. There were two water bottles on the counter near by the complimentary coffee pot and condiments. I drank both, only then to read the fine print that the water costs $4.00 per bottle unless you are a Hyatt World rewards member!!! While I take full responsibility for not reading before drinking the water, I find this a little ridiculous when you can get unlimited free water bottles at the front desk. Lastly, the pool in the pictures on the website looks huge and inviting. In real life, the pool is tiny and needs maintenance. 

At check out we were informed that we had free breakfast. No one told us this when we arrived! By the time we left, breakfast was over. I paid an additional $36.00 for parking. Then, we didn't leave quickly enough  (you have 15 minutes to exit the parking lot after paying) so I got charged another $7.00 for the 2 additional minutes it took me to get my three year old in the car!

We will not be staying at the Hyatt again when we return to Indianapolis. The staff was friendly, and the lobby was beautiful, however, it is not at all worth the price we paid.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location in downtown Indianapolis. Great staff throughout the weekend. The atrium was wide open and really cool aspect.
Rating: 5
Text: Room was very clean. Front desk service was very friendly and helpful with all questions. Valet parking is awesome if your willing to spend 45 a night
Rating: 4
Text: Great hotel. Perfect location for all downtown events. Clean and modern rooms. Pleasant staff. My first choice in hotels in Indianapolis
