Hyatt Place Indianapolis/Keystone
Rating: 5
Text: We spent the weekend here after all of the West Lafayette hotels were either booked or jacked up their rates for Purdue parents weekend. 

This hotel is clean, beds are comfy, breakfast is good, but what makes this hotel special is the people. We were greeted by everyone no matter their position. Everyone says hello. It is refreshing to be around friendly staff. I? want to especially give kudos to Josh and Gabe. They work nights and sat and talked with them while they took care of the bar that is open to midnight. They both go above and beyond to make sure everyone has what they need. 

Overall, it was a great experience here. The price is right and the people are friendly. We will be back!
Rating: 4
Text: Very friendly and service oriented staff. Always asking if there was anything we needed. Great location. Rooms were clean and good size. Easy enough room for 2 adults and a messy teenage girl soccer player! Only negative seems to be the norm at a lot of hotels. Breakfast. All at one moment the breakfast bar was out of cups, forks, refill time of the eggs was loong and had oatmeal that had a ladle for serving with the ladle not about to let go. Coffee very strong and scalding hot. Cold water and creamer and good to go.
Rating: 4
Text: Good hotel. The rooms are clean and it has a fantastic location if you want to explore the downtown area. 

We ran in to a problem though as there so happened to be 2 conferences going on that weekend, and they were staying at this Hyatt as well. For the 499 hotel rooms there are, there are only 4 elevators, so we always had to wait a while to get an elevator.

Otherwise, good stay. Would recommend!
Rating: 5
Text: Very conveniently located on the northeast side of Indianapolis near Carmel and Castleton. Just off the highway 465 and very easy to get to. Rooms are spacious and seem updated compared to when I last stayed here 2 years ago. If I had to guess what was updated, I would guess the lobby area and public area carpets, room carpets, and room sectional sleeper sofa. But I may be wrong. The bathroom has a walk-in shower. My room's shower head was horrendous, and I couldn't find a setting to my liking. I enjoy the spaciousness of the rooms here. I think, with the two double bed configuration, the room could hold up to 6 people (albeit, cramped), but it could. Free breakfast daily was good. I liked the fact that I could order from the gallery menu if I felt a craving late at night. Everyone here is nice and polite. Not out-of-their-way polite. But nice, and just as I had expected. I have stayed here on at least 6 occasions, and I choose this hotel for what I stated above, but also the convenience to the highway, and neighboring restaurants and shopping. I will definitely stay here again on a future visit to Indy.
Rating: 4
Text: One of the better breakfasts you'll find in a inexpensive Hotel. A great location next to a lot of shopping and dining. Modern rooms that are comfortable. And a great staff!
