Hyatt Place Louisville-East
Rating: 5
Text: This past Saturday I stayed at the Hyatt Place in Louisville.  I stayed at a Hyatt Place once before and I remember it being a pleasant stay, so I expected the same.  I was not disappointed.  I had a quick and efficient check in, which to me, can make or break a hotel stay.  I can't stand when you have to wait 20-30 minutes just to get to the counter and when you do, they can't find your reservation, or they have to type a novel before you get your key.  The front desk girl, Maglory (I remember because her name was so unique) couldn't have been more pleasant and couldn't have been more efficient.  Once I got to my room, it was exactly as I remembered... room with a separate seating area which make it feel more like a home than a sterile hotel, super comfy bed.  Everything looked super clean and fully stocked... I didn't need to call down for fresh towels or anything, which is also great.  This location offered a pretty nice breakfast, free of charge... not the "continental breakfast" of some lesser hotel chains.  It also has a heated outdoor pool which I would have loved to take advantage of if I had prepared better and brought a suit.. just not something I usually think about when it's 20 degrees outside.  The parking lot looks small, but I didn't have any problem finding close parking even on a Saturday.  There are also several food options nearby, for fast food and sit down dining which makes the location ideal, and it's conveniently located just a quick jump from the highway.  Most importantly to me, though, it was SO QUIET!!!  Which is just amazing.  My second biggest pet peeve at most chain hotels is for some reason, there are usually 200 children screaming up and down the hallways at all hours of the night but it was as quiet as a library from the moment I arrived until the moment I left.  As a frequent business traveler my sleep is important, and this place definitely delivered.  You won't be disappointed.  Best hotel for the price you will find, I guarantee that.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean, affordable, modern and comfortable. That sums up what me and my wife think about our stay. I recommend you give them a nights stay and see what ya think. We believe you'll like it just as much. Breakfast could have had more options, but for what was served it was tasty and Starbucks is a nice touch.
Rating: 3
Text: It was not really how it appears online. It was fine for what we needed... we liked the outdoor pool, but I felt for the price, maybe it should've been a little nicer. Otherwise, it was comfortable for our 1 night stay. I wouldn't stay here for multiple nights... oh, and they are pet friendly!
Rating: 5
Text: From Ignite Hospitality Services, thank you to Hyatt Place Louisville-East for having Comedian David Liebhart. The complimentary breakfast paired with the comfy beds made it easy to unwind while traveling. The outdoor pool was clean and heated. Very professional and accommodating staff.
Rating: 5
Text: Anytime I am away from home I look for a Hyatt.  This location was mildly inconvient for me but overall easy to get to and easy to find.  Rooms were a lot warmer than I wanted but cooled down after cranking the AC.  Breakfast was always a delight.  Choice of a hot meal or fruit and cereal.  Room service available 24/7 and a bar located in the lobby with snacks and drinks.
