I-75 Camper Village
Rating: 5
Text: Great campground close to ARK Encounter-nice sites-some not very level but sites have individual trashcans-piles of wood at sites for campfire. Beautiful area! A rustic look/feel but with all the modern conveniences. The best thing, for our family, traveling with our 90 yr old mother, she is very particular about the type of shower she will use ( a hand held shower nozzle ), low and behold the shower room had one that she was comfortable using!! And she really appreciated that the bathrooms were so warm on a cold night. Highly recommended-would definitely return-though maybe not in the winter as there is a very steep road in/out of campground-I wouldn't be comfortable on if it was icy.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice people running this camper village. We showed up very late and they were willing to stay up and accommodate our needs. They even offered to help us get set up.
Rating: 1
Text: Pros : Close to Ark Encounter (about 15 minutes).  The spot we got is close to the laundry and bathroom. Getting in and and out, you don't need to do some backing even using a big RV.
Cons : Ron and Carol runs the place. But here's what turns me off and I  want to give you advise when you book:
I called and spoke with Ron. We booked for 4 nights and about A WEEK before the trip we realize we only need 3 nights. So I called and Carol answered the phone. I told her that we will not make it on the first night. So I want to change the booking to just 3 nights. Please note we didn't cancel our stay. I clearly asked Carol if its OK we will change it to 3 nights and not pay 4 nights. I understood she noted my message and would inform Ron.. However, when we arrived, Ron billed us for 4 nights! I told him I called in advance for the change and said if I could speak with Carol. Ron replied that they don't accept cancellations. But the thing is we did not cancel and I called in advance. He said he was not informed by Carol. I didn't bother to argue because Ron has an intimidating character. I left upset by his attitude. I checked their website and it only mentions of cancellations. Also in our case, we called in advance. I guess they just don't care. Well next time visiting the Ark, me and my friends wont be coming back and I-75 Camper Village wont get our recommendations.
That is why I advise you guys if you still decide to use their campground had have date changes, make sure to speak with Ron and NOT Carol. He seems to have the last say. Don't rely on Carol and leave her your message. Ask for Ron or else you'll be sorry. On top of that make sure you record your conversation with Ron for he might have different words when you get there.
Besides, their restroom/bath is infested with cockroaches! 
Also, when it rains, the sewer hookup is under water! be sure to call them ask to pump the water out. Don't do it yourself.
Lastly, the road leading to and out the camp is so narrow. It appears they've been in business for decades and yet they don't mind working with local government to widen the road.
Rating: 4
Text: Very "country"...not sure city folks would like. Being from the country however it doesn't bother me.  Definitely not "upscale".
Rating: 3
Text: We got nice space site2 for our visit lot of noise from hwy near by clean park next time will look for new campground to stay  site 1-5 nice others well you judge ?? Not far from ark why we visited for our stay
