Illiniwek Campground
Rating: 4
Text: One of the best kept secrets Hampton campground has! This campground has much to offer especially the view of the Mississippi River with an amazing sunset view. It's quiet and peaceful well kept campground. Loved the sunflower backdrop, although the train tracks were behind our RV; there was only one seen late in the morning. Offers great scenic trails where we  road our bikes and or walked them. It's centrally located with easy access to other sights and or city. We were greeted with great friendly staff with knowledgeable nearby attractions. I Plan to come back again!!
Rating: 4
Text: I love hiking here as it is near home and has nicely maintained trails which are good for kids.  You do share the trails with bicycles however.   The view from the overlook is nice and not a very far hike.  I visit the overlook every time.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice county park right on the Mississippi.  Lots of shade.  The back in campsites are large and clean.  The only thing missing that would make it 5 stars for us are sewer connection, but they do have an easily accessible dump station.  Tent sites are also available.
Rating: 5
Text: The Illiniwek Campground Park is a treasure! This county owned property lies directly on the Mississippi River. Both the view and setting here are absolutely stunning. 

They offer 25 primitive tent camping spaces and 60 spaces for motorized and non-motorized RVs-pop ups, travel trailers, fifth wheels, motor homes etc.-with water and electric hook-ups. A dump station is available also. 

The camping season generally runs April through October. They do not take online or telephone reservations. Either show up with your RV to see if they have space available or drive over to check. If you don’t have your RV with you, you can pay for your site and they’ll put a cone on it until you return that day with your rig. 

The park office is open daily. They sell ice and firewood. A camp host is also available during peak season. 

This 174 acre forest preserve also has hiking and biking trails, a picnic shelter available by reservation, a playground, and a boat ramp to launch your boat into the Mississippi River. You can also fish here.

There’s bathrooms and showers in the park too.

This is a clean and beautifully scenic park/preserve. I enjoyed watching black squirrels perched on the boulders in a section of the preserve by the river. 

The park is easy to get to off of nearby I-80 and there are plenty of stores, restaurants, and bars in the area. It is super convenient to get to just about anything the Quad Cities offer from here including casinos!

Whether you come alone, with your special someone, or with your family or group, having an enjoyable time at this park is a sure thing!
Rating: 5
Text: Fun camping experience. Friendly people. Family friendly
