Indianapolis KOA Holiday
Rating: 1
Text: If you have ever been to a Campground then you will know that this is not that great of an example of one. This place is a piece of farmland that was inherited by one of the kids and, not suitable for farming given its low land status, turned into a Campground with a KOA franchise licence. I would like to sympathize with the family that owns the place but given the father's uncompromising attitude and toolbox personality I have to list mainly negatives. The rest of the clan that run the place are friendly enough but you have the sense that when interacting with them they are in constant fear of his intervention. 
 The amenities : The pool , great if you are 2 ft. in height or have toddlers., Restrooms/ Showers , only 1 small building adjoining office. There is no other facilities throughout property. This would not be too bad an inconvenience if weary travelers who given spots across the small stream on the outer limits of property could use their golf carts to make the great distance to the facilities.  Oh yeah, in the exhaustive Campground guidelines handed to you after they accept lot payment (and nowhere on their website) it states that no carts, no carpets, 4 mile an hour speed limit with threats of calling local police and much more negative verbiage to be interpreted as though they are doing you a real favor as to let you stay there. OK now the real crime. It floods !!!! Not just puddles here and there but the kind of flooding that would prevent this piece of land in the middle of acres and acres of farms from being another acre of farms go figure. If you want to park your rig for the night and catch some shut eye there is a gas station across the street that will let you park for the night.
Rating: 4
Text: Easy access off the highway. Regular pull through spots are very close together.  Back in spots appeared to have more space. Full hookups looked easy to access.  Office does close at 8 but they just leave your spot noted on a map on a wall just outside. Has a very nice pool for the kids.  
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing staff!  We blew a tire on the interstate, on a Sunday and were guided here by a nice local man where some folks here changed  our camper tire and and didn't ask for anything in return. Then they let our kids play in the splash park pool before we went on our way. Top notch service and attitude. Thanks for the positive vibes!
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice park, RV sites are large, most are shady, with fire pits and picnic tables, some with grills and porch swings. Daily trash pick-up at your site. Large grassy dog park. Friendly staff. Easy access to amenities and shopping.
Rating: 5
Text: This campground is a gem. It has wide, well kept and nicely configured sites. For as close as it is to Indy (not even 10 Miles from I-465) it is quiet and feels like we are out in the country. The people working here are very helpful and welcoming. The pool is amazing.
