Indianapolis Marriott Downtown
Rating: 3
Text: Great view from 19th floor overlooking City lights. Need to add mini refrigerator and microwave to the room though.  Room is fairly bare bones at a $260 per night price tag. Room phone not working. Called front desk by cell phone to ask for someone to check it out. Was led to believe someone would be right up. As hour later still no one showed up. Decided to forget it. Parking $40 per night to self park and $45 per night for valet parking. This is definitely not for the economy minded.
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms and items in the rooms were very modern. Despite being busy, it was perhaps the most quiet hotel I've ever experienced. The staff were all friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay there again.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice, recently renovated rooms. Out of the few Marriott's I've stayed at in the last few months, this was easily the best. The staff was very friendly and went above and beyond expectations. Hotel was within easy walking distance of restaurants and the stadium, and a super convenient stay for the Indy Monumental Marathon. The only real negative I had with my stay is that the pillows weren't that great, but this seems to be a thing across Marriotts.
Rating: 5
Text: I can't get over how nice the people of Indianapolis are! I dropped my phone with my id and credit card, and the front desk people were extremely friendly and helpful, letting me borrow their computer to show them my itinerary and went outside to help me find my phone. Turns out, a local taxi driver had found it, and he called me over to give it to me. Such an adventure, and I'm extremely grateful!
Rating: 4
Text: The location is minutes from all the popular downtown restaurants and other popular places. The hotel has recently been renovated and the look is beautiful. The bed is so soft and comfortable it was very hard to get up to go the functions we had planned for the days we stayed. The hotel staff were very nice, friendly and well to help with anything we need. I am very pleased with my stay and will come back.
