Indian Lakes RV Campground
Rating: 1
Text: Run down dump! Indian lakes used to be awesome 25 years ago. Now it's permacamper hell. All the good sites are taken by permanent residents. The roads and facilities are totally trashed. There are hundreds of golf carts driving at all hours of the day and night. It was a dusty mess. My truck and camper needed detailed after 2 days. They looked like powdered donuts....don't waste your time here.
Rating: 1
Text: We made reservations for 3 nights online through Thousand Trails for Labor Day Weekend.  Per the website, a reservation guarantees a site.  That makes sense - isn't that the point of a reservation?  We traveled over two hours and upon arriving were told there were no available sites and it was "first come first serve".  Another guy there was in the same situation.  This was our first experience with Thousand Trails and Indian Lakes and it will be our last.  We traveled over two hours back home with the kids and dogs since all other campgrounds were booked for the weekend.
Rating: 1
Text: So my boyfriend made a reservation to stay at this place weeks prior to our visit. They call him FOUR days before we are supposed to arrive to let him know that we can't come for just one night, that we have to stay at least two nights because they have to pay the housekeeping (or some ridiculous excuse along these lines). I went straight to their website to look at their policy and NO WHERE does it say that visitors have to stay more than one night. They told him that he has to pay $200 and we have to stay the full two nights in order for us to come..AFTER their own website LET him make the reservation. So now he is going to lose the deposit that he put down because of THEIR wrong doings. And to get a call only four days before we are suppose to arrive is RIDICULOUS!! I've been in customer service for over ten years and I've never witnessed such horrible service from a business...ever!! After reading all the bad reviews we were STILL going to try and give this place a chance....boy was we wrong!!! I'm surprised this place is still open and after being treated the way we were, I'm sure it wont be open much longer. I'm in total disbelief at the way they handled the "situation". I'll tell everyone I know to NEVER visit this place, what a joke!!
Rating: 5
Text: Large campground wow larger than I thought it was clean place lots to visit - walk - drive - golf cart - fish  enjoy our stay for 14 day will come back when back in area
Rating: 4
Text: We have been members for over 30 year and it hasn't changed much in that time frame. The only thing that has changed is management and the price you pay for on site keeps going up an up an up.
The repairs to the campground roads never get done and very seldom any inprovements made.
