Indiana Beach Boardwalk Resort
Rating: 5
Text: Apex is doing a wonderful job fixing up the park. More than just paint and cleaning. Rides are being properly maintained, shops are well stocked, great food selection and some awesome staff are making Indiana Beach what it should have been years ago.
Rating: 1
Text: I have to say I am super disappointed at the work efficiency of the staff at Indiana Beach. I booked the day pass tickets and meal vouchers for a group of 23 people just a couple of days before Labor Day, but on Labor Day, 5 of the 23 people could not make the trip. Indiana Beach could not issue a new balance (which would have been as easy math as 18 people's admission fees + 18 people's meal vouchers - $100 deposit), which was very much to our surprise, in this high-tech era. The staff at the group sales window still charged me the balance assuming that all 23 showed up. They directed me to talk to Shana (not 100% sure about the spelling of her name though) at the Customer Relations office, which I did. I was told by the group sales staff at the South entrance and reaffirmed by Shana herself that I would receive a check with the amount equal to the 5 absentees' day pass tickets and meal vouchers. It has been three weeks since my group's visit to the park, but I have not received any mail from Indiana Beach with the check they promised. I also contacted them using their online form and left them voice mails on their phone, but all to no avail. I need my refund of $170.8!
Rating: 5
Text: We got the season pass for this year and next for $40!!! We went 4 times this summer!!! Food is great, beach is great, lodging is great!!! Some rides were down at times but the employees were quick to get them back up and running after a much needed break they deserved to have... The rides were very clean and fun, we had a blast at the splash pad/water park... We ate some cheese fried and mozz sticks and they were fantastic, we then tried the tacos and they were AMAZING!! We will return next summer for sure!!
Rating: 5
Text: We love Indiana Beach. It is a nice little getaway that we can just got at any time for all day or just a few hours. We have season passes and live about 45 minutes away so it works for us. There are plenty of rides, nowhere near what a big amusment park has but still good. Very nice little kid section.
Rating: 4
Text: Some staff is rude and acts like they don't want to be there or don't know how to operate the ride correctly. One ride I was going on the employee was asleep. Was told most employees work 13 hour days but still that's my safety. Very small park over all you can ride all rides and some multiple times in a day which if your a season pass holder gets boring cause there's no thrill anymore. The new owners are upgrading and trying to make it a better place but for $40 a season it's a good place compared to the prices of other theme parks. The views with the lake is very pretty. 
