Inn at Mt. Sterling
Rating: 5
Text: Nice place to stay. Great staff.
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms are clean and spacious. Location there is a cracker barrel within walking distance from hotel. They have good breakfast for the guests.
Rating: 1
Text: As soon as we pulled up I knew there would be issues. 
No lighting. Drywall and paint buckets out front. 

The lobby was completely gutted.  My first thought was we had booked another hotel,  but alas,  it was the one. 

The construction dust and smells immediately started getting to my sinuses,  but I thought the room might be better. 
No. 
I called to get another floor but the entire first and third floors were closed for construction. 

I think the clerk the situation was not acceptable and she said I would not be charged.  We walked across to the Ramada,  which was ok. 

I am still irritated that nothing was posted on line about the major construction and it seemed the price was not much reduced.  The topper was the clerks statement that there would not be any inconvenience from the construction. 

Please! 
Rating: 1
Text: We booked the room, arrived, and they told us they see our reservation, but the room we were promised was not clean. After about 10 minutes, the woman told us we could either take a one bed room (not happening since we have 2 kids too) or wait for a half hour while they clean one. It was late, but we decided to wait. Right after, they told us that they do have another room available, but did not think to offer it to us. It was a double queen, so we took it. In the room, I could smell something strange but was unsure what it was. It was late, so we went to bed. I got up to turn the air on and this horrid, musty smell came from the air unit so I quickly shut it off. In the morning, I woke up with a stuffy nose and a terrible headache. My daughter had similar issues, and coughing. I opened the curtains to find that there was blackish mold all around the windows and ceiling. I see the curtain rods were coming out of the ceiling because it was completely saturated. After looking, the air unit was all moldy. I took pictures. The man at the front desk asked what room I was in. I told him 204 and he said that side of the hotel, including the rooms above and below that one should not have been used because of major leaks. The women the night before had to have known that room was in such condition and were just being too lazy so late to clean us another room. Horrible what horrid conditions me and my children (one with severe allergies and asthma) were knowingly allowed to sleep in.
Rating: 5
Text: Just had a great stay here. Rates are reasonable,  continental breakfast with hot food available. Spacious rooms, cleanliness was on point! Thanks staff at inn of Mt sterling. . Shout out to,  Tara, and Rainey, and Cissy!
