Inn at Grand Glaize
Rating: 5
Text: Thus is one of the best well kept hotels I've ever been to. I'm here just about every other and have come to enjoy and love this hotel. One of my favorite things about this place is how much there actually is to do here. There's a hot tub , an exercise room, and even an game room. On top of that the staff customer service is exceptional. Chris the doorman is my favorite
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly and helpful staff.   The views of the lake are great.   I would stay here again.   The game room was a little dated.   Overall it was a good place for a quick weekend getaway.
Rating: 5
Text: After reading the reviews of other people that stayed at the Grand Glaize Inn. I was pretty scared to stay there to say the least. Once I got there and was able to check into my room early, I have to say the room was very nice and cleaned.  The bathroom was nice and clean. My over all impression was that this was a great hotel to stay in. I slept like a baby. The meeting rooms were nice and so was the food.
Rating: 1
Text: First let me say the employees at this hotel were great.  They couldn't of been any nicer.  With that said, this is probably the nastiest hotel I have ever stayed at.  The room smelled like cat urine.  The first night we arrived the door was open and we were told it was being "aired out".  There were only 3 pillows on the bed (we were told that's all they had left), the sheets literally had stains on them (when we complained of that we were told that they didn't have any more clean.  The hot water is hit and miss so if you value hot showers this is not the place.  The lounge which is off of the lobby is filled with smoke (they allow indoor smoking in both the lounge and the rooms).  Not one day I  was there was the shower cleaned or the floor vacuumed.  i could go on and on about this place but I can sum it up with its very dated, run down, and disgusting.  Oh, we also found ants in our bed the 2nd night.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff were all really nice and accommodating. We had a room with no lake view, which felt like a basement bedroom. Although the facilities are dated, our room was clean. Would stay there again, it's decent for the price and we're never in our room for long when we're at the lake anyway. We did have a plumbing issue with a toilet that didn't want to flush on the first try; hopefully they'll get that fixed. 

The guys at the marina below were very helpful. If you're taking your boat to the lake, do NOT try their launch ramp. The desk clerk told us "it's a little steep"...more like a 75 degree angle that would have pulled our truck into the lake!  The state park is the place to launch your boat.
