Innkeeper Motel
Rating: 5
Text: The room was super clean and convenient for my needs (just a quick stop over while driving). I was able to get a room on the first floor in the front so I could park right outside my room and was able to easily cart my needed items in and out and also keep an eye on my luggage loaded car. The only negative I encountered was the gruff check in clerk (owner I believe) and a super strong odor of ethnic food in the check in area. However, I was only in that area maybe 4 minutes so it wasn't enough in my opinion to really effect the stars. Especially based on the great rate I was able to get through Expedia for a Friday night.
Rating: 5
Text: This place isn't for everyone.  Its no frills and wasn't perfect in every way.  I give 5 stars because for the money...it was a very good deal.  Rooms were reasonably well maintained.  Beds were clean.  Showers worked fine.  Had no trouble checking in and out.  Didn't feel scammed in any way.  I'd go there again.
Rating: 1
Text: I work nights and weeks prior to the date I made reservation to stay and sleep during the day. I booked through travelocity. And I even called there to ask would it be fine if I checked in sure that morning 8 am and slepts and left at 5-6 pm.  I was told no problem sure took my name in the office, and my stuff was booked and reserved online. Well I worked the night shift and headed to the innkeeper inn to sleep because I worked another shift that night. I live 50 miles away. That is why I wanted to just stay at a motel. A cheap place and not be tired and drive home to sleep. Then drive back to work again.. I feel I did my part in making the reservation. And calling before hand. Well I was told they had no rooms.. The paring lot was empty! They man showed me 2 keys and said I had to come back at 11..am  seriously! I was tired and just wanted my room I reserved.. The man was arguing with me telling me come back he had no rooms I said why not I made reservation. You can't make reservations for people and not give them a room. I RESERVED WITH A CREDIT CARD ALSO..  So I better not be billed for it.. I drove home to sleep. And now I have to drive back. There to work.. The people who own this are not from the USA  so u guess they think they can do what ever they want. I'm not sure but I will advise no one to go there!
Rating: 2
Text: It's clean but not under the bed , spoon , cub, dust, hair, my room is on the first floor and have about 1.5" gap under between the door and frame. So I have big spider come to visit us and my cat caught it. All the towels is very old ripping and holes. I don't worried about that because I always bring my own. Microwave and refrigerator in room is convenient next to restaurant and across hwy McDonald's and sub. Over all is ok with the price.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome Motel very friendly staff room was clean and well-kept there's a microwave and mini fridge and a flat screen TV in the room convenient to a big Love's truck stop with plenty of food and convenience store options restaurant next door
