InterContinental Kansas City At The Plaza
Rating: 3
Text: For the pricey nightly rate I expected the rooms to be in better condition. Bathroom door locked me in. Room was equipped with two bath towels and not one hand towel. I had to ask house keeping for towels and wash clothes and hand towels. Not one bottle of water was there for me. I had to ask housekeeping to leave me 2 bottles of water next time room was cleaned and they did. When I ran the tap water to make coffee, water ran brown. So no coffee for me. The sink had a pretty steady drip, hot water wouldn't stop flowing. Cant image what that drip is costing per month. But the hotel is beautiful and the staff is nice.
Rating: 5
Text: A beautiful hotel with a nice pool, great views of the Plaza, a nice large open bar with a fireplace and music (live music and Jazz many times).  It is always clean, bright and service is excellent.  They have valet parking and self parking in the garage.  There is a business center and nice dining area for breakfast, lunch and dinner with indoor and outdoor seating.  I have only stayed at the hotel once but have been many times to meet for breakfast, dinner or drinks.
Rating: 5
Text: Love, love, LOVE the view!!!! This was without a doubt one of my top 5 favorite hotel stays. 
My husband, our small children, and I stayed here while visiting family and were concerned at first because of the construction that was going on that we'd be less than satisfied with the experience. (We booked online and were not warned about the work being done) To our delight, though, we were ever so wrong. 
The double room had extra plush beds, an amazing view, and lots of walking space which made it extremely comfortable. And even though they were in the middle of remodeling the hotel, it still felt really inviting. 
The staff members were so friendly and helpful. They offered complimentary breakfast but we but we passed on it. We did, however, order the wings from the room service menu, which were really good. Then later that evening, my husband and I enjoyed complimentary drinks in the lounge then took a walk through the Country Club Plaza to one of the nearby restaurants for dessert - the perfect ending to any long day.
Rating: 4
Text: What you would expect from a five star hotel. Very nice, friendly, super clean and in a very area. Lot of parking in garage.
I stayed here while catching a Texas Ranger away game. It so happened they stayed there too! It was a nice surprise.
Rating: 5
Text: Attended a wedding reception and brunch at this hotel. Very nice facilities with a great view. Service was outstanding and felt very upscale. Didn't stay in a room, so can't speak to anything about the overnight experience.
