InTown Suites
Rating: 2
Text: To start the rooms smell. The bathrooms are nasty both the sink drain and tub drain were caked in lime. The walls in bathroom were plastic like and had dirty flakes all over it. The floors were very dirty after being mopped. (see the pictures of me after cleaning the floor with cleaner and paper towels). I saw the mopped used by cleaning crew. It was a grey ragged looking mop that was prob 10 years old. The sheets have stains on them. The comforter had two holes on it. The couch also had a hole in it. Also had to unplug TV every night before bed. If i simply turned it off about 30 mins later it would make an awful static noise or such. Also had to unplug in room phone as it has a bright red blinking light for volume. And the walk ways and stair ways were wicked nasty. The stair way by me had an awful i would have to say pee stain. It smelled like pee and had white mold or fungus in corner and all walk ways were just nasty looking and filled with cans and cigarette butts. Two nights people fighting and yelling "i'm going to call cops" and such. One night i think i got solicited. Women came up to me with boobs almost hanging out asked me for a cigarette. Stood a little close. Told me office had got on here a couple times for soliciting. Smile at me for a minute and walked on. Any how could go on. But yeah. The staff was nice and response.
Rating: 1
Text: Well when I first got here and the maintenance guy called himself Ron... and the first thing he asked me for is if I knew where to score some crack (dope) drugs and pills said he would pay me to get him some and asked that I didn't tell the front office... I didn't appreciate that at all and the second day I was here I needed help with the remote and he can to my room he then asked me did I have some pills or tabs.... I wish this guy would stop asking me for drugs and just do his job.. It's not professional and looks very bad on the business here... my neighbor has spoken about it and she said he is always trying to by crack Cocain off of people don't look look it the type but he sure is a crack head.... She also told me he is always pushing up on the woman that stay here alone I don't think that's right at all and wish someone would do something about it
Rating: 3
Text: Needs a good pressure washing job and don't like all the spiders along the steps and railing 
Rating: 4
Text: Comfy and friendly. Too expensive.
Rating: 1
Text: Nice people's but the place was dirty I pay 316.00 and some change that sucks 
