Iris Garden Downtown Cottages & Suites
Rating: 4
Text: Very good price friendy owenrs very helpful and very close to town the price is right
Rating: 1
Text: We were called at 11 and told that we were not able to get the pet-friendly room that we had reserved and spoke with the wife this is a family-owned business first of all so obviously the customer is never going to be right or money had to be refunded I spoke with the husband he told me could even find our reservation that we were even supposed to be there these are very incompetent people the wife should not even be allowed to answer the phone take a reservation or speak with a customer do not stay at this hotel very unreputableAnd there was also a $15 a night for 8 year old child fee that was waived that they won't admit they can't even find the reservation with our name this is a very sad business do not stay here you will not be happy
Rating: 1
Text: This was in the "girl friends get-away" (July 10-12, 2015)
Not as advertised. Multiple problems:
Bathroom sink stopped up
Broken room divider (doesn’t stay in track due to faulty pin)
TV did not work at all
Air Conditioning not working
Broken recliner 
Wi-Fi password in a VERY obscure location and not found until Sunday morning when we were packing to leave
Brackets but no blinds on the window in family room.  Lots of heat from sun!
Stove not working well, only seemed to have HIGH and SO LOW it was off.
Refrigerator not cooling adequately
No Ice trays
Doors don't open fully (need to be undercut)
Blinds in small bedroom were inadequate for the size of the window
Need a flexible shower head in master bath. It’s so low, and fixed, downward trajectory forced you to crouch beneath it.
Air hockey table would have been a nice touch, but no pucks.
Clock radio….radio only functions when “on”.  Clock non-functional.
Found a portable AC unit, but no outlet installed for exhaust.

We informed the managers/owners regarding aforementioned via email (they were not present at the time of our stay)...but have not heard back from them. 
Rating: 5
Text: My best friend and I stayed for 3 nights and really enjoyed every moment. The cottages feel like home away from home and the owners are simply wonderful hosts!! Conveniently located right in the heart of town, too. I'd stay again in a heartbeat!!
Rating: 5
Text: We have been going here every year during the fall. Something we look forward to every year. The owners of this property treat you like family.
Cabins are comfortable,  the shopping and dining is the best.
For sure also try the horse and buggy.

