Islander Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Everything was perfect.Our room was fun and festive! The employees really made you feel at home and confident everything was taken care of. the hotel is in a perfect location and you can walk anywhere on the main street or you could rent a golf cart if you want to explore a little off of the beaten path. The pools are beautiful and well kept! LOVED this place!
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed for two nights and had a blast.  Great location and the staff was very friendly.  The rooms were clean and totally worked out great for our family.  We had 5 rooms right next to each other and each family had plenty of space. We hung out one night at the tables by the pool area and played cards and had a few drinks.  Great time and will be back next year and will always stay at this hotel!
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed here for one night over Labor Day Weekend 2017. This hotel is disgusting.....the room smelled very musty and there was so much dirt on the phone we didn't even want to use it. The room was definitely cleaned in a hurry. There was always a smell of Indian type food lingering around.  The girls running the front desk barely speak English as well as their "maintenance" people. We first noticed that our toilet rocked when you used it,   called front desk, they sent a teenage kid to "fix" it with his rubber mallet and hammer. We basically told him never mind after he said he would have to have someone else come...tomorrow.  The price they charge for these rooms is NOT worth the money, especially when they charge double for busy weekends. STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: A bit pricey for what you get. Room was comfortable. Great location and close to bars and restaurants. We got there a few hours before we were able to check in but they allowed us to store our luggage for us so we could explore the island. Swim up bar was great fun! Met some awesome people and plan to go back next year.
Rating: 3
Text: Front desk staff was friendly. Location is great, very centrally located. Since it was late season, the pools had just closed, but this wasn't mentioned until after booking. It also seemed like housekeeping was lacking, which again is understandable for the time of year, but I felt the rates for the room should have reflected this. Overall, I'd still go back.
