Ivy Rose Motor Inn
Rating: 1
Text: The rooms not clean, carpet disgusting, I felt dirty, bathtub was awful. 
The pool was "being renovated " but there was no sign it was, just a disgusting old pool.

It was dated, but if the rooms were clean, it wouldn't be bad.  Mattress on bed was uncomfortable, I could feel springs. 

I would never, never recommend it to anyone, nor would I ever stay there again!
Rating: 2
Text: In serious need of a renovation. Top comforter very Stained. Did not want to know by what. Bed was ok. Small tv for the room. Plugged in several items and blew circuit breaker. There are ones that live year around in some of the rooms. Found out it was just taken over by new owners so hopefully changes Will be made.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay for ONE night only if you have no expectations and need to sleep. The inn is very dated, however its clean and gets the job done. WiFi is pretty decent.
Rating: 1
Text: To begin with, I booked online through Travelocity. When the hotel ran my credit card it didn't go through however they never tried to contact me to let me know, it was merely  because my bank did not know they were running my credit card in Canada. Problem could've been solved instead of me showing up and not having a reservation. They did find me a room so there was no problem there.  The carpet in the room looked like it hadn't been cleaned in an entire year, there was mold in areas in the bathroom, half of the outlets in the room did not work, there was a mentally disturbed woman two doors down from me it made it very uncomfortable for me to even step out of my room for a few minutes to sit outside  without her yapping in my ear! The Wi-Fi was useless because the bandwidth was so small you couldn't even get signal. He the towels  were thin and chintzy and call mama peeling paint from the ceilings and overall dirty looking rooms. A member of my group had stayed there before when the previous owners had it and said it was much better place to stay them… It has gone downhill significantly. I will never stay here again! It may be  inexpensive but that also brings in the lesser appealing neighbors that will be staying around you like crazy ladies who like to talk your ear off! Oh yes and the amenity of there being the pool?! The pool is empty and in disrepair, there is no pool amenity!!
Rating: 3
Text: This is a fine place to stay for a cheap and mostly clean night. I wouldn't bring my wife here for an anniversary or anything but for work and a guys night it's good. It's mostly just dated. 
