J & L Mobile Home Park & Sales
Rating: 2
Text: We rented here for a year. Don't get me wrong, for the price you get a lot of square footage. Unfortunately the trouble is when you need something fixed. Only about half of our windows ever had screens, which meant we could only open a few of them on nice days. The bottom step of our porch was broken when we moved in, still broken when we moved out. The pipes froze twice during the winter, the second time was the day of our wedding, which meant I could not shower there and had to use one at the hotel, and it took 3 days to get the guys out there with heat lamps to thaw them. Our master bathroom had a leak somewhere near the wall that ended up soaking the floor and up into the drywall (didn't notice it because it was under the bed, until it seeped out to the walking space), which resulted in soggy walls and copious black mold. Our carpet was growing fungus in the closet before it got fixed, even with 2 fans going 24/7 to try and dry it out. They only cut out and replaced one section of sagging floor that it caused, left the moldy/fungus infected carpet and drywall, which meant my allergies were going nutts the last 4 months and the master bedroom and closet smelled musty for awhile. There was at least one hole in the sub floor, allowing cold breezes in from outside during the winter. Almost no insulation to speak of really, so be prepared for an AC unit that can't keep up in the summer, resulting in your trailer being 80+ inside during the heat of the day, and a $300+ electric bill. There were also several holes in the walls when we moved in, still there when we moved out. Honestly we should have been worried when we moved in and found out they had torn down all the curtains the previous tenant had put up with tape, staples, nails, and tacks, over every window. Which wasn't bad, except they left the sharp stuff all over the floors, tore the wallpaper in several spots, and didn't bother patching any of the holes left behind. 
2 stars only because you really do get what you pay for. 
Plus side, the fix it guy is actually really nice, but they're always going to fix it as cheaply/little as possible.
Rating: 4
Text: I have lived in this park since I was around 6 years old and i still can't get enough of my lovely neighbors.  The trailer was in great shape when we first moved in as well making the experience twice as amazing.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice ans quiet place to live. Lori is the greatest when it comes down to anything.
Rating: 4
Text: They are a very convenient location for Holts Summits businesses
Rating: 5
Text: Best trailer deals 5 stars
