Jensen's RV Park & Motel
Rating: 3
Text: The bed was comfortable and bathroom acceptable. However, the room's AC filter was caked with dirt and mold so running the unit made the room smell awful.  We had to open the windows and turn on the ceiling fan to get out the odor. Luckily, it wasn't a hot night.  The owners do appear to be making improvements such as new windows and painting.  We will probably return but will first check the AC before accepting the room.
Rating: 3
Text: The owners were great.  They answered any and every question we had.  Its a sweet set up and everything was great until it's time to take a shower.  In the female showers there is one pullcord that only distributes scalding water.  After going to the beach your skin is hot enough.  So lesson is if you stay here better have a good working shower.
Rating: 5
Text: Didn't actually stay here, but just stopped in to dump and refill our tanks. Even though it was very late, the owner came out and helped us to make sure we had everything we needed and even helped us with the process as we were RV rookies. Just on that experience alone, I'd say this is a well-run place.
Rating: 1
Text: Bed bugs!! I asked Martin the owner before I paid if they check for bed bugs, his response our room are very clean and not that I know of since my parents use to own it. Got the room and checked the bed before I brought luggage in and sure enough they were infested with bed bugs! Went straight to the office and told him you have bed bugs and I took pictures! He called his wife Kendra told her to meet us there, she seen the bugs picked them up squeezed them said those are food crumbs! She says yes one is a bug but not a bed bug, I can vacuum and RE make the bed for you, refused to give me my $ back for a 3 night stay 4th of July weekend ruined .but glad thank god I checked and left! ? you know Kendra and Martin, and you don't care ,how you can ,and probably are ruining people's lives! DIsgusting!! Thanks but no thanks!
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome quaint place to stay. Friendly! Accommodating.... love it here 
