Jim's Camping
Rating: 1
Text: People stay here long term, come in late and crash around,  banging, talkinking loud, making all kinds of noise.  Over priced, tent camping  $25, cash. cars and trucks driving through. Guy beside me must of had a bad day.  Drive or ride further off the highway to find a better campground. Hell $15 more I could of stayef in a motel. I will never come here again.  oh yea, there is a freaking train that goes by every hour!
Rating: 4
Text: Good campground for the travelling working man. Sites are level and rocked . Laundry on site .As well as a truck wash.  Wi-Fi is hit or miss. 
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly owner!  Follow the rules and everyone keeps to themselves. Peaceful campground. 
Rating: 1
Text: Man where do I start. The old owners ( Jim and Kay Smith )who just sold out in the last 2 weeks and the new owner Kenny Black and he has already has his favorites. If your part of his favorites then the rules of the camp ground will not apply to you and you can do what ever you like when you like. If he doesn't like you then except for your stay and experience to be different then say your neighbor. $400.00 for 30 amp $450.00 for 50 amp and with that you get your concert pad and your awesome gravel lot with no grass or trees. If your ok with having noise and banging up to 12 or even 1am and starting some mornings at 6-7am then you will love this place and what to stay for a long time. If I could give it a zero star I would. Wouldn't recommend this camp ground to anyone and would never ever stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give a negative rating I surely would. I called early in the day to see about making a reservation as I would not be arriving till later that night. Well when I called the lady answered with "yeah?" As if I was inconvencing her. I asked about making a reservation and she informed me that they are opened 24/7. I said thanks and told her I would be there later that night. I arrived at 1am albeit later than I expected but I was banking on someone being there since she said there would be. As we drove in no one was there. So I called the number to see if I could reach anyone at the office. A man picked up and I was beginning to explain that I had called earlier to inquire about camping there. He interrupted me and asked "why did you call me?" "Why are you getting people out of bed?" "Call back in the day time" I was shocked and frustrated that the woman before flat out lied to me. Not to mention, it is not my problem that your business phone number obviously doubles as a personal number as well. What a shady second rate hickish excuse of a business. I would rather spend 300$ on a cheap hotel room than stay at this sorry campground.
