Kalahari Resorts Sandusky
Rating: 5
Text: Just an amazing place with so many things! It's well kept and clean. Nice restaurant with great food options. Good coffee and candy. Expensive. But tons of fun.
Rating: 5
Text: Our suite was very nice, with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, and a fireplace and balcony. Pull out sofa in the living room. Water park experience was fun as always. There is a refrigerator and microwave available in this room, so you can prepare some snacks in the room. During the off-season I would recommend it. We stayed Sunday to Monday, and on Monday morning only one of three sit down restaurants was available for breakfast (they don't open the buffet or formal restaurant unless occupancy is at a certain level). Ivory Coast was the only breakfast option, and they are a little expensive on breakfast and were out of several menu items on Monday morning. The unlimited gaming on non-ticket and prize games is a really good deal in the arcade. Glow golf is fun.
Rating: 3
Text: Gone here since they opened.  It's kinda gone downhill.  While the buffet is great the other restaurant is not so much.  If you want a small snack while swimming pull put a 20 /person cause it ain't cheap.  I think even water was like 4 bucks. We used to go once or twice a year for birthdays and such but have recently chosen other options.
Rating: 4
Text: The suites are very nice, and priced well if you can get a deal on them. Otherwise, it's nowhere near the typical $500 price tag. The food is your standard resort fare. Average pizza and nachos at average resort price. The water park itself is impressively large, but poorly maintained. There's a lot of slides, though not all are always running so the lines range from 10-60 minutes per attraction. Almost every slide has some significant wear and tear on it, ranging from rust or worn paint to what appears to be actual algae or pond scum growing in the corners. The service is slightly above average for a hotel, so you won't be disappointed or impressed. If you can get a seasonal deal to stay here for under $250, go for it. Otherwise, even with somewhat low standards, consider spending your money elsewhere.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed in one of the hut rooms overnight. The room was very nice, and a plus was it had a balcony. We ordered room delivery from Pub Pizza, one of the restaurants in the resort, and it was very delicious. The water park was nice as always. We were lucky enough to be able to use the outdoor water park even though it was out of season. It was a pleasant stay as always.
