Kansas City Airport Marriott
Rating: 3
Text: Very nice employees.  It definitely needs better sound isolation. I could hear the complete conversation of my neighbors. The new renovation looks great from a distance. The finish work was poorly done and looked bad. My bathroom door would not stay closed.  The concierge lounge was very small.
Rating: 3
Text: Good place to stay for someone who is staying there for a few days. They have done tremendous upgrades to the hotel and rooms. Only issues I had is that there's no a/c after 6pm..? That was the weird thing that I encountered while I was there, other Tha. That pretty good hotel
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is being remodeled at the time if the writing.  The updated guest rooms are lovely. The lobby will be very nice.  The staff is professional yet very pleasant.  There is a full.service restaurant and bar at this location.  I believe that once all the construction is complete this hotel will be really nice.
Rating: 2
Text: This hotel is going under some nice renovations. I stayed here for a conference I was attending.... it is right by the airport, super convenient; however, while we were staying someone had went though the parking lot and busted out about 20 cars windows.  At first we thought.. oh how terrible, the people landing and staying in this nice hotel in KC are getting a horrible impression of KC. When we filed a police report they didn't seem surprised so we asked if it had happened before and they replied yes, many times. The hotel informed us this is why they had a night security crew just for the parking lot.  We then noticed all the signs in the parking lot noting they were not responsible for any damage.  You would think in this kind of hotel undergoing major renovations they would include in the budget  security cameras for their guest's saftety in the parking lot if they had multiple vandilizms that had occurred. Despite the hospitality, because we did not feel safe we will not be staying here EVER again.
Rating: 3
Text: First, the hotel is under renovation right now and it looks like it'll be great once it's done. Our room was still unfinished, with exposed wires along the wall and a light fixture hanging off the wall. Not good for a wee one... 

The concierge staff were super helpful though in moving us to another room and patient with our stream of requests, so it's much appreciated. The second room's (new) shower was leaky though. Apparently the crew will be doing another pass through once the whole floor is finished but it's unfortunate. I had the breakfast buffet at the restaurant and it was tasty. Decent variety of proteins and fruit, along with a waffle maker and friendly sociable staff. 

 Again the staff here were absolutely great and there's a great view of the airport on the south face. You can't hear a thing but you can watch the planes take off! I think once the renovations are done the hotel will be fantastic. While my experience wasnt the best I do think it was atypical.
