Kansas City West KOA
Rating: 4
Text: Just stayed over the weekend of August 4th. This was our 1st stay here. The sites were level, but extremely close together. If we had planned our weekend more in advance I would have booked one of the larger patio sites. We typically stay at sites around the lake so we are use to a lot of space between campers. We still enjoyed our weekend as it was a surprise end of summer weekend for our kids. The jumping pillow has a hole which was as HUGE disappointment to our 6 y/o. I was told by a staff member they don't plan on fixing it, but replacing it with something different. The playground equipment is a bit out dated, but kids don't care about that. Zip line was a lot of fun and the pool was nice and clean. We will stay again but probably only if we are able to get one of the larger sites. For the price of 3 days here we could have stayed at the lake for a week. But I understand you pay for the amenities  (sewer, cable, kids activities). Our kids loved doing the kids activities and are definitely ready to go back.
Rating: 3
Text: Website is a bit misleading as the large inflatable jump pillow is broke and is not going to be fixed, which is the sole reason we came to this park.  The game room is locked up and there were no weekend movies.  Sites are on top of each other.  Kids enjoyed the pool and zip line.  Extremely clean Park and pleasant staff.  Not sure the extra cost over a state park is worth it with the all the fun items no being offered.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff were friendly and the facilities were in good shape although the showers were slow to drain in both the men's and women's restrooms.  If you are a light sleeper be aware this campground is very close to a very busy railroad crossing and the trains came through about every 20 minutes or so.  Other than that the grounds were in good shape and we enjoyed our stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Great weekend get away with adult children and grandchildren. Halloween activities in month October
Rating: 5
Text: So I've been here both with an extended stay rv site and a cabin. The extended stay is nice; I feel safe, the people are kind, and it doesn't really feel like a trailer park because everyone has a place to go, even if they are staying for a few months or years. I guess there's less of a sense that they're only here because they can't afford a house; fulltime rving is a life chosen and loved. A lot of the extended stay residents work here, and they'll help you out if something explodes or stops working properly. They respect privacy, don't trash up your area, and respect the quiet hours. You can do laundry in the dead of night without having to worry about creeps, which is great.
The cabin was nice, too; it was small but in a cozy way. Everything functioned well. They do seem to be a bit apathetic when it comes to patching things up. But they try their best and are nice about it. So as long as you're ok with a clean cabin and hot shower, you'll be fine. 
All and all, I think it's a great place if you're looking for a safe place to stay for a few months (or college), or if you just want to get together with some friends and family in a new place, or if your activities will mainly be elsewhere. There are no bears. But on the weekends it can get loud, you'll be close to random people at all times, and the amenities are nice but not nice enough to entertain for long.
