Kelleys Island Venture Resort
Rating: 5
Text: When they say you cannot check in until 3pm they mean it, but we were able to get bracelets that allowed us to use the pool before check in. Keep track of this bracelet because you need to return it at the end of your stay or they will charge you $35. The rooms are great and have towels to use at the pool. Each room comes with a "balcony" but they are actually a common open hall leading to each room. They have bikes that can be borrowed free of charge at the front desk. The courtyard with pool is almost a butterfly sanctuary, very well maintained.
Rating: 3
Text: Our room was spacious and had a full size coffee pot, microwave, and mini fridge, but each of the four lights on the wall (the only lights in the place), were so dim that you could barely see. It's hard to find somebody at the front desk, the office has extremely Limited hours, so good luck if you have a need. It's also hard to get someone to answer the phone! I I felt it was quite overpriced, especially with no continental breakfast. But the grounds are lovely, and while the promised view of the lake was quite minimal, the location is very nice.
Rating: 5
Text: What an awesome resort! The staff was over the top helpful and friendly! Our room was very clean, well stocked and modern! The pool and hottub area were inviting and clean. This is the place to stay if you want an awesome experience! P.S. they even have dogs for you to pet!  Yay!
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel with beautiful gardens and nice view of lake Erie. No breakfast is provided however there are plenty of options on the island. Maid service can be a bit unreliable as we told them to come later after they stopped by but we weren't ready to leave the room yet. When we came back the room was not cleaned up. Wasn't a huge deal but still a pain.
Rating: 5
Text: Immaculate and comfortable the grounds gorgeous and manicured. My suite had the best view of the lake and pool with an extra window for that wonderful lake breeze. The staff friendly and accommodating. Will be back I highly recommend the hotel for both young and elderly. 
