Kewanee Motor Lodge
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome Hotel!! They have a very accommodating and friendly staff. Stayed here for a few days and they had great WiFi played quite a bit of PS4 on my down time and did some work on my laptop. Coffee was always available in the lobby and front desk was very accommodating to my needs. Housekeeping cleaned my room and made my bed everyday and took out the trash. 

They have a 40 inch tv in each room and its awesome especially for me gaming.They have great TV service as well almost over 65 channels and  HBO and CineMax included. Just an awesome experience at a hotel I've had in a while so i highly recommend.  Rooms very very clean and well maintained. Beds were very comfortable as well slept like a baby. I would stay here again when i travel for work. It is the best motel in Kewanee hands down.
Rating: 5
Text: Loved our room. The bed was so comfortable. Very nice and clean and so courteous! Will definitely go back
Rating: 4
Text: Not a best western, but a cheap place to stay for the night. Our room was clean. Only downside is when I called and asked the price on a Thursday, they told me $52.99+tax. We called back and made a reservation, and when we arrived the next night, on Friday, they charged our card $64.00 instead! Not quite sure how tax could be $9.01!
Rating: 2
Text: PROS
*  Very close to grocery store, fast food restaurants, and Walmart 
*  Quiet
*  Microwave
*  Mini refrigerator 
*  WiFi

CONS
*  Electrical cord that plugs up over the nightstand are rigged up with black electrical tape and still had a short in the lamp!
*  Walls are full of small holes
*  Vanity mirror had some type of damage at the bottom 
*  Mirror for the dresser had a old torn sticker still stuck
*  Room came with ONE bar of soap that had been already opened
*  Room does not come with iron nor ironing board.

BOTTOMLINE:  I wouldn't recommend this establishment. It was not worth the $60.00 per night. You can do better like Days Inn or Motel 6 for the money.
Rating: 1
Text: It's not very clean. It's in a nice location by store's and gas stations but not worth staying at.
