Knights Inn Indianapolis Airport South
Rating: 1
Text: Bad,  a truck driver,  and  my AC quit working so I walked over for a little sleep.  
$65.00 later I got an extremely nasty room, and  was worried about bed bugs all night.  About 6 pm, there was a LOUD  pound on the  door.  I answered the door in my underwear,  and  snatched it open asking  " Can I help you  " ! There were 3 white guys that claimed to be maintenance,  and  said that they didn't know that anyone was in the room. 
Unfortunately I'd left my. 357 in the  truck.  

Someone that was previously staying in the room must have been selling dope. 

Be very aware of you stay here.
Rating: 4
Text: Decent room for the price, attentive and personable staff, and they're quick to please their guests. Recommended!
Rating: 1
Text: great place for a landfill its a great starter kit me and my wife and daughter walked in set bags down and picked bags back up and left black mold around tub,ac was falling off the wall,there was a quarter inch gat around door could not even lock it and the residence were so drunk they were falling down in the parking lot please save your money sleep under the over pass or go north to the quality inn it wont let me post without giving it a star thats the only reason i gave it one
Rating: 3
Text: Good service not in the greatest area but cheap rooms and they are in the process of remodeling other
Rating: 1
Text: Too bad there isn't a 0/5 star option. 

I called this morning to cancel a reservation. The confirmation email stated that if the reservation is cancelled after the deadline (which it was) then $84.99 would be charged, but before ending the call, I asked the front desk clerk what the charge was going to be as a precaution. She stated that it was $456.24 (which was the total charge of the entire stay). I told her that I had the email in front of me and that $84.99 was the penalty charge. She stated that she was “just a front desk clerk” and that there was nothing she could do about it. I asked to speak to the manager and was told that she was busy.  I offered to stay on hold until she becomes available and was told that I’d be holding up the incoming phone calls. I asked for the manager’s name, which is Jennifer Eversole (sp?). I asked for her direct number and was told that the only number is the front desk’s number. 

It just so happened that the manager Jennifer became available. I restated what the email had in writing and that due to the circumstances in the hospital, the reservation needed to be cancelled, even if she were to be charged the first night. Jennifer stated that the card has already been run for the full amount and that there was nothing she could do about it because the reservation is not cancellable. Luckily I was able to get this resolved with a very nice woman by calling the Wyndham customer service line.

I know that FFA is in town with over 65,000, but that is no excuse to take advantage of people and change the rules to benefit you/the property. The woman in Wyndham customer service informed me that the room was indeed cancellable, just as it said in the original confirmation email.
