Knights Inn Tell City
Rating: 5
Text: Knights in is located on the eastern portion of tell city, just steps away from all the restaurants. The rooms are efficient and efficient. The pool has had a makeover. Restaurant at the hotel is amazing.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible. I would rate 0 if I could. We got 2 rooms to stay for 1 night, the air never cooled the room over 2 hours, you had to be sitting directly in front of it. There were spider webs in the rooms. The fire alarm wasn't even connected. Nothing matched in the rooms, different tvs, microwaves, sinks. There was a wash cloth left on our shower head. The rooms smelled funny. I'm pretty sure there were drunks down the hallway from us which were probably smoking weed as well because we smelt it. There was a hole between the room and bathroom in the floor, big hole in one beds' comforter. Awful. Felt like a scary/gross motel you'd see in the movies. We ended up getting our money back and going to the Holiday Inn down the road??
Rating: 4
Text: It's okay. Honestly, you get what you pay for. We went to check in the first time and we rung the bell and waited about 15 minutes and no one came. So we left and went to lunch. Came back and they finally checked us in and let us have our room. The room is clean, smells a bit weird but comfy bed and overall decent room. Like I said, you get what you pay for. 
Rating: 4
Text: Great price, friendly service, and free breakfast what more do you need? There is an outdoor pool that is down currently but they were actively working on it while I was there. Hopefully soon that will be up and going.
Rating: 1
Text: Was there July 21st with friends for a girls trip. We each had out own room . My best friend and her gf booked a room with a king size bed.. Were informed when we arrived they had NO rooms with a king bed..one strike

The outside by most of the doors had spider webs along with huge spiders on them..second strike

My room was not clean  floor not vacuumed properly.. And both rooms bathrooms were well bathtub looked like it hadn't been scrubbed clean properly and the sinks look like cheap metal with tile overr them..smh third strike!

Then I had the cleaning "crew" knock on my door while I was asleep waking me up asking "You stay or checking out?" ..um really!? Never had I had a hotel cleaning crew come to my door and knock to ask that! It was rude! Fourth strike..

I will never stay here again! If I could not even give it 1 ?..0 is more like it
