Knights Inn Mt. Gilead
Rating: 1
Text: I wouldn't even give a 1 star rating.  I stopped in to see about a room and I asked if I could just see a room. They said "no, we guarantee our rooms", so I  left. Went and got some gas thought about it then came back. I asked the owner you say you guarantee your rooms if I don't like it you will refund my money? He said "yes, I  had 5 minutes to come back for a refund if I  didn't like it". I started to fill out the card then the owner said "never mind, I don't want your trouble go find another place to sleep," he wouldn't honor his word. I wouldn't trust to stay at this place. Bad business.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here for a weekend getaway for our Anniversary. We were surprised by the very European/ Old English/ pub-like atmosphere in the lobby. There were niches with fireplaces, and a lovely restaurant attached. The room was IMMACULATELY CLEAN, with a modern bathroom, fireplace and lovely king bed. The mattress was good quality. There was a hidden TV, and a mock fireplace which did not produce heat, but added a ambiance to the room. If this had been an expensive hotel, I may not have given it 5 stars, as some amenities such as 24 room service, mini-bar, valet, etc were not available, but for 160$ per night it far exceeded my expectations. The staff was incredibly friendly and the soundproofing was excellent. A great weekend away!
Rating: 1
Text: The place gave me the heebeegeebees! Reminded me of a start to a bad horror movie. Had to drive all the way around because the whole one side of the parking lot is torn up. Got in our room and there were all sorts of little dead nats in the tub and all over the floor. It was nasty, never again. Oh and just because it was Saturday night they jacked up the price $30 - $40 more than an other night!
Rating: 2
Text: Some of the rooms dont have refrigerators or microwaves, some do. Weird room setup. Not the nicest staff. Does well for 50$ a night
Rating: 2
Text: Parking lot was tiny. Rooms are way out dated. Fridge didn't work. A.c took 4 hours to cool to 75. 
