Knights Inn Dayton North
Rating: 2
Text: This hotel is about as slummy as they come. Drugs being dealt around every corner, people being load as hell at all hours of the night, the cops are there day and night because of problems. I'm assuming most of it being drug related. Didn't feel safe while I was there. The rooms are trash. Nothing is updated, the electric went out twice in the room I was staying in. The employees are all right. Not rude, but not real friendly either. Their free breakfast included bread with a toaster, and Raisin Bran and Frosted Flakes cereals, that's it. Ew! This place... Ew!!
Rating: 1
Text: Checked out as soon as I checked in! No shower curtain, standing water in the sink,  Ac unit looked like a fire hazard and the window lock was broken and anyone could walk up to it and come right in. (Kind of appeared that had happened by the condition of the room) Definitely was not what it was a couple of years ago. Luckily I was able to get a full refund and go elsewhere, that is the only reason I gave at least 1 star.
Rating: 3
Text: 5 stars to the people that work there. They were great. 1 for the actual hotel. It was old, dirty and hot. The air conditioner wasn't working in our room and the maintenance guy said the breaker was off and had to turn it back on. None of the buttons worked on it after that and it was still pretty hot most of the night.
Rating: 1
Text: Awful! Smelled terrible! The entire place was filthy. There's only like 2 doors in and out. The bed looked as though someone had already slept in it. Never again! I was supposed to stay 2 nights...NO!
Rating: 1
Text: Not a updated Hotel. The walls are cinder block most of the features of this place including a jacuzzi tub are from the 80s and 90s. Clothing iron is not kept in room, there are pieces of wood to make sure no one climbs in your window at night. Various stains, smells, and not landscaped at all. Was told the place was recently bought when I checked in, after complaining about a room that smelled and looked worse than some movies I can tell you about, and that there are going to be a lot of changes made soon. I hope so, and if so I will review this again.
