Knights Inn Athens
Rating: 5
Text: When i arrived the woman at the front desk was very friendly. The rest of the staff was also friendly. The rooms were clean and the tv was nice sized. I enjoyed how quiet and peaceful it was. When i am in the area i will definitely return.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed there with a friend from Thursday night through Sunday morning. It was inexpensive. The beds were on the stiffer side, the bathroom had a broken knob (won't close all the way or lock), but it had a large 42" LED LCD TV with a basic cable package. There was also a 3 drawer dresser, mini-fridge, sink, and clean white towels. Would consider again for future stays. 
Rating: 2
Text: Me and my boyfriend stayed here for a week in August of 2016. I guess you get what you pay for in terms of the quality of the room. However, it is the woman behind the front desk that really upset me. I have never witnessed such poor customer service in my life. I booked my room 2 months in advanced. I also called the hotel 2 more times within those 2 months in between my arrival. Once, extending my stay and the other I changed the card I had on file. On the night me and my boyfriend were heading out I called to ask what check in time was and the same woman who always answers answered again and as soon as I asked the woman  began to yell at me saying "Oh yes you are the one!" I was confused and she went on saying "You call too much. why do you call so much?" like are serious? I absolutely could not believe it. So when I checked in to the hotel the woman again shouted at me from her desk "Oh yes you are the one!" I was just like "excuse me?!" and she went on about how I called so much and what do I want calling so much like absolutely unbelievable! I personally have worked front desk at a hotel and I know guests can be a pain sometimes but this is just terrible! So yeah if you're gonna stay here do anything and everything you can to avoid speaking to this woman. Her voice is pretty distinct....
Rating: 4
Text: A simple and very cheap, but. Nonetheless cozy and nice. Motel. Worth a stay if you're in the area and looking. Also located close to a movie theater and plenty of fast food and restaurants.
Rating: 4
Text: super clean. very comfortable bed
