Knights Inn Rantoul
Rating: 1
Text: The room was very disappointing. We weren't expecting a lot, since it is not a high-priced hotel, but the experience definitely should have been better. When we first arrived, the woman behind the front desk was very polite and helpful. She gave us our room keys, but when we went to use them, neither worked. This wasn't a big deal, especially since she got us new key cards and went to our room with us to make sure we were able to get in. Unfortunately, we got in the room (which was supposed to be a non-smoking room and even had a no smoking sign inside the room) smelled terribly of cigarettes. We looked around and noticed ash on the nightstand, the bathroom floor and even some on the bed sheets, so it seems like whoever was doing the housekeeping was either smoking in the room while working or just did an awful job of cleaning. We also couldn't get the curtains to open (they seemed to be clipped to something that was too high up for us to reach to be able to fix) and half of the lamps were unplugged so we had to move the nightstands in order to plug them in to use them. The entire place looked and felt dirty, paint was pushing off the walls and there were crumbs and dust everywhere. It didn't look like it had been cleaned at all, other than the bed being made. On our second day there, we left the room for a while and when we came back, both key cards were not working again (we are aware that being near magnetic phone cases or other magnets can interfere with the cards, so we were very careful to not let that happen). We went back to the office to ask for new cards and the woman behind the counter (a different one than the woman who checked us in) was rude and condescending about it. Probably the worst part was the morning that we were checking out, we were cleaning up a bit. The comforter had gotten pushed slightly under the bed, so I pulled it up, and out rolled a half smoked cigarette. Completely disgusting, especially considering it was a non-smoking room. Overall, terrible place. The rooms and stairwells are completely disgusting. You cannot trust when they say anything will be clean or smoke-free or even work properly. The cleaning people are obviously incompetent, and one out of two of the employees we dealt with at the front desk were awful to deal with. The only thing about the experience that wasn't bad was the woman at the front desk with the pink hair, she was very pleasant.
Rating: 1
Text: Dirty. Room was supposed to be non-smoking but smelled powerfully of cigarettes. Even found ashes and a cigarette butt in the room. Stay away from this place!
Rating: 5
Text: We have stayed here before and always had great service but this last time the staff went above and beyond. The first night we got there pretty late and all i wanted was a bath and the room we got the tub wouldn't stay plugged. So we went and talked to the front desk and they without question moved us to a different room. The rest of our stay went well until we had to leave early for home, i woke up late so we had to rush out of the room to get on the road. It wasn't until 1 in the afternoon that i noticed my engagement ring was missing, so i called them and asked if they could look for it. They told me that house keeping had already cleaned that room but they would go take a look for me. I had the friend i was visiting go look too just to be safe and when he got there they had torn the room apart just to look for me. They had took apart the vacuum cleaners, moved all the furniture, checked all the laundry, and even got into the air vents to look if it dropped down there. I later that day, after i got off work, searched my car top to bottom and found it! But the point is that these wonderful people tried their hardest to help me find my engagement ring. This hotel has a great staff and i have already booked my next stay there!
Rating: 1
Text: The room was disgusting. You can see from the pics I took of our room that the paint was peeling from the wall. They provided a microwave for in room use. Sadly, it was dented, missing the turn table, and not even a digital display.
The bed was so uncomfortable that after my second night of almost sleeping I could hardly move in the morning.

Some of the chairs were broken in the breakfast room. The morning we checked out and we were eating breakfast before hitting the road.
My poor son got his fingers smashed between the base of his chair and the seat. His fingers were stuck in there until he figured out how to loosen the seat to free them. 
I thought he had broken one or more of his fingers.  Luckily he didn't. But we didn't know for sure until later.
I was apologized to for the problems and offered my stay for free. I accepted the offer.
This was all witnessed by another guest who, when I hesitated at their offer - my mind was still focused on my son and his INTENSE pain, said I should absolutely accept this offer. I did and I was assured I would see the refund w/in a few days on my card. A week passed. No refund. I called and asked where it was. The desk clerk assured me the owner must have gotten busy and forgot to approve it.
I asked to speak to the owner and every time I call, for the last 2.5 weeks, neither he nor his wife are available.
My 3* rating dropped to a single star because I can't give negative stars when I get a crappy room, a miserable two nights of sleeping, broken appliances, filthy bathroom, and (WORST OF ALL) an innkeeper who lies to, and doesn't care about, his patrons.
I may have considered 2* if they had even made a sincere effort to talk to me about the problems I had there.

I requested the clerk make the owner aware of my need to talk to him or his wife or I would wait no longer to post this review. 
Didn't matter. NEVER MADE A SINCERE ATTEMPT TO REACH ME. I NEVER SPOKE TO THEM DESPITE MY NUMEROUS CALLS.

I will NEVER return to THIS OR ANY OTHER KNIGHTS INN again. This is clearly representative of how they must all be run.

Next year when I return, I will find a park bench to sleep on for higher quality of care. (And I'll likely be able to give it a higher rating as well.)

I would only recommend this place to my worst enemy.  Everyone else stay somewhere with an honest reputation and even marginally higher quality of care for the clientele will be a vast improvement over this place.
(If they were to ever make an honest effort to connect with me and honor their promises, I could justify updating this review. But don't hold your breath.) 
Rating: 1
Text: Don't even waste your time you'd be more comfortable and safe sleeping in a cardboard box in the middle of the highway
