Knights Inn Berea
Rating: 4
Text: The guy behind the counter at check-in was very nice! The price was good for us, as we're both are on SSI,and was on a tight budget.The room that my sister and i stayed in was good for the one night stay back from our trip from NC to Indiana. It had a microwave and small frig, which came in handy,they're also serve a continental breakfast.The room was clean and the beds were comfortable.I recommend to anyone, especially if you're on a budget. I would stay there again if traveling down that way.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice location. Service was good. Rooms were alright. Good price for what you get.
Rating: 2
Text: My girlfriend had booked a King sized room for three days, yet whenever we had arrived, they told us that it was no longer available. They gave us a double, yet we looked around in the parking lot and I could count the number of cars on one hand. They did not accept their mistake, nor did they apologize, and we weren't compensated.
The room we stayed in had two beds, so obviously it was meant for a family or more than one person. Yet there was only two towels, and ONE washcloth, which was next to the sink.

The floor of the shower has black stains, and the walls have horrible black stains as well, not to mention the carpet is DISGUSTING. Whenever I walked around for just a few hours, the bottom of my feet were black. They never seem to clean the floor.
My feet have itched the entire time I have been here, and I'm pretty sure you can figure out why.  
The door has a huge crack in it, and it seems like it has been broken into before. The drawer on the desk has horrible sharpie marks all over the inside of it, and it looks terrible.
The "fridge" is so small and nasty that you can barely fit anything inside of it. 
The towel rack in the bathroom is broken off and hasn't been fixed.

The one good thing I can say this room has, is the TV. It's a DECENT tv.... Cheap but big and wall mounted.

The only friendly service we received was a smile from the clerk, who, when we arrived, messed up our room.
Rating: 3
Text: Room was ok for the price. People were very nice. I would stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: Do not stay here!! My husband and I checked in here and when we got in the room it was so disgusting that we packed back up and left, which is something I've never had to do. There were cigarette burns on the comforter, sheets, pillows, and even the dresser (and it was supposed to be a nonsmoking room). There were stains all on the sheets, and all over the mattresses. There were big wads of hair and debris all over the floor. The bathroom sink was covered in scum and hair. There were curse words carved into the microwave. It was just overall awful. Not to mention the fact that it was way outdated and had a box TV that the remote didn't even work. The guy that checked us in was nice, until I asked for a refund and he had a bad attitude. We went down the road and found a much nicer place for the same price.
