Knights Inn Battle Creek MI
Rating: 4
Text: I had stayed there for two weeks.  The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, the the bathroom was clean with plenty of hot water.  Best of all the price was right based on a weekly rates.  They had a continental breakfast was pretty good, but could use more of a selection.
I liked that the place was hidden back from the main road.  Easy to access the highway and a variety of restaurants.
Rating: 3
Text: I Was looking for a cheap room but still wanted all the amenities that usually are found in hotels.  After reading the reviews (on the way there) I became very uneasy and worried that thus place would be a total dive. Upon my arrival the outside was decent and I liked the fact it was tucked away. I was greeted by a gentleman who was kind and professional. Our room was nothing I expected. It was very decent, didn't smell was clean and everything worked. Nice bed. Nice TV etc. It may be outdated a tad but if your looking for all the frills and luxury pay for it. The money that's saved here is definitely worth it. I would stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: This was the worst room we've ever paid for, by far.  Given other more positive reviews, I can only assume it depends on the room.

I will say that the bed was comfortable, and the temperature control for the room was great.  But those positives can't possibly outweigh the negatives.

The room was dirty. When you take a Clorox wipe to the bathroom countertop and it comes away covered in black yuck, that's a bad sign.  

 The toilet bowl did not look as if it had been cleaned.  My home has hard water, I know what those stains look like...this was not that.

The tub had mildew stains all over it.  I bought a bath mat to use because I did not want my bare feet touching it.

The tile in the bathroom was broken and loose.  A bare foot would have been cut.  

Best part - the toilet was not secured to the floor!  It would slide or tip if you moved wrong.

There was a huge screw sticking out of the wall beside the headboard...right where you would cut your head open with one wrong move.  My husband used his Swiss Army knife to unscrew it.

There was an outlet in the sink area that was blackened from something shorting out.  There was no coffee maker or blow dryer, and the tray and ice bucket were filthy.

The fridge was full of water that had overflowed from the freezer drip tray, and the microwave was dirty.  Oh, and there was duck tape all over the drawers.

Also, where was the rate and tax notice that is supposed to be posted in hotel rooms?

The desk staff were all rude, starting at check in and continuing throughout our 8 night stay.

We ended up checking out a week early after they nickel and dimed us for pets we told them we had at check in!

Finally, we also learned they'd had a bed bug infestation in some of the rooms next to ours.  Considering I have 5 bites on my legs, despite it being late October and too cold for mosquitoes, we went straight to launder our things on high heat as soon as we left.

Stay somewhere else...or demand one of their supposedly remodeled rooms.  But view my photos and video before booking at this dump.  The owners and Wyndham  should be ashamed.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful service! Very nice clean room,  newly upgraded TV and beds. Excellent!!!
Rating: 2
Text: You get what you pay for. Dirty, no options for breakfast. The good part, pet friendly and close to good food places. Not the worst room ever been to but not the best.
