Knights Inn & Suites South Sioux City
Rating: 1
Text: I got here and the front desk sent me to a room that was dirty and a cake on the table. Then got the from changes to a cleaner room they said. Right this room had pubic hair on the floor and shower with no towels. Every room smelled like cigarette smoke. The pillows are flat and mattress are worn out. I slept on top of the sheets. Don't waste your hard earned money here. Sleep in the car.
Rating: 5
Text: This motel should have more stars. After a long motorcycle ride in heavy rain, I just needed a room. It was clean, well kept, and quiet. The breakfast was good and the staff were very kind, friendly, and accommodating. The same room would cost twice as much if it were on the interstate. I'll stay here again next time I'm riding through this area.
Rating: 3
Text: The place isn't too bad, need to update the TV's to flat screens and do some renovations. Other than that not too bad of a place.
Rating: 1
Text: Location is ok. 10ish min drive to "downtown" but the compliments stop there. This place was sketch, if you can find another hotel or can spend any more do it. Worst hotel I've stayed at, if I could of cancelled I would of. Checking in was SLOW with the guy who could barely speak english. The TV was an old small tube TV that was shocking to see. The towels (that I had to ask for cause they didn't put any in the room) were probably 15 or 20 years old or more, cause they reminded me of sandpaper. The stains and peeling wallpaper was awesome if I was in a museum. Burn marks on the floor and the deadbolt latch was barely screwed in, like it got used and never fixed after a confrontation. Toilet barely flushed and the shower took literally 5 minutes to heat up. The comforter and blanket had stains that scared me so we didn't use them and the bed was so firm I don't know where they got it. I made it out in one piece though and a few things surprised me. The AC worked. No bugs. And even a mini fridge that wasn't on but somewhat worked! You won't die. But you won't enjoy your stay one bit. Not worth the price - use it for a free stay but don't pay for that.
Rating: 1
Text: What a dive!! No ground floor "available" even though place was a ghost town. NO vending or ice machines in ANY room areas, office area only. No in room coffee. Bed was harder than the floor and probably as old as the carpeting judging by the "hole" I slept in. Two sheets of the single ply, see thru toilet paper were thicker than the 2 pillows on a KING bed. Supposed to be a non-smoking room but the carpet was littered with burn marks next to the bed. AND to top it off the desk clerk was rude, extremely difficult to understand and about as friendly as a fence post. Oh yea......the "year round" pool....hasn't had water in it for years. Save your money and sleep in your vehicle.....it will be more comfortable. 
