Koomer Ridge Campground
Rating: 5
Text: This is one luxurious campground. It has running water bathroom and a hot water shower space. Bathroom was clean as well. 

Campsites are spacious, has hooks, fire pit, a picnic bench, and dedicated parking space (or 2 if you're in a double) right in front of your campsite so that you have easy access to your vehicle. 

We came here in torrential downpour but was able to camp on a suitable site and not have our tent flooded at night. The campsite ground is porous, which allows the water to drain away and not pool up near your tent. 

Overall, I think this is a very well managed and maintained campground.
Rating: 4
Text: Really enjoy it. My husband and I come here every year. To get the most of your experience depends on the camp hosts. Sometimes they are very nice and friendly, sometimes they aren't helpful at all. 
They have nice places to set your tents up, or RVs. And picnic tables. It is a very nice place.
Rating: 5
Text: Note: There are two listings for Koomer Ridge Campground on Google Maps as of 9/25/17! This is by far the most informative one. Really beautiful spot with lots of different sites to choose from. There was a mix of tents and RVs/campers, and a lot of different sizes, views, altitudes, privacies, and proximities to trailheads! Plus there's a dope old split rail fence with some hella cool lichen and moss growin on it
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful place for a walk. Looks like a nice place to camp
Rating: 5
Text: Peaceful campground with relatively secluded sites. The pay system is a little confusing. Make sure you have either an assortment of cash or a check. There is no one at the entrance to collect your money...you put it in an envelope (which they have available), and slip it into a slot. We accidentally overpaid, and the host walked over to our campsite later in the day to give us the difference back! That was so nice!! Thank you! :) It is also first-come, first-served, and we couldn't find a phone number to call ahead to make sure there was a space. Thankfully, we found one when we arrived Saturday mid-morning. We stayed at tent site #53. Beautiful camp setting, and we were able to fit three 2-person tents easily at our site, which is technically a single site. We had a total of 3 cars and had no problem parking the additional vehicles along the side of the road nearest the small parking lot. Bring some toilet paper, as the nearest bathroom ran out in the evening. Also, bring some firewood, which you can buy at the many stops prior to the campground. Overall, this campground turned out to be a hidden gem, and we will definitely be back!
