L & M Midwest Bikers Motel
Rating: 4
Text: Cozy roadside motel. Nice rustic furnishings. A friendly atmosphere. Free wifi.  A good place to crash after a long motorcycle (or car) ride.

 Only issue so far is the room is hard to get dark because of the blinds and a bright streetlight.

Rating: 2
Text: Daniel was very helpful & friends, so of the guest where very disruptive & loud.  There should be a quite hour set.  Got woke up @ 12:30 am to a lot of noise. Rooms are nice but a little on the high side, the parking area could use a good amount of work.
Rating: 3
Text: Ever since the new owner took over this place has lost a lot of customers and is not as lively. There is a huge language barrier as the new owner does not speak English well and you cane barely understand him. Prices are inconsistent for the hotel rooms and fluctuate constantly. But what are you going to do? The only other hotel in Savanna is $119 plus tax and the other places are in Thomson about 7-12 miles south and that drive back and forth gets old.
Rating: 1
Text: Do not book at this Motel! Proprietor lied about cancellation policy. I was charged 25.00 to book room and never refund after canceling within 2 weeks of date. Then he hangs up on me when I called him to ask why this is still on my card! Had to dispute with card services. Thief!
Rating: 1
Text: Had a 6/3 reservation. Did not get to hotel until 8:30 to check in, but called at 6pm & 8pm  to let them know we would be there. Told us no problem. Upon arriving we had no room. Told us a homeless lady was refusing to leave. I informed manager he could of told us this hours ago, we would of found other arrangements. It was pointless talking to him, and hard to understand his broken English. Finally went outside to get on phone to find another place to stay. He then came out and said it was taken care of and the women in room was leaving. So I agreed to stay, but then I noticed it was this homeless looking lady packing up her stuff out of room #10 right by office. This lady was hanging out on a bench by office when we arrived and was bothering people including us. I told him to make sure room was cleaned real good because this lady was obviously disgusting. We took room key and our stuff to concert we were in town to see, he promised room would be clean and ready when we returned. WELL, when we returned, this lady was still hanging around main office and rooms. Again she was bothering people. We walked into room , took one look and left. Burn holes in bed, cig ashes all over tables, dried food on outside of microwave.... I can go on. We informed night manager we where not staying and rode motorcycle 23 miles to find another hotel at 2am in the morning. We went back next day, refused refund. This used to be a respectable place but is now under new ownership and had gone down hill fast. Walk into the main office and 1st thing you see is a big picture of a man with red dot on head. This is now the people running this place, so you know. As a biker and staying at the place under the old owners..... I would highly suggest not staying here... It's disgusting and dirty. Spend the extra few dollars and stay in Clinton at a nice professionaly run place.  I paid $30 more to stay at the Hampton Inn, it had a noon c/o time unlike L&M's 10am, plus a pool, super nice room with big walk in shower, professional staff.  L&M is now just another foreign run toilet.  And I also did some asking around next day and that lady that was hanging around the Motel is apparently the type of local people using and hanging around this place.... You figure it out.
