La Quinta Inn & Suites Cleveland Airport West
Rating: 5
Text: My power went out for a few days so me and my dog went looking for a place to stay till the power problem was fixed. And la quinta was by far the best option i saw for pet friendly a pet friendly hotel. The staff were super nice to me and my dog and provided everything i needed with a smile. The breakfast was quite nice and not overly crowded like alot of other places. It was across the street from the mall witch was nice and also near a guitar center and a large number of restaurants and even had an Italian restaurant and a pizza place do room service although i didn't try that myself. The room was clean quiet comfortable and a very reasonable size. I would certainly consider staying there again if my travels lead me near one
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed last Saturday night.  Everything was excellent-----from the room, the pool, staff and the morning breakfast.  I want to say a special thank you to a wonderful member of your staff---Bambi.  She had checked us in.  My kids were eager to swim and she gave us a room down the hall from the pool on the first floor which was super convenient.  Then on  Sunday morning, Bambi checked us out and we mentioned to her that we were looking for something to do for a couple hours before driving back to Buffalo, NY.   We noticed a sign for a local comi-con displayed on the desk.  Bambi gave us information, directions and best of all---free tickets for my husband and I.  The kids had so much fun!  Thank you for an exceptional weekend and a shout out to Bambi too!!!!  I wish all hotels were this great......
Rating: 5
Text: LOVED IT!!! Everything was clean, the people were nice ,the bed was amazing and the color scheme/style was awesome. Really nice. I didn't want to leave. I told my boyfriend we should just stay for two nights just to get away, relax and enjoy. Totally recommend!
Rating: 1
Text: Earlier tonight I arrived at Cleveland Hopkins International Airport and waited for the airport-hotel shuttle. La Quinta Airport hotel was prominently shown on the airport shuttle status screen. After waiting a while I called the hotel to see when they expected the next shuttle to arrive. The lady at the desk said there was -no shuttle- tonight. After calls to Orbitz and back to the hotel it turns out that even though they advertise an airport shuttle that the fine print -clearly- states that one can never know when said shuttle will operate.
After calls to Orbitz and the hotel again, they did not refund my money. I canceled my two nights with them to go with another hotel that actually has an airport shuttle and am now out $100+ because I canceled after 5 PM.
So ... if you need an airport shuttle, or just need reasonable customer service, don't stay at La Quinta Airport West.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice clean rooms, good breakfast served till 10 am. Staff is helpful friendly, awesome place to stay for however long you want.
