La Quinta Inn & Suites Columbus West - Hilliard
Rating: 3
Text: Room was clean and front desk staff was helpful. Hotel was easy to find off the highway and located directly across the street from a food/entertainment plaza. We had to get to bed somewhat early the night we stayed and had absolutely no problem with noise from the surrounding area or other guests.
Shower curtain looked a little worn and gross. The TV didn't change channels. The power and volume controls worked, but the TV would not change channels either via the remote or the buttons on the TV. Air conditioner unit was a little on the loud side. 

I was in town for one night to run a race and I just needed a place to sleep. It was close to where I needed to be and was a good option. However, if I were to go back to Columbus for a fun weekend of going out to bars and spending time downtown, I would probably look for something closer to the city center.
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty nice hotel. Nice and clean. Easy access to food and stores. The only reason i gave it 4 stars is because like all hotels the bed was to hard and I couldnt very good.
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic staff here. Adam at the front desk was able to tell me exactly what cereals they have (the real deal, not generic brands) for my daughter who has a wheat allergy. The staff was not only nice and helpful to the guests but nice to each other too. 

I had business at Ohio State. This La Quinta is close enough to everything in Columbus, but not right in the city center, but this also means it's reasonably priced. It's also easy access from the main roads. 

The location is across a small parking lot from a burger/ice cream fast food place which was great, especially for those with small children. We ate there twice. We also visited the Walmart which is across the street twice.

The pool is nice with a pleasant temperature. The rooms are also nice with comfortable beds. 

They allow pets here. We don't have pets, but this is still convenient for those who do.

The breakfast was fine. My only complaint was that there was no real half and half for the coffee. As a prediabetic, I try to keep carbohydrates low. It would also be better if they had some sort of a daily meat option like bacon and/or sausage.  

Overall this was a great experience. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend this hotel for those traveling in the Columbus area.
Rating: 5
Text: Room was extremely tidy and comfy. Breakfast was amazing and totally caught me off guard. 10/10 would recommend to someone else.
Rating: 3
Text: Room and hotel were pretty clean, however, they forgot to give us room service. When we called the front desk in the afternoon (around 3-4pm) after getting back to our room, they said that our do not disturb sign was on the door even though it wasn't. Housekeeping had already left for the day so there was nothing they could do but they brought us up some fresh towels. 
