La Quinta Inn & Suites Elizabethtown
Rating: 2
Text: 2 night stay
The check-in process was quick and easy.
The suite was spacious 
The bed was comfortable 
I would Have rated this 5 stars, however...
Extremely early in the morning (maybe 6am....the sun wasn't up) while we were still sleeping, we woke up to a cleaning lady putting new towels in our bathroom and my boyfriend had to actually tell her to get out of our room. 
For the creep out factor... I dropped 3 stars. We'll be back in in a few weeks,  but I am looking for a different hotel in hopes of staying somewhere where we don't wake up to a maid tip toeing around in our room.
Rating: 4
Text: I would like to thank that staff and kind gentleman at La Quinta for retrieving and safely keeping my laptop bag, which leapt from our rental SUV in a sincere suicide parking lot attempt.This grave issue was not discovered until we reached our end destination half an hour away. The front desk staff was very kind and tried to reach me at an old phone number on my business card attached to the bag.

I also enjoyed the firm beds. It was so nice to enjoy a mattress that wasn’t saggy. Thanks, La Quinta!
Rating: 4
Text: Well appointed and comfortable. The breakfast was adequate and the housekeeping staff is excellent. 

The vending leaves much to be desired. There's only one soda machine and it's broke. The refrigerator that the desk sells from is pricey and has no Dr Pepper. :-( There are places where there used to be machines on each floor, but alas, they are no more. 

There are just several places where they could have taken one more step and been Great, but didn't. 
Rating: 3
Text: I like how they have complimentary breakfast. The bed is comfortable and the bathroom was a decent size. The cleanliness was average because there was a stain on the bed sheets and the top of the bed frame was very dusty.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nicely furnished. Clean and very quiet. Hannah, the front desk clerk recommend a great locally owned BBQ place for dinner. Only minor quibble was the older AC unit had trouble keeping up with the high humidity. But otherwise we had a great stay.
