La Quinta Inn & Suites Indianapolis AP Plainfield
Rating: 1
Text: I booked two rooms for a funeral in September.  One of the rooms was occupied by a relative who was on active military duty. I was told at the front desk that they were not able to change my rate to accommodate the discount.  I was going to ignore that issue until I found out that the hotel charged me $.01 cent more on my final bill than the original email quoted price.  I asked at the front desk and no one knew the answer.  I followed up with emails and phone calls and it has been almost 2 months now and still no one has returned my email or call with a response.  Most people do not check their hotel statements, so this is probably a common practice at this hotel since no one has an answer.  Please compare your bill to your quoted price. Maybe I can get some answers as to why the bills are not accurate.
Rating: 4
Text: It was a good stay. Beds were nice and breakfast was good. Gym was just a few cardio machines and a couple resistance machines. Pool was closed when due to time of day but it looked nice. I would recommend it over other places in the area. Driver was very nice.
Rating: 5
Text: Hotel is clean and quiet.  The staff is very friendly and helpful. Pet friendly- something that's important to me as I travel with a companion animal.
Rating: 5
Text: Near Indianapolis but far enough away to get away from the chaos. Rooms are really nice. Staff is friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: I was so Happy that the Front desk clerk helped with my and my friends baby's our dog's. We ran to the nearby store , before we left I let them know that we would be right back . They said they would call me if they started barcking. With my permission I said they could go in to check on them .My baby wasn't happy that I left him . What was so awesome is they got both dog's and took them potty and Loved on them . I have Never stayed at such a Wonderful Staff . I have stayed with LaQuinta Inn Many times, and plan on staying many more times. 
Thank You too the Staff at Plainfield LaQuinta Inn .
