La Quinta Inn Indianapolis East-Post Drive
Rating: 1
Text: Bed bugs. Sat down on the bed exhausted from traveling from CA to MA. Most hotels are decent this is not. I see all these mixed posts. It's good it's bad blah. The staff responses blah blah. I hate to be rude, but when people come to a hotel they are trying to find refuge while they sleep comfortably. Close any infested rooms. Vacuum properly. The floors are dirty, it is musty, there are bed bugs. Very disappointing.
Rating: 1
Text: Gross hotel!  Got in very late, and had called hotel to inform them when we would arrive.  When we arrived it took 20 mins to simply get checked in...clerk was VERY slow, said she had started something on the computer, and we had to wait until it finished!  She did no apologize, or talk to us about her difficulties, even when we showed her our printed reservation.  Didn't get to our room until well after 2am.  The room was filthy!  Smelled like BO and old cigarettes.  Had to wipe down the drawers before putting clothes away...they were filthy with hair and dust in them.  Tiles in bathroom cracked, no stopper in sink.  The carpet was gross and dirty, and I had to clean my feet before getting into bed.  The bed and pillows were uncomfortable.  Second night we were there a very loud and obnoxious gaming group were staying at the hotel, and were loud and going up and down the hallways, and yelling in the parking lot into the wee hours of the morning. Only stayed in this hotel because my husbands elderly parents were staying there and needed to be close to assist them.  Only bright spot was the friendly disposition of Ruby, who worked in the lobby area...super friendly.  
Your hotel is a terrible reflection on all La Quinta hotels!
Rating: 2
Text: I don't have the heart to give less stars because the staff was so incredibly friendly. 
Our entire floor smelled musty. It looked like the floors hadn't been vacuumed in quite some time. My son was crawling around the room and when I picked him up, his hands, knees and feet were black. The coffee maker in our room had hair and dust all over it. 
The area was sketchy (and I'm from Chicago so nothing shocks me). Some drunk guys were in the parking lot and that's fine, but then they started asking for cigarettes and money and that's where I draw the line. No means no. Obviously that's not the hotels fault, just a heads up. 
Again, the staff was super polite and wonderful but the lack of cleanliness was disappointing.
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel is pretty dated; I knew that going in but it was still in poor shape. The carpet had stains, and the beds were small and not all that comfortable. We had a two room suite, which was very nice given the two bathrooms. Breakfast was standard but the area was crowded, so it was hard to get at the food that was there. Staff was friendly and were clearly working hard. It was a reward night so I'm not sure how much it cost normally.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms were mediocre but not awful. However, they have a pretty good Continental breakfast with a decent sitting area, and tables for larger groups.
