La Quinta Inn Indianapolis Airport Lynhurst
Rating: 5
Text: Check in and check out were fast and easy. The staff was very helpful, especially during breakfast. The best part, though, was the pillow top mattress. My whole family slept very well that night. We stayed here as a half way point on a trip, so the location being near the highway was perfect.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean and comfortable for one night.   Checked in here after a bad experience at Red Roof down the road.  This was a much better option.   Staff was polite and helpful.
Rating: 1
Text: This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I was told these rooms were closed for maintenance. The hotel reopen the rooms to accommodate the guests. The rug was dirty and the room had a bad smell. The bathroom was horrible. I will never stay at a Laquinta ever. They refunded me and my cousins money for the night. All hotels were booked due to a concert that weekend. The pictures on the website is misleading and need to be taken down. It's a run down dump with a zero rating. The older lady that worked the 11-7 shift should retire. She was very rude and dumber then a box of rocks.
Rating: 1
Text: I wish I could give negative stars. The worst!! First off the room was humid and musty. The carpet was sticky and when walked on the bottoms of my feet were black....BLACK!! I literally had to wash my feet constantly. The outlets were a joke nothing stayed plugged in them. The bedside lamp was spliced in and we felt really uncomfortable using it so we unplugged it. The tv never worked. The fridge was taken over by frost. It was the worst place I've ever stayed at, I felt so creepy and gross the entire time I stayed there. I'm still unsure about bugs in the room. Well there were flies that kept appearing. We will never stay there or recommend this place EVER!! We have stayed at really nice La Quinta's at other places in the US that have been top flight. Obviously the owners do not care enough to update our take care of their property. Disgusting!!
Rating: 1
Text: No elevator 
Some of the air conditioner dont work
There is mold in the shower
And i believe there is a whole in my tub,besides the drain.
The breakfast area is to small,for the amount of people/rooms they have here. In another words,if they were booked out,and all the people wanted to eat breakfast, at one time...it wouldn't go down good.

The floor is dirty in the rooms,wear socks!

No fridge 
No microwave
