La Quinta Inn & Suites Evansville
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful and homelike with a modern decor, very classy, and yet cozy. This is a very clean hotel to visit. The staff is very friendly, they have a variety of snacks and a nice little breakfast to start the day one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in for one of the cheapest prices. You cannot get a better deal than LaQuinta!
Rating: 1
Text: Very dirty hotel!  The towels had dried blood and urine stains on them.  Toilet didn't flush.  Hotel smelled like sewage.  The shower curtain had a big yellow glob on it.  Hotel appeared to not have been cleaned at all.  Bugs on the floors in lobby.  Don't stay here.
Rating: 5
Text: I had a birthday party sleep over for 5 girls ages 8- 10. It was the perfect place for it. The staff made sure we had plenty of towels for swimming. They suggested where to order pizza with the best deals. We were allowed to set up a little party area in the Lobby/ breakfast seating area.  The girls took the 2 queen-size beds and they brought in a roll a way bed for me, it was very comfortable. The next morning they had a wonderful hot breakfast, there was something for everyone. Scrambled and Boiled Eggs, Fried potatoes, Biscuits & Gravy, Sausage patties, Oatmeal with several toppings, Danish, bagels, donuts, white or wheat toast, yogurt, 3 types of cereal and a waffle maker. There was something for EVERYONE, even the picky eaters. After breakfast they went swimming for another hour or so before checking out. Best Ideal Ever. I would recommend La Quinta in Evansville for anything you have planned.
Rating: 4
Text: We have stayed at countless hotels around the country so when we booked a double queen suite here, we were pleasantly surprised by the reasonable price at such a highly-rated location. When we checked in, though, our reservation was booked under the wrong La Quinta Returns number, though, and she had no idea how to change it so we had to call customer service at a later date. There are dogs walking all over the hotel so they must be allowed in a lot of rooms. Our suite was nice and large with a separate room for the couch, desk, and TV, but the bathroom was very small. Breakfast was good as is usual with La Quinta hotels. Parking lot is not big enough for a semi or truck with a trailer unless you park out on the entrance road.
Rating: 3
Text: We checked in very late after calling ahead to let them know, and they held our reservation, so that was good. But everything else was average. The door to our room was open when we got to it, the sheets and washcloths had some stains on them, and the shower had a weird warp in the floor. Nothing else in particular was off, but these few things really made us feel like our stay was a bit lower quality. That being said, it was priced accordingly. You get what you pay for. It was not a bad stay by any means. But if you pay less money, you will sacrifice overall quality.
