La Quinta Inn Cincinnati North
Rating: 5
Text: At 50bucks a night I was pleasantly surprised with this place. Rooms and staff were all great. And a pretty good Continental breakfast. Free WiFi is always a plus for travellers. Only negative was the washroom was pretty old.
Rating: 1
Text: The first room we stayed in was horrible, there was stains, the room stunk like cat pee, there was what looked like a blood spot in the bathtub and it was dirty, there was a pill I found that are little dog could of ate. The beds were small. The second room we had still stunk but at least the bathtub was clean and we had a refrigerator and a microwave. We did not pay extra for the microwave and refrigerator because we had to be close to my grandpa who was having surgery. At least they didn't charge us for the filthy room we first stayed in. They don't even vacuum the floors and definitely not the ones pets have been in so I got hair all over me and there is also things under the bed like chocolate, pills and other trash. 

The breakfast is not good except for the waffles. The staff was very nice and they allow u to bring all kinds of pets. Be careful because people don't pick up after there dogs outside. DO NOT STAY AT THIS La Quinta!!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Adequate room with king size bed. Nice nightstands with bedside lights. Good desk with electric outlets for charging laptop, smartphone, etc. Nice bathroom. Floors heavily stained from pets.  Inadequate dog walking/potty areas.
Rating: 5
Text: It's a clean and affordable hotel. Had an issue with the people next to us and their dog barking. Asked if I could switch rooms and they not only switched us but upgraded us for our troubles. Very nice staff. Really enjoying my stay
Rating: 4
Text: When we arrived this past Wed our room was not the best. I left a review online and the general manager contacted me within hours. I could not believe the customer service this hotel provided. They are amazing. Thank you Jennifer for everything, we even stayed an extra day. We were moved to an upgraded room and enjoyed the rest of our stay. The hotel staff is truly a great team. Everyone is very helpful and accommodating.
