La Quinta Inn & Suites Cincinnati Sharonville
Rating: 4
Text: Location is great because it's right off the main highway and only 10 minutes from the place I need to be. The hotel is under construction so I am pretty sure the rooms are brand new. At least mine was. It's well done, smells new, is very clean, and just overall very nice. Since they are still working on things it's tough to give a critical or even a 5 star review. The lobby is closed and being run out if a conference room and breakfast is in a conference room. But overall it seems this place is heading in a great direction.
Rating: 1
Text: Place is a dump.  We were told lobby was under construction but rooms were new.  NOT!  The room we were given was dark and looked old.  Hotel had no computer for us to print off boarding passes for a flight!!  Elevator must have been 50 years old! We left and went to Holiday Inn.  So much nicer.
Rating: 4
Text: I had a suite room and it was in very good condition. It was roomy and quiet. There was a door between the living room and the bedroom that I could close, which was handy for putting my daughters to sleep. The two people I spoke to were friendly but didn't approach me to say hello. I said hello to them :) the food was good. The hotel is under reno but it was fine - I didn't hear anything and the storage containers were tucked out of the way and tended off appropriately. My suite was clean but very dated; it was obvious patchwork had occurred over the years and the furniture, while clean, was not as comfy as it once was. I knocked a star off for that. Otherwise, great experience. Recommend.
Rating: 1
Text: Update - total disappointment! Made reservation had no mention the fact building was under construction. Amenities listed we’re not available bathroom layout is horrible almost kick the stop getting in the shower for the door multiple times. 

Disappointing! Thin walls that let me listen to my neighbors TV and screaming kids. A wardrobe that is to short to hang my pants up. A shower with horrible water pressure. Rooms are in need of a refresh, very dated feel.  

Positive is a pretty good breakfast. 

Got thru Priceline as a 2-1/2 star and more like a 2 at best.
Rating: 5
Text: Great stay.  Very clean and comfortable rooms.  Very friendly staff.  Conveniently located and near a very cute neighborhood.
