La Quinta Inn & Suites Bannockburn-Deerfield
Rating: 4
Text: This was a nice area with lots of trees. Some of the restaurants and shops close earlier, and aren't everywhere like when you get close to the city, but we didn't mind. My church group used this venue for a weekend retreat.  The rooms were nice looking and bigger than expected, but the mattresses probably need to be replaced. Maybe or room just had very soft ones. It wasn't a big issue for me. 
   The reason they are losing a star is for the unfriendly and unhelpful gentleman that runs the bar area where they have a coffee machine and serve breakfast. The continental breakfast is vey basic and a little cheap, but certainly fills your belly, and my waffle came out quite tasty! 
   Parking is a little sparse near the main entrance, unless you can use handicap parking.
Rating: 5
Text: Great service. Big room. There's a free shuttle that takes you wherever you want to go in the surrounding area like restaurants and shopping. Comfy bed. Very clean. Accommodating staff. Hot breakfast (eggs, tater tots, oatmeal, belgian waffles, plus cereal, toast, bagels, muffins, yogurt and fruit). Good drink options (fruit infused water, orange juice, coffee). Location kinda out there in the suburbs. Not near the city. Not much if anything (except trinity university) in walking distance. All around great, peaceful experience with good service.
Rating: 1
Text: As we walked to registered it smelled really bad didn't even check and looked at our skin color and said it was all booked. Thank you went to a better hotel and was treated with respect. Your response says it all very sad that on some sites you had offers of $99 a night wish I had screen shots. The rooms that you had available and $129 a night didn't even check when you already had the response "no rooms available"  no need for you to reply just a quick lesson. " Never judge a person by an appearance"  I'm pretty sure my money wasn't missed. very sad service
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing hotel!!! We were there for two weeks. The staff is VERY pleasant and accommodating. The manager helped us out in an iffy situation!!! She made it so we were happy. At this hotel heated pool MEANS heated pool. The temp was perfect and the hot tub was awesome and much appreciated after work. Would recommend and would definitely stay here anytime we are in the area!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Very spacious... Loved the couch gold out bed. Great continental breakfast, service, and quiet rooms for sleeping.
