La Quinta Inn & Suites O'Fallon, IL - St. Louis
Rating: 4
Text: We stopped here for the night after a long bit of driving and were pleasantly surprised. The woman working the front desk was extremely kind and helpful. (Vicki I believe her name was). Room was clean and bed was comfy. As of writing this they are also pet friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: They were super pet friendly and didn't charge us extra for our cat. The rooms were really clean and the beds and pillows were very comfortable! Breakfast was quick and delicious and the attendant was very nice. I will definitely choose la Quinta any time I can. They are an amazing hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: Debra at the front desk is horribly rude and did not accommodate well for paying guests. A group of mine came a little early and wanted to wait and work in the lobby before check in. Debra said that we were not allowed to wait in the lobby because "we would be in the way of the cleaning crew" and instead suggested we drive down the street to work at the local Panera instead. It seems that in her opinion, we are not guests until we check in at 3. She was not helpful, very sassy, and it seems that she needs a lesson in what service truly means. My suggestion would have been to clear off a table and to work AROUND the paying guests, no matter how inconvenient that may seem. Disappointed and looking forward to hearing from her supervisor.
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms look great and the staff was very friendly. The only issue was a cable box that didn't work and we requested a fix but no one did that day after agreeing to do so. After I told the attendant my story the next day, she came up immediately, resolved the issue and said she would lower our rate for the inconvenience. Very satisfied.
Rating: 4
Text: Overall experience was good. Rooms were clean and in good order. Bed was very comfy and so were pillows. Good nights sleep. Breakfast was very good as was coffee. I liked best: comfy beds, and very friendly and helpful staff. Could use improvement: the pool oder when you first walk in. We put the air on which helped and in time we didn't notice it.
Thank you for a nice visit.
