La Quinta Inn & Suites Salina
Rating: 2
Text: Needed an inexpensive pet-friendly hotel for 1 night while driving through Kansas. The pictures and reviews seemed good enough. The hotel wasn't the cleanest, room included. Smelled dusty. All of our pillows were feather (we could tell by feeling them, plus feathers were coming out) and I have a kid who's allergic so I tried calling the front desk but the phone didn't work. So i went down to the lobby to ask for 1 non-feather pillow. I was told, "We don't have feather pillows," to which I replied yes, you do. We actually went back and forth a couple of times until she went to the bedding storage and told me I was right, she did see feather pillows in there! And gave me a regular pillow. I didn't mind having to come down to get one but didn't like that she argued with me over it. Anyway, the breakfast was included and was pretty good, but we won't be back.
Rating: 3
Text:  The rooms were fine.  The first floor had a fair number of cats and dogs. The pool was small but the kids still enjoyed it. My kids loved the breakfast. It was better than most.
Rating: 1
Text: Upon arrival, was greeted at entrance of hotel by the continual blowing of dirt from semi's parking at the business next door. Front door not automatic, so you have to struggle to get doors open when one of them says "Do Not Open." What? I struggled on in with my luggage and said to FD clerk, "not very user friendly doors" and got a dirty look and an "Okaaay." She then went on to get irritated with me when I would not say my name out loud (single female traveling alone) in front of a group of male bikers and handed her my ID and Debit Card instead. I am an Elite member which means free bottled water and a snack at check-in. It was 102 degrees out, so I asked for just a cold bottle of water with no snack, and was given the rude answer of "We don't show you are even an Elite status." I have been for years. So, rather than argue in front of everyone, I asked for my keys and left FD with the intention of settling matter later. Very old hotel. Borderline dump. AC could not keep up with outdoor heat and sounded like it was going to explode with every cycle change. Carpets filthy. Towels scratchy. Strong smell of cologne/room freshener in room that was invasive. Dog barking next door that sounded like it was in my room, walls are so thin. I do not eat the breakfast, but grab plates, silverware, napkins, etc. for my dinner. When grabbing a few things, the FD clerk who treated me disrespectfully earlier, watched me like a hawk. I then asked if I could get the cold bottle of water. She grudgingly pointed to the cooler and again watched me like a hawk while I was taking it out. I believe this is an overpriced La Quinta for what is offered in the way of luxury (none) and the feeling of a comfortable retreat from travel (does not have it). This could have been compensated for in the way of friendliness and professionalism by the FD agent. But I was made to feel like an unwelcome thief. I will not stay again, and may write Corporate a letter of complaint.
Rating: 4
Text: La Quinta Inn & Suites are my favorite places to stay because they allow my dogs for free. This one has been recently updated with very nice updates. The rooms are clean. The pool was nice and want not too cold. Breakfast had a lot of choices and was delicious.
Rating: 5
Text: The was easy to locate. It was clean inside and outside. The breakfast choice were fair. Employee's were very kind. Experience was good
