La Quinta Inn & Suites Columbus - Edinburgh
Rating: 5
Text: A conveniently located hotel just off the highway, surrounded by restaurants (a few are even within walking distance). The hotel seems relatively updated, everything was very clean, and the staff were extremely friendly. My room was above average in finishes, and comfortable. There's a indoor pool and a little convenience store too. Over all a pleasant experience.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a nice, clean hotel with very accommodating front desk staff. We checked in one night early for our stay on a short notice,  and they put us in an executive suite which we loved and ended up staying in even though we hadn't booked that type of room for our original stay. The pool and hot tub were very nice!
Rating: 5
Text: The beds are PHENOMENAL. The shower curtains are on a curved rod, which is great so the curtain doesn't touch you. Plus the water pressure is amazing!
Indoor pool on 1st floor.
Ice machine on the 2nd floor.
Guest laundry is on 3rd floor.
ETA: they do have a free continental breakfast, but they stop restocking food and beverages in the last hour.
Rating: 3
Text: Very clean and a nice breakfast, but this is the second time we have stayed there and the hot tub has been broken both times(very disappointing). Also they have the most uncomfortable pillows I have ever slept on. We will probably try somewhere else next time
Rating: 1
Text: I tried to book 7 to 8 rooms for our travel basketball team and they were not obliged to give us a group rate. I stopped by to inquire about rooms and the receptionist let us look at a few rooms to see if they would fit our needs. Unable to give us a group rate herself, she requested I call the next morning. I left my information for the manager to call me first thing in the morning. After not receiving a call  I gave them a ring. I was told there is no reduced rate available for us. We have been getting reduced rates for years everywhere we go. That is standard. Although the hotel is nice and we would have loved to make this hotel a home for us the 3 or 4 times a year we are in the area we will pass. Not working with us has cost this hotel a steady client bringing them in $3,000 to $4000 per year.
