La Quinta Inn Merrillville
Rating: 2
Text: Needs a little more updated far as bathroom. BREAKFAST WAS HORRIBLE!! No scrambled eggs, no meat, waffle/pancakes mix was watery. My daughter said they need some whipped cream. Beds are the  only GOOD thing about this place and of course the price. Thank god it was for one night ?.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is beyond great! We stopped just for a night.... Their "Continental" breakfast is crazy good. Make your own pancakes and waffles.... Staff is SUPER friendly... Rooms affordable and clean!!! Will definitely come back!!!!!
Rating: 3
Text: Bathroom had dirt and garbage on the floor, and cigarette burns on the sink and bathtub but the staff was accommodating the bed was decent. Wouldn't come back though. They only got a 3 star because the staff was nice. I can't handle a dirty bathroom. It made me question the cleanliness of the rest of the room.
Rating: 3
Text: I stayed at this hotel for 2 days while scouting out the area for move-in ready apts.  Here's a rundown of some points that could be important to you as a guest:

Cleanliness:  The room was generally clean, though the bathroom had indications of mold damage and subsequent mitigation.  The linen and towels were clean and smelled the same and were in good condition.  The floor looked worn but was free of debris.  The fridge and coffee maker were also quite clean.

Staff:  The staff was quite friendly and the highlight of the stay.  They helped point me in the right direction in looking for places in the area and were helpful whenever I had a room request.  

Amenities:  The hotel does have an exercise room, a decent breakfast spread (think boiled eggs, yogurt, muffins, bagels, waffles and pancakes), and outdoor pool (seasonally available, of course) and quite a few entrances so you can park your vehicle close to your room.  Some rooms (like mine) came with a fridge and microwave.

Premises:  The hotel is next to I-65 & Rte 30, so road noise can get a bit loud.  The air conditioning unit passes through the exterior wall so all that noise comes in through it.  In addition, the window is not very soundproof, so you can hear quite a bit of road noise.  There is a hospital nearby so I also heard sirens intermittently during the night. Anecdotally, some people decided to have a party right outside my window from 8pm - 2am and were obnoxious.  They drank excessively, threw bottles into the nearby wooded area, and decided to use the restroom outside despite being within 100ft of their room.  The second night I stayed I had a chatty guest decide to talk to everyone in the hall and let their pet run through the hallway until 1:30am.  Unfortunately the staff couldn't do anything about the unruly guests.

Finally, I'd like to add that the area around this hotel is a bit seedy.  There are a number of 2 star hotels in the area and a vacant gravel lot nearby.  This can't be helped by the hotel, but during my stay I was concerned my vehicle would be broken into or vandalized.  In the end nothing happened so take it for what it's worth.
Rating: 3
Text: Not bad for a one night stay. Wouldn't recommend long stay here. Breakfast needs improvement
