La Quinta Inn & Suites Kansas City Airport
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and comfortable. Staff was efficient and super friendly. Room was immaculate, bed was comfortable, towels were fluffy.  Breakfast biscuits and gravy were excellent, eggs left a little to be desired. All in all, would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: Great staff at the front desk!!!  Guy was kind, friendly and offered great advice on local area for dining and things to do to make the evening go fast.  Hotel itself is older but give it to La Quinta for trying to update.  Rooms are average sized with new paint, furniture, etc but looks like it's being done as cheaply as possible.  Paint chipping from all doors, headboards above beds are faux-leather and cracking badly, carpet is starting to come apart.  For the price definitely expected more.
Rating: 5
Text: Staying in Room 115 last night and after over a month on the road, new hotels every night, this was BY FAR the friendliest, most comfortable, CLEAN hotel yet.  From California, hit most every state.  Believe me, once on their Beauty Rest mattress, I was so comfy I just wanted to STAY there!  When I got home, I called to find out more about the mattress, to buy one!  Our Maltese dog was welcomed & no fee.  Definately will stay there again.  Good rates, great breakfast & very friendly professional staff!
Rating: 3
Text: There was nothing that stood out about the hotel. The halls were pretty gross. The front desk person was really only interested in the television. The room looked nice but when I went to the take a shower someone's underwear was hanging up.
Rating: 2
Text: The 1st room I had the floor slooped down leaving a huge gap under the door, the room had a mold smell to it as well as a paint smell. The second room did not smell of mold but still had a small oder, enough I was glad I was on third floor so I slept with the window open. The breakfast was just so so and if you didn't get the sausage from the bottom of pan the sausage was luke warm. 
The night staff however was great.
