La Quinta Inn & Suites Indianapolis South
Rating: 3
Text: Hotel and halls needed some TLC but the room was nice enough. Staff were friendly and courteous if a bit too lax in professionalism for my tastes. Bedding was stained but not enough to make me leave and rooms needed a good vacuum but bathroom was clean. Walls were thin and I was right by the elevator so it was loud at times but nothing some background music couldn't handle. All in all an ok hotel for a short trip but not for anyone super picky.
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel doesn't look like a whole lot from the outside, or for that matter, anything past the front desk and terms of the hallways, But the rooms have got it where it counts. This hotel looks like they're trying to refurbish everything, but they're doing it step-by-step starting with the rooms. The room itself was roomy, I had a two bed room, with a decent bathroom shower combo, it was freshly painted and freshly appointed with new furniture and linens throughout.
Rating: 4
Text: Banquet hall rented for event. Friendly staff. Professional service and clean facility overall. I would recommend to friends and family. Close to highway and downtown many route options too!
Rating: 3
Text: Convenient location by the highway, room was clean and decent, has a gym and pool and decent breakfast. Pet friendly too. Reasonable price. Luggage carts and plenty of parking. Downside is the beds to me are too bouncy/soft/squeaky. I prefer a firmer bed but it was ok.
Rating: 2
Text: Love this hotel have stayed her 3 separate times but hate either getting woke up/ or being in the shower and having a housekeeper (and the same one every time) bang on the door saying she is the front desk just to ask if I was leaving. She always came from 9:00am-10:00am. We have till noon to check out. I don’t need to be rushed out. When I said something to the front desk when I checked out he had no idea what I was talking about and looked at me like I was stupid. This really needs to be taken care of!
