La Quinta Inn & Suites Indianapolis Downtown
Rating: 3
Text: The lobby was nice, but the rooms seemed like they had attempted to update them using the cheapest contractor they could find. Not quality work at all. There is very limited parking at the main building and if your car is larger than a Geo metro, it will be hard to maneuver around the garage. There is a secondary garage less than a block away. The hotel staff were nice. Would not stay there again.
Rating: 3
Text: They are currently remodeling the outside of the building so it was hard to find without the signage. Other than that the hotel was decent. Very close to everything downtown. Rooms were adequate and rooms were quiet enough. I would also caution that the parking lot is fairly small. We were able to get a space, but I imagine there's a lot fewer spaces than rooms so depending on how full the hotel is you might have to find another parking structure and walk your bags over. Of course there are nicer places in downtown Indy, but they are a lot more expensive. For the money, this is a great deal.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location!!! Very easy to walk to most everything downtown. They are under construction so it doesn't look like the Ritz at the moment. Parking is limited. Vending machines broken and empty on some floors. Besides that overall a good place to stay for price and location!! Staff was friendly.
Rating: 3
Text: Close enough to walk to downtown attractions but we did get an uber twice... however it was only $5. Convenient FREE PARKING!! The first room we had the bathroom vent fan didn't work and the ac fan wouldn't stay on. However when I called down to the desk at 330 am the gentleman was very nice and upgraded us to a suite for no additional charge. Breakfast was good. We would definitely stay there again. Nothing overly fancy obviously but for what we needed: cheap, clean, safe place to rest our heads... it was great. 
Rating: 2
Text: Don't leave your tablet behind at this location. They won't send it to you unless you pay for shipping (not a big deal) and file a police report after they lie and say they sent it but don't. They say they gave it to shipper and it's off their hands. Amazing how once you call corporate and police involved it miraculously ends up still at the hotel and shipped the very next day! Otherwise it served its purpose. Mediocre cheap place to crash near city center.
