La Quinta Inn & Suites Columbia
Rating: 5
Text: Really outstanding experience from start to finish. Loved the no charge for our dog. Staff was amazing. Our ADA room was super nice. The breakfast choices were a little limited, but acceptable for most folks that want to just get up and go. La Quinta is in first place with us.
Rating: 4
Text: It was a great price for a hotel room. It wasn't a bad room at all. There was a slight smell in the room and bathroom that you got used to after awhile. They could have used an air freshener. The bed was comfy. The breakfast had waffles, eggs, bagels, toast, muffins and cereal. I wish the eggs were prepped in a different way, rather than only simply hard boiled. The attendants were friendly. The complaints I have are: it's a big parking lot but the spaces are a little cramped. Especially when there are many moving trucks taking up multiple spaces and the occasional double parked person who doesn't know how to park. The other thing is the front ramp leading in to the front door could get slick when wet. I didn't slip but I almost did. A mat would be nice.
Rating: 1
Text: Possibly the worst La Quinta in the nation, but compared to La Quinta Cheyenne, it's really hard to say--one is as bad as the other. The dirty and smelly carpet, especially in the corridor, needed ripping up. The hallways are narrow and poorly lit, the "breakfast" is proper rubbish, and the rooms (at least ours) are smelly and musty. Our toilet needed a new flapper valve, so when the tank would drain past the float, it would whine loudly and fill up again, every 4-5 minutes, all night. We told staff, but it was Saturday night, and we had also hauled in our luggage and cat and litter box and all, and lived with the water whine rather than change rooms. Then the shower valve was stuck so badly that I finally had to climb into the shower to grab the valve and pull it out, believing I might break it. 

To say that the hotel needs maintenance is to kid oneself. It needs burning down and rebuilding. Paying $100 for the room is paying $100 too much.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel staff was Fantastic!!!! Bill the maintainer supervisor was so nice and friendly and was more than willing to help me with the things wrong with my room (me not being able to turn on the TV or know how to turn on the shower). There was a gentleman named Chuck at the front desk. He was every where at once running between the front desk and the breakfast area. Such a nice and happy boy! Even when customers were lining up he helped each person calmly and met everyone with a smile even a couple of times with a phone in his ear while helping someone else. I also met one of the house keepers her name was Jasmine so nice and willing to give me more clean sheets and towels she was even willing to bring them up herself.The rooms were cleaner than any other La Quinta I have stayed at. The hotel and stay was fantastic and I'll be back for sure!
Rating: 4
Text: Attentive desk staff. Affordable room. The room was well appointed but dated in appearance. Overall a good hotel to stay at.
