La Quinta Inn Omaha Southwest
Rating: 2
Text: The only positive about this hotel is the front desk staff. Very courteous and helpful, they listened to our concerns and tried to rectify as best they could. The gal at the front desk when we checked out actually wrote down my concerns so she could address them and showed she was listening, which I very much appreciated. I could easily give the front desk staff 5 stars. 

Otherwise, the hotel itself is kind of grungy. We needed a pet friendly hotel, and didn't want to pay an arm and a leg. Overall the hotel has an odd smell, there's no elevator to cart all your belongings up the stairs (luckily it's only 1 flight of stairs) and our room was not particularly clean. When we got to our room there used dental floss on the floor, dirty towels hung in the bathroom (like half a woman's face of makeup on it), & some unknown muck in the shower. We were too exhausted from an 8 hr drive with stressed kitties to try to find a different hotel, so we made it work. If you're in a bind and need something to accommodate your pets, this will work in a pinch. 
Rating: 5
Text: This was actually my second time staying at the La Quinta Inn Southwest. The first time I was traveling with my father over the summer so I didn't notice much about many of the processes. This time was a two day one night trip to spend with my husband, and kids at the zoo among other things in Omaha. I was greeted warmly by the desk clerk who checked me in expediently while also signing me up for their rewards program. Our dog even received a welcome treat. The room was clean, and comfortable. The background themes for the tv screensaver worked wonders for helping my toddlers feel at home for bed as it mimicked closely their noise machine from their room. The breakfast room is slightly cramped if a lot of people are getting in, and out. But that is a relatively small inconvenience considering the rest of our stay was fantastic. The location is also only 15 minutes away from the zoo, and many other attractions.
Rating: 3
Text: La Quinta is my preferred hotel chain. This one is showing it's age. Staff are wonderful people. The breakfast facility is very good
Rating: 2
Text: Not bad for the price.. Food is awful.. When it's checkout time you'll have until 10 before everyone they can think of wants in the room.
Rating: 3
Text: This place has some long term guests.  There are a glut of hotels in this area forcing cheaper prices which dictates clientele.  If you are passing through you might be better served with another location.   If you have to stay at a La Quinta...find another one.
