La Quinta Inn & Suites Olathe
Rating: 4
Text: We checked in at 10:15 pm. The young lady at the desk was helpful and friendly. We also last minute needed to request a baby bed and she brought it right down. The room was big enough and beds pretty comfortable and clean. Would stay here again.  -family of 4
Rating: 4
Text: Overall we had a good experience at this hotel. Was nice to get a ground level room and not have to deal with the elevator. The hotel was clean, and everything was in good working order.

The outside configuration of the hotel is different. There is a long walk to the front door, the parking is on the side and back. However, after getting checked in we were able to use the key card for the back door to bring our stuff in, which also goes to the lobby. Their luggage carts are short and small.

When we were here in June the pool was very cold and the water was a little murky. Due to that we did not visit the pool more than once while we stayed here.

The hide a bed was comfortable for my daughter, but we had to go ask for bedding from the front desk for the hide a bed - it was not provided in the room. The hide a bed is twin sized.
Rating: 3
Text: Won't stay again for the price we were charged. The lobby was nice and clean. Check in was fast and friendly. Room smelled like mold. Stain on both sides of the corner chair. Stayed 2 nights, to be closer to my dad who's at the Olathe hospice house. When we returned Friday night the only thing housekeeping had done was give us two fresh towels. They didn't restock our cups, or give me more coffee. I was so emotionally drained and didn't contact front desk for the missing items. We checked out the next day and found a different hotel. I would recommend this hotel offer a discount for family members who have family in any of the Olathe medical facility. 
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here for the weekend, and have quite enjoyed it. The rooms seem recently updated, and are very nice. Our king bed was very comfortable. The staff is friendly, the breakfast was surprisingly good, and I would definitely recommend staying here.
Rating: 5
Text: The conference room was really nice! Very well lit and all acomodations where met.
