La Quinta Inn & Suites Dayton North - Tipp City
Rating: 3
Text: The good news- Undergoing refurbishing so hopefully these problems will be fixed.  The wall unit A/C screeched all night, hallway smelled like stale smoke. On the other hand, the pool and hot tub were clean and warm. Breakfast was the typical "hotel waffles," cereal. The coffee was HOT and good.  If under $75, do it!
Rating: 4
Text: Nice, clean, friendly. My only complaint was the rooms were a little outdated. Pet friendly ad easy to get to.
Rating: 2
Text: I don't know why there are so many decent reviews for this place. Very dated rooms, hard bed and could feel springs. Room was really smelly (like wet dogs) and carpet felt damp. Toilet wouldn't flush either and solution was just to bring us a plunger to keep in our room
Rating: 3
Text: I liked the price and the place was adequate. Hot shower, bed, and a continental breakfast were all just adequate.  Their parking lot is spacious and well manicured.   It is located close to everything.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is a BAD joke. First the room was in terrible shape. Broken chair, broken phone, Internet was not working, stains of the sheets I had to have replaced, TV issues, and FILTHY carpets. My grandson spilled some juice on the floor so I took a white hand towel from the bathroom and wiped the area. The towel came up solid BLACK~! Breakfast was supposed to be until 10:00 am but we got there at 9:18 and there were no biscuits for the pot of gravy and they said there were no more to come~! Then there were only pastries and cold cereal. Oh and waffles. We witnessed several workers with bad attitudes and semi rudeness. I think they are overworked and short staffed. The hot tub in the room I got my daughter was dirty around the drain. But here is the kicker, on our second day, a hotel employee called me up on my cell and was very rude telling me to get out of my room~! I was shocked and bewildered because I had paid for both our rooms for the two days already. We were not to check out until the next day. We were at a museum with family & friends and I had tons of people around me. I tried asking what she was talking about and she went on getting really nasty with me after I told her repeatedly I had already paid for our entire stay. This went on for 10 mins~! Finally after telling her that I had proof on my card statement online that they had already charged me for them and that she better check with the girl working the day before she called a paying guest up jumping on them for not being out of a PAID room at 1:30 pm. She was still yelling at me at this point. I had to repeat to her at least 3 times that I paid for one room and then the girl ran my card a second time for the other room. Finally she relented seeing the same card was ran a second time. But no apology or anything for embarrassing me to death in front of tons of people and talking to me like I was crap on the bottom of her shoe, plus ruining my day~! She just said there was a glitch and these things happen. Are you kidding me? Then a manager was supposed to contact me about it and they never did and when I called back to the desk I was told she went home to SLEEP and they could not contact her at this time. It was 7:00 pm~! And of course Corporate is closed on weekends~! So literally no one at this hotel gives a damn how the guests get treated. I highly recommend the Quality Inn brand hotels up the street over this place. Same price range & amenities~! And they treat you well~!
