La Quinta Inn Detroit Southgate
Rating: 1
Text: Booked it on line on my way to Canada, it looks nice from the outside but it is something else from the inside. The staff were nice but the place is on its way to be a cheep motel. 
Rooms are not clean I had a rash on my face for 2 days after I left.  It he carpet in the room has so many different colors on it. You should have house shoes to walk in the room.
Rating: 1
Text: Sorry to say this stay was a disappointment. Our first room smelled like cigarette smoke. We were quickly given another room that did not smell as bad as the first. This is supposed to be a smoke free Hotel but I could smell the smoke throughout the hotel. There were stains on the carpet and dirt on the walls. I don't know who thinks that this hotel is clean. I had a hard time sleeping smelling the smoke odor and thinking about possible bed bugs. For breakfast they did have boiled eggs but for the first time I experienced that the eggs still were in the shell. Overall I am going to have to find a better way to look for truth in these reviews.
Rating: 3
Text: The location was great since it was just off the freeway. The room was okay but a little older room with stains on the carpet. I like that it had a microwave and fridge.
Rating: 4
Text: Good customer service and clean rooms. The only thing is the entire hotel reeks of smoke. It's horrible smell.
Rating: 4
Text: This motel is conveniently located 1/4 mile of I 75 in Southgate Mi, Plenty of fast food joints nearby, couple of nice restaurants with full service bars on them. Also, within a couple of miles in any direction there are several sit down (eat in) restaurants. 
There is easy access to the motel with ample parking for both handicap and regular spots. 
The lobby is nice and clean with friendly staff and a separate room for group meetings and complimentary breakfast. 
The room was clean and up too date with new chairs and desk with all the electronic hookups your heart could desire.
For$85 a night it was well worth it. This is on Northline right off of I- 75 in Southgate Mi.
Rick Thornton
