La Quinta Inn Chicago Willowbrook
Rating: 4
Text: All rooms have a mini fridge and microwave. We noticed dark particles covering the air flow directional blades of the air conditioning system. We reported it and asked to be moved to another room. They accommodated us within three minutes. Our next room had no issues. We enjoyed our two night stay.
Rating: 2
Text: The Breakfast was lite no hot items,  no Eggs or Sausages like most La Quinta we stay at. We have be with La Quinta for  5 Years now,  the rating is getting worse.  The rooms are clean the Hall way smelled
of Cigarettes smoke and states that it is not Permitted in any part of the Hotel, Guests who want to Smoke must use the Designated areas outside the Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: Was a pretty good stay we were there for 2 days, my only complaint was there was hair on the sheets when we checked in. They had amazing customer service though.
Rating: 1
Text: Housekeepers were friendly and very helpful.  However, my room was bracketed by people who had dogs. Those guest left the hotel and the dogs went wild every time somebody walked past their room.  The front desk would only say "we are a dog friendly hotel", And offered to move me, adding that there was no guarantee that I wouldn't have another dog near my room in the entire hotel.
I let the issue go because it was mid afternoon. But I was working at night, sleeping during the day. Won't be back here. Other LQ properties have designated areas / floors for pets, beware at this place. 
No manager available to speak with at time of complaint......so much for status at this property!  Time to go back to Hampton.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed here on a trip from NY to CA. The front desk staff was incredibly friendly and welcoming. They even had treats for my dog! The hotel was definitely dated and could use a face lift, but the room was spotless and the bed was very comfortable. There was a little bit of a smoke smell in the elevator and hallway, but the room was fine. Would definitely stay again if the circumstances required it.
