La Quinta Inn Cleveland Independence
Rating: 5
Text: It was outstanding! Great room, comfortable bed! Good nights sleep. Quite location. Personable staff! Complimentary breakfast. No morning newspaper! But that's no deal breaker; my stay was great!
Rating: 3
Text: This was a room booked by someone else in my company as this was a corporate trip. Our room was on the first floor near the lobby as it was a room that was listed ADA accessible. The room was clean and the front staff was nice, but the hotel was very loud in the morning. There was a dog barking in the hallway at one point and I thought someone was opening my door constantly as the walls were so thin the other doors opening sounded like ours. The Continental breakfast was okay. The only non-carb options were yogurt and fruit. Overall, it suited my need for a clean place to sleep, but it wasn't anything great.
Rating: 3
Text: You get what you pay for.  The price was right.    Staff was decent.  Building was old.  Rooms were large.  Carpet in room has been changed.  Carpet in hallways..gross.  There is smoking allowed...forgot how terrible that used to be.  And they allow animals.  None of that really bothered me...except for the smoking part.  More than a couple escorts working out of there, so I probably wouldn't bring the kids.  But for a stop over was worth what I paid for it.
Rating: 3
Text: Guest service was very nice and friendly. We reserved a room and were given a smoking room even though we were told by the website that it was a non smoking room. We were there for a U2 concert and everything was sold out. They were very apologetic but there was nothing we could do. We thought maybe we would get a discount but didn't. Breakfast was small but free. The bed was comfortable. I'd give it a 7 out of 10 for cleanliness.
Rating: 2
Text: Normally I don't have a problem going to this as it has been my go-to place. My most recent stay the room smelled like it had moisture issues and the pillows were overly fluffy. However considering all the times I've stayed there before I have never had an issue.
