La Quinta Inn & Suites Emporia
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty decent place. I started at this one twice. The first time our room smelled like sewage, the second time everything smelled good. It's nice that there's free breakfast
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent staff, spacious and clean room, comfortable beds, and clean bathroom. Excellent location along I-35. Very satisfied with hotel and room except cigarette smell. Apparently, this room used to be a smoking room. Being a non-smoker, I detected the smell as soon as I opened the room door. Even though entire hotel is smoke-free now, getting rid of cigarette smell from carpet is extremely hard.
Rating: 4
Text: The location isn't hard to find and has a good appearance from the outside. The inside is also very clean and looks really nice! The employees that I encountered were polite and very attentive
Rating: 1
Text: Wish I could give a negative rating worse experience of my life was there for the weekend and the first room smelled like nothing but mil dew so they moved us but not without being very rude about it. Then in our next room was barely cleaned the shower was filthy the toilet seat was broken and the AC hardly worked. The next day when we left for the day and came back the hallways smelled like sewage which followed into my room. The following Monday asked to speak with the manager to notify her she got a attitude with me and straight walked away before I could say anything. WORSE EXPERIENCE EVER
Rating: 2
Text: Although it's clear that they've been updating an older building which is nice, we were disappointed in the lack of attention to detail as well as by the amount of water that leaked through our window and puddled in our room.  Because the house phone didn't work we went to the front desk to inform them of the problem and were sent back with towels to put on the floor.  We had problems with our tv & couldn't get it to work and we weren't able to get any help with that so we just went to sleep since we'd had a hard day on the road. 
We wanted to pay cash but they wouldn't accept it in the evening when we checked in but in the morning the computer system was down so we couldn't even get a receipt much less pay cash then for the room.  The manager wasn't on site and the staff seemed at a complete loss.  I was so put off by the room and the clear lack of concern by the employees that I even took pictures which I've never felt the need to do before.  All in all, I'd say try another hotel.  (Heads up though - the Quality Inn next door has the same general manager so I would have to question it's upkeep as well.)
