Lafayette Inn
Rating: 5
Text: We were there a few years back. It was a great place to lay our bodies down and the staff was very accommodating.
Rating: 4
Text: Had a wonderful stay here and my first lesbian experience... the staff was great and the food was good.. so I left the kitchen staff pull a train on me. I will definitely come back Denise Durfee.
Rating: 1
Text: Have tried for two days to contact both of two telephone numbers in order to make a reservation. All different times. Cannot get any body to answer telephone. If you want business you should answer the telephone or at the very least have an answering machine to record a message. Come into the 21st century.
Rating: 1
Text: Nasty
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed overnight at the Lafayette Inn recently and were really disappointed. We'd called ahead to ask if they had a pack and play for our baby to sleep in. Maybe I should've wondered why no one ever answered the phone at the front desk, but eventually my call was returned and they assured me that they had a pack and play that would be waiting for us when we arrived. When we got there, there was no pack and play, but a pull-out bed, useless for our baby son. After a nighttime scavenger hunt to find the manager, who told me she didn't think they had a portable crib, we hunted through both houses and found an ancient portacrib with no bedding. They also didn't have a booster chair or high chair anywhere on the premises. If they'd just told us, we could've brought our own. 

Our room was very interesting, with an inexplicable bank of interior curtainless windows that let in plenty of light from the hallway all night. One of our lamps was burnt out, with the burnt-out lightbulb laying morosely next to it when we arrived, and the toilet leaked onto the bathroom floor. The walls were thin enough that the baby woke up every time a door closed in the house. It was also quite cold in our room all night. The only good thing I can say about the paltry breakfast provided is that the bread and muffins that were the main course were actually pretty tasty. I hear that the place used to be a lot better, before it was bought and renamed, but for us, this is a new low by which other lodgings will be measured. 
