Lake Hills Motel
Rating: 5
Text: The view was very pretty, the people were nice, and the room was very roomy and comfy.  The beds were sooo comfortable, and the tub was a jacuzzi tub.  I loved it. :-)  They have laundry service, there's a BBQ place within walking distance, and the countryside is gorgeous.  The pool was nice and well maintained.  It was cheaper than other hotels I've stayed in, and a lot nicer than most.  I've seen a few bad reviews, and I asked about them.  It seems there were some former employees that were a bit disgruntled and took it out on the web.  No biggie, this place is down-home, laid back nice. :-)
Rating: 4
Text: It was very clean wonderful bedding good outside pool. Wish they would have had a coffee pot breakfast was donuts my husband is a diabetic so no food he could eat but good price for a clean room.
Rating: 1
Text: The owner lives hours away ,doesn't pay for  the work done,then says that one employee is trying to take credit for another person's work..The owner goes through the manager for all things ,won't talk professional and threatens to arrest if call to handle as adults,all that is wanted is what the work was done then she can end up losing it all because she trust people she shouldn't and questions people who are real, honest ,great workers integerity...Not my opinion of a business, or owner or management. .which should be checked into as well..She doesn't see everything. .She blames of getting scammed but she has cameras she should really watch closer on who is there and what they do...it has a possibility of being a nice little hotel but not the unprofessional way it's done..strictly my perspective and opinion. .
Rating: 1
Text: My sister & I & a couple of grandkids stayed here last year(4th-2016). We felt like this was a real home away from home. This year, I stayed here with a friend and it was horrible! No closet, no pole to hang clothes on, no drawers to put clothes in. The toilet seat broke the first night so told them the next morning still wasn't fixed when we left 2 days later. Can't justify coming back next year. Sorry.
Rating: 5
Text: Great motel awesome clean rooms with down comforters, pool is nice and clean, they go out of their way to give you the service you need. We go fishing at a spot that is 2 minutes away. there have been several disgruntled employees leaving bad reviews on here as you can tell from the hateful speech they put in their reviews, ignore those they are complete nonsense.
