Lakeview Resort
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed here this weekend with my In Laws and extended family who love to fish.  My kids and cousins enjoyed fishing and playing at the playground and pool.  I was somewhat disappointed with the cabins we stayed in.  I understand we were right by the lake, but the many cobwebs and bugs appeared that our room had not been cleaned in awhile. The bedroom furniture and was outdated.  We did have a flat screen TV in the living room. Our other family who stayed in a different cabin had an stainless steel refrigerator  I did see on their leaflet that some other rooms were a little bit more updated , would be willing to return; however, ask for an updated room.
Rating: 5
Text: Lots to do. Friendly staff. Loved the indoor and outdoor pool, as well as the swimming docks to the lake. Nice cabin, though it was a little "worn".  Everything within walking distance even from the furthest cabin like we were in.(map is not to scale). Over all great resort!
Rating: 2
Text: Spent 2 nights there this weekend in a 3 bedroom 2 bath house. First time I had stayed here. Had a good view of the lake, it was quiet,  and check in and out was easy.  That's all the good things.  Our house looked like it hadn't been cleaned in awhile cobwebs and spiders in the corners. Cobwebs on the tv.  It's the lake so I expect a few bugs to get in the house but  the mosquito' s were horrible and were all over the house.  Not sure how they were getting in.  We were forced to buy bug spray just so we could sit in the living room with the lights off.   They need to think about hiring a pesticide company to spray in the house to keep the bugs out for the comfort of their customers.  The hall bathroom didn't have a shower head, just a pipe sticking out of the wall.  The bathtubs were dirty also. The grill they state as an amenity was spider infested so we had to get rid of them the best we could so we could grill.  It just wasn't a pleasant stay for me and I doubt I'll stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: The perfect place for the family especially Halloween. So many activities for the children. Best vacation EVER
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place. We go every year. Staff are wonderful! Beautiful
