Lake Monroe Village
Rating: 4
Text: We loved Lake Monroe Village.  The site we had was new, tucked into the woods felt like were way out but we were still really close to everything.  The Labor Day weekend festivities were so much fun. Especially the Riley Kids fundraiser!!! 
   The staff was very helpful and friendly all weekend.  Always greeting u with a smile when u walk in.  but
   Prices were very comparable with other full service sites, actually a little lower per night.  The store prices were a little higher but had a greater selection than most.
    The seasonal/annual campers were very welcoming and friendly.  There are a lot of them!!! We did not run into one person in a bad mood at all.
    The playground was great for the kids, the pool was cold but fun.  The rec hall could use some updating.  
   If u have read previous reviews that were bad i would sugest you ignore them.  We had an absolutely wonderful time here.  Sites are large and spacious.  Staff is amazing and friendly.  We will be returning sooner than later!!
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to relax.  Close to Lake Monroe and Yogi Bear.  Rv sites, primitive camping, cabins, various larger cabins, pool, on-site laundry and convenience store.  Walking trails and very nature conscientious.   Play areas for all ages.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff is very accommodating and friendly. This place is top notch. Sandy runs a tight ship and the place stays really nice because of her diligence. Keep up the good work !
Rating: 3
Text: The RV park was clean and nice but I looked out over a hole filled with old shipping palettes and junk.
Rating: 5
Text: Everything was wonderful!  Super fast wifi, nice site with a shade tree, hiking trails.  Rock hunting, pool with great sound system, nice friendly helpful folks, nice laundry. This place is a dream for kids and adults. One thing that made the campground really nice was their policy that vehicles not camping must Park in their parking lot. Really cuts down on traffic and safer for kids. Thanks, hope to be back next year. Mid week visit in June, very quiet. 
