Lake Bluff Inn & Suites
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT STAY HERE!!  MANAGEMENT AND OWNERS DON’T GIVE A RIP ABOUT THEIR GUESTS!  Let me explain…We booked their nicest room for a weekend getaway.    Our room was about 50 ft away from their fire pit.  At about 1am we awoke to people drinking, laughing, and have a great LOUD time around the firepit.  We laid there awake listening to it all for the next hour.  Finally at about 2am I called the front desk and complained.  She said she would take care of it.  We then watched one of the people around the fire answer a phone call, and within minutes they cleared out.  We found out later that at least one of the people KEEPING GUESTS AWAKE was an EMPLOYEE, and the front manager was absolutely aware of it because all she did was make a phone call.
Needless to say we asked for a 50% refund upon checkout  (which we thought was reasonable given that management was complicit in the whole matter).  They offered 20%.  I said absolutely not.  The manager said she would have to get the owner’s approval.  Two weeks later they finally call me back and offer me 25% off.  What a slap in the face.  They told me they allow non-guests to use the firepit, that it happens a lot and this is their standard discount.  Wow.  Unbelievable.  I told them my only recourse then was to post a negative review online.  Here you go.  I hope we can help at least someone out there avoid the same mistake we made.
Besides poor service, the product is also poor.  The rooms are dank and not clean.  We couldn’t get the fireplace to work.  They haven’t made any updates since the 1990s.  Mattresses felt like something you would purchase from Goodwill.  GROSS!!!
Rating: 2
Text: Pros-Awesome view of Lake Michigan, like it says, up on bluff. You can see the South Haven light house easy. Hot tubs and and pools, large pool for adults and a smaller on for kids. Well maintained grounds, neat and clean appearance. Short bike ride to town/south beach.  Picnic tables just outside your door. 

Cons-Small musty smelling room. Carpet felt soggy and dirty. Subpar secondary lock system on door. Toilet was very short-My wife is only 5'' 2' and she said it seemed short to her. The water heater was tucked back in the corner of our bathroom behind a sheet of paneling and the bathroom and had a faint odor of cat urine.  

This was most likely a exceptionally nice place back in the day. Now it needs a fresh  renovation.  I have always wanted to stay there ever since I knew of the place but until they make some changes I won't be back. 
Rating: 5
Text: A well maintained, family friendly Inn.   My wife and I stayed in a single room, one Queen bed, for about the same price it would have cost me at a local chain hotel off the highway  

PROS:  lovely grounds, well-kept lawn and flowers.  Neat, clean, quiet room, good quality mattress, dark wood trim, fridge, coffee pot, flat panel TV.  Outdoor pool is clean and maintained daily.  Room AC worked well. Everyone was very friendly.  Reminded me of a summer camp.  

The 0830 free breakfast (doors don't open till 0830 sharp so don't even try to get in earlier) is fruit, cereal, pastry, coffee and fruit juice variety - well stocked and free, very nice.  

Location is about a mile down the road from downtown South Haven and it's beaches.  Beautiful Lake view from the grounds. EXCELLENT LOCATION.

CONS: Very limited CELL service, mostly none at all but a room phone is available, I had to drive into town to get a cell signal. The toilet is round and small w/ a  chipped seat, more suited for a child I thought. Please replace the toilet in Room 39.  Same with vanity, half size of a regular vanity but workable.     

And don't forget to check out the Curve Inn a mile east of the Inn on Blue Star Hwy. for the the best burgers and fries you've ever had... 

All things considered I give it a 9 out of 10 and will return to Lake Bluff Inn.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was very clean. Views are amazing. Very Quiet this time of year. Will stay here every time we visit the area.
Rating: 4
Text: View was beautiful. Room clean and nice. Would stay there again.
