Lake Village Hotel and Campground
Rating: 2
Text:  Not handicap,  disability or service dog friendly.  My husband is a disabled vet and we travel with service animals. When we made the reservation we told them about the service animals. They agreed that they could stay there and they agreed that we would get the handicap room for my husband. When we arrive they had given the handicap room to someone else who has no disbality and offered to leave the room for us and offered a second-floor roomful stairs with no elevator  instead. They also started making an issue about the service dog and said things like we will be nice and let them stay with you but we don't allow pets. But they were increasingly invasive about the Service animals and constantly making comments and said it might be best if we left their property and didn't stay there since they are not pet friendly and they do not allow pets. SERVICE ANIMALS are not pets. Our group was also accused of stealing blankets from this location and so they said they would have to deliver blankets if we wanted them as long as we checked them out.  My question is who didn't want a blanket to Sleep when it is in the 30's outside? The very next day we had to leave to get a room at a different hotel which was further away just so we could attend the event that we were there for. And they offered blankets in the room already Just so you know. If you have a disability I would suggest you stay somewhere else. 
Rating: 5
Text: Staff was friendly. Checking in was fast. Rooms were extremely clean. Loved NOT seeing dust and grime ! Hotel.was quiet and very comfortable. We ended up staying two nights. Would stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Ate at the restaurant they have in the hotel, friendly service and good food :)
Rating: 4
Text: Great cheap place to stay with decent rooms wish the bar was still there 
Rating: 5
Text: Great place!!! Loved it here, very friendly staff!!! Close to the lake and they also have campsites with fishing privileges. The cook next door is amazing, especially breakfast! They also have pool tables and good drinks.
