Lake Paradise Resort
Rating: 4
Text: This place is a bit run down now, must have been awesome in it's prime...  Was still great for camping, wonderful views.  It's just the buildings that are a bit dated/run down, campground is still great.

A bit odd, seems some people live here permanently...
Rating: 1
Text: Not what it use to be. Memories of childhood only gives it the second star. This place use to be the hidden resort that was breath taking back in The 80s The lakes the sand beach but now it looks like a trailer park of the past. I returned there after 20 years and feel like the only thing that has changed was the year and the deteration of time and rotting wood. It is now owned by new company and my dreams were crushed when I saw this once beautiful place fall into disrepair. I heard he does not want to fix up because he wants to sell to a developer. Sad this once paradise of my childhood has fallen.
Rating: 1
Text: The photos are misleading on the website. We (3 families) rented the large cabin (for 12) and it was very run down and in bad shape. Cobwebs, dirty appliances (didn't use), broken furniture, flip flops in the shower type bathroom (also didn't use shower) - plus the building itself needed a good renovation-inside and out. We were asked to walk around to the front door and not to use the sliding door to the patio (and it had been blocked shut with a stick), because the Air conditioning was already struggling to keep the cabin cool. Clearly a safety hazzard to block an exit (we removed the stick). It was one night and we really didn't have another option to go somewhere else that late in the day, or else we would have walked and asked for a refund. (#planningfail) Drove around the resort upon leaving and the tent sites had unkempt weeds and the pool was not a good shade of green. Not paradise. We will not be back.
Rating: 2
Text: Their website photos are VERY misleading. We had a site on the lake close to the swimming pool. But it wasn't mowed and there was goose poop everywhere. Definitely over priced! We paid $87 for 2 nights (Friday & Saturday) and for our family of 4 to swim for one day. We drove around the campground and many sites are overgrown and there was junk everywhere.  The  dumpsters were close to full as well.  With a little upkeep this place has the potential to be really nice, and I'm sure this was once a very nice campground, but we will not be returning.
Rating: 4
Text: Here for labor day weekend. Had not been out here in 5 years. It's a good spot to go camping with the family. Yes, I will admit it has gone down hill a bit but it still has potential to be a great campground. The pool was closed due to the massive amounts of rain we have had this summer understandable. Lake water flooded into it causing problems with the pump to the pool anyone who has owned a pool understands rain/lake flooding and pools do not mix. We had no problem with that. Guy at the office is so friendly and nice. I can't give it 5 out of 5 because it's not a 5 star place anymore. Although with some kind of help this place would look and be fantastic. I will admit they need to get rid of all the riff raff living in their RV's here. It's either people who live here should help out with upkeep or move out. I have read a lot of the reviews on here letting people know it has been mowed. Dumpsters were pretty ridiculously full which. I know that trash company not bad mouthing anyone here but sometimes they don't always do their jobs either. Don't know the story to know what's up with them not picking up trash that's besides the point. I can only hope this place get a new make over and it can become a fantastic campground again! We came out to fish, camp, and have a great weekend and that's exactly what is taking place! Thank you Lake Paradise! Hopefully your future looks a lot brighter!
