Lazy K Motel
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome! Very friendly host who went above and beyond to make sure we were comfortable. The motel has lots of vintage touches while being spotlessly clean and very well kept. 

It was priced very reasonably and had picturesque grounds. Easily accessible from the interstate, too. 

We seek out independently owned places to stay and were very pleasantly surprised. Will definitely be staying here again if we pass through the area and wouldn't hesitate to recommend to others. 
Rating: 4
Text: Fantastic price. Nice little place. Well maintained 50's style motel. Pressed sheets. Beautiful huge lawn and garden. Flowers every where. Playground for kids. Even a BBQ grill available for guests. Set back off the road.
Rating: 3
Text: We got a last minute cancellation to be near the total eclipse.  The owner called to offer us the last room in reply to a voice mail I had left.  No frills, a vintage motel room with a clean and comfortable queen bed. The room had a slightly musty smell but otherwise no complaints. ...overall simple and clean. Update...Musty smell didn't go away with air conditioning on, but the bed was comfortable. I did enjoy the Bath& Body Works toiletries too.
Rating: 4
Text: Motel is a little ways off the main highway. Rooms are simple and old school but great for what we were looking for. Rooms have a TV, a fridge, bathroom, and a bed and some chairs and that's all we wanted. Very affordable. Room, bed, linens were all clean. We called the same day and they had one room left. We knew we would get in late and the owners made accommodations so that we could get into the room after hours. We will definitely be staying again if we come through this way in the future. Owners are very nice. Really cute family-owned place.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here last night. The owners are very sweet. They make sure you are comfortable in your room. The room had a log cabin feel to it. It is an older establishment so don't expect all the amenities. If you want a good night's rest in a peaceful environment this is the place to stay.
