Lazy Lane Cabins, Ltd.
Rating: 5
Text: Had a great weekend staying at the Fireside Chalet. Immaculately clean, gorgeous home. Lazy Lane staff was friendly and responsive. Comfortable and spacious inside, nice sized lot with total privacy, big windows with lots of natural light. lovely large outdoor deck. Very much enjoyed using the hot tub - very clean and in good condition. Had one minor issue with the gas burners on stove not lighting fully and the owners were quick to respond and resolve the issue. Only improvement that should be made is to inventory and restock some items in the kitchen. For example, for a cabin that sleeps 6, there weren't even that many sets of standard silverware or bowls, which should be the minimum in a fully equipped kitchen. Not a huge issue, but with not enough to go around at any meal, some of us had to eat out of large mixing bowls with oversized spoons, ha ha. Other than that, I only have great things to say. Highly recommend!
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I stayed at Buckeye Bungalow as part of our honeymoon. We loved the cabin. It was very clean, and cozy. Although it was chilly during our stay we were able to get some great hiking in at Old Man's Cave, Cedar Falls, and Conkle's Hollow. The cabin was secluded but conveniently located close to Cedar Falls and Old Man's Cave. Already thinking about coming back for an anniversary trip!
Rating: 5
Text: Best place so far. Loved the seclusion of it. The staff was amazing for the extra touches I asked for, delivered a great experience. Would recommend acorn ridge cabin to any couple for a nice romantic getaway. We will definitely be returning.
Rating: 3
Text: We had mixed feelings about our stay with Lazy Lane Cabins best summed up in a pros and cons review.

Pros: spacious, close to Old Man's cave, good privacy and views, good water pressure, nice big deck with a hot tub and grill.

Cons:  Lazy Lane does not publish the addresses of their cabins so you can look them up on the map.  Our cabin was called Blue Jay and was located at 20753 State Rte 664, South Bloomingville, OH.  It was located 15 yards from Rte. 664 = Road noise.  Not what we expected from our cabin in the woods.  All of the pictures only show the back side of the cabin.  The bed and pillows were what I'd expect from a cheap motel.  Between that, and the noise from the pump near the hot water heater in the bathroom closet, we did not sleep well at all during our stay.  

My advice is to call and ask for the address of the cabin you are interested in booking.
Rating: 4
Text: The wife and I just spent the night in one of the cabins. The cabin was immaculate! I only wish I had more time to spend there... and for a baking sheet, I had to bake biscuits in a muffin pan, lol, but it's all good! We will DEFINITELY be coming back! Blown away with the quality of the cabin and by the price as well, it will be near impossible to beat!
