Le Merigot
Rating: 1
Text: Advertised as the "premier place" in Evansville.  If your a smoker you will love it.  The entire place smells like an ashtray.  All the amenities listed other than the fitness room don't physically exist at Le Merigot but at their sister hotel Tropicana.  Given the smoke associated with both places your better off staying at the Tropicana where the amenities they claim actually exist.  
Rating: 4
Text: Great hotel down by the water. Nice clean updated rooms with plush linens and great decor. The flat screen television in the bathroom is a plus as well. Not sure if all the rooms have a shower with four heads (rainfall, normal mount, and two body jets) but it does make for a great experience after a long day, the shower is big enough to fit four people if needed. The continental breakfast is ok, nothing special but they do give free vouchers for it upon check in. Friendly staff made this a great stay.
Rating: 1
Text: Do not stay here while under construction. Extremely loud drilling and hammering starts at 7am. Breakfast is dried cereal, hard boiled eggs, and some crappy pastries, currently served in a tiny room because of construction. They send you back to your room if you forget your stupid breakfast ticket. Showers are supposed to be a nicer feature, but they're not. Parking lot never has space so you have to park in the shared lot next door. No covered parking options
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is right across the road from the Tropicana Casino. It has a overhead walkway from the hotel to the casino. The room was average size with a large bathroom and walk in shower. No tub. The bed was comfortable with crisp clean sheets and soft pillows. We had breakfast in the lobby/sitting area. Typical hotel breakfast. Staff was friendly and helpful. Hotel is a little dated and could use updating, but is still a nice hotel They are in the process of building a new casino right next to this hotel. Once it is done it will be more convenient to get to it from the hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: Spent one night at Least Merigot Evansville. Room was great. Staff accomodating. Thanks for a great stay.
