Lehman's Lakeside RV Resort
Rating: 5
Text: I have read the other reviews and think that the criticisms are a little harsh.  The rules are pretty clear and must be followed concerning the rates, deposits, and check-out.  The rules are there to protect the business and if followed and understood, one should have no issue.

I've stayed for 7 months in 2014 and found it to be an excellent place to hang our hats.  I run a ballooning business at a nearby airport and thought the location and cleanliness were superb.  I had frequent guests that enjoyed coming to visit and felt the same way as us.

I will note that longevity and good stewardship may not count as much as it does in other places for we are trying to return to our old spot and are running in to speed bumps because temporary and transient laborers are providing an immediate revenue stream.

Look,  it's an RV park. I have friends that run RV Parks in Colorado in a majestic and beautiful place and even though the customers are comprised of seniors that may or may not have $250,000 of their biggest asset on wheels which means they themselves should in theory be happy with their place in life. My friends who run the office at the RV park are sweet hearts but WOW to they take a beating by the customers. It's hard to run an RV park. Illinois corporate taxes are criminal and to put up with so much yelling by customers while just trying to make a living is hard enough. 

This place has its ebbs and flows with the amount of people wanting spot. Right now a lot of people want spots so they are going to charge more which is called supply and demand. I'd love to say they should find an equilibrium and not make such rapid decisions on half rent on off seasons to full rent whether you winter or not but getting yelled at regularly makes you look at the numbers to keep your sanity. 

If your unsure look at your spot before you commit. The contract is month to month so your not committed to stay. You get warning if a price increase is coming (unless it's half-rent Dec 2016;)) If you don't like it, leave. 

Remember, you are renting the spot for a month, nothing is guaranteed so don't plan on building out patios and create an evening park radio station so everyone can hear because you don't own anything but your RV. The rules are thick but just don't break them and your fine. If you don't like it, leave the next month. 

I like being next to 90. I like the price point as it keeps away a lot of bad neighbors. Some compassion wouldn't hurt in extenuating circumstances but after the yelling I see the workers endure, I'm not so sure I'd have much faith in man kind. 

Follow the rules and enjoy the trees and space. As you enter look at the tree coming out of the truck. It's pretty. Don't look left or you run the chance of seeing the worlds ugliest Llama and donkey. Yikes. Once your there, follow the rules, don't expect yourself to get mail if it's delivered there (state thing but they don't help with returns sadly) and you will be fine. 

My gripe is Wifi. They say they have it, it doesn't really work to any extent that helps a modern user. They don't have options as they are 5 miles too out in the country. I spent weeks looking for options. They are there but it's half as much as rent to get anything good. 

I'm going on my 5th year there.
Rating: 1
Text: The staff are like Nazis. Very rude. No professionalism at all. Beware...out to get your money for poor service. Needs to learn what customer service is. Was there for around 2 years due to them being the only one that remained open through the winter. Always accusing people of things and stirring up problems. You have been warned.
Rating: 4
Text: Lovely, peaceful, rural!  The staff was really helpful and kind. The sole reason I didn't give them five stars is the closeness of the other RVs parked parallel to us--i would've preferred about more privacy. I'd stay here again, though, without hesitation!
Rating: 1
Text: BEWARE!!!!! This RV " resort " is nothing but a toxic wasteland. Due to the recent rain the lakes and 95% of the campsites were flooded resulting in the sewers backing up into the standing water and people's campers. Everyone is understanding when something like this happens, but the thing is, this isn't the first time this has happened. Actually, during our stay it happened twice and it wasn't until the health department was contacted that they took action. The owner, Karen, along with the other staff who also live on site, had clean water, bathroom and laundry facilities while everyone else had to use contaminated water. They closed the laundry room as well as the restroom and showers leaving most people resorting to drastic measures. Children were playing in raw sewage because Karen and the staff reassured families the water was clean....how the hell can you look someone straight in the face and lie like that when there is feces and garbage floating everywhere! There were even families with special needs children and they didn't care! This place is only concerned with three things, MONEY, MONEY, and more MONEY!!!!!  They also make it a habit of not refunding deposits and over charging for electricity. In retaliation they have raised their rates and stated the laundry facilities as well as the bathrooms and showers will be closed indefinitely. They also try to put oversized trailers in spots that are too small resulting in damage to other people's property. When informed of this the owner disregarded the incident. When campers try to have a civil conversation addressing all of the above issues I mentioned then Karen will call the police and threaten to throw you out. PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE..........IT'S UNSAFE IN EVERY WAY!!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Reading the review is a bit comical because of a few things; most of the people who are writing bad reviews are just mad at the campground because of mother nature, when it rains out there it pours because of the city and where they have water draining, It rains everywhere all the time, if you didn't notice Houston is having a heck of a time right now, floods happen and there is nothing you can do. Now for the health inspector was only out there because someone called and made a big deal about the water and health inspector actually was impressed with all that the campground was doing for all the people camping. The employees are only going to be rude when they have done all they can for the campers and people are still yelling and being rude back. 
Overall everyone writing bad reviews are pissed that employees didn't bow down to their beck and call, they did everything they could in the situation they were given. 
This place has been around for years and years; I've camped there when I was a baby and now my niece and nephew are camping there! It's a great quiet place for a weekend get away with the family; sitting around a bon fire, grilling, s'mores, swimming, different holiday activities, water rentals, personal park, open showers bathroom and laundry, camp ground store, and Lots more! Just because a few people have had a bad experience it shouldn't ruin it for everyone else that have known and grew up around the camp ground for years!
