Leisure Lake Membership Resort
Rating: 2
Text: We find it hard to call this campground a resort. Campground did not have our reservation when we arrived, which is why we like giving a deposit or getting an email confirmation. However, the staff was friendly and did provide us a campsite. This style of bookkeeping concerns us, as if it was a holiday week we wouldn’t have been provided a campsite. The campground is very close to 2 major freeways, which procedure a lot noise inside the park. Many campers were long term, and these RV’s appeared rough and presented a negative look on the park. Arrived at our site which needed much cleaning. The fire pit AND the site were full of trash (including a dirty diaper). Campsites are close together. Many of the buildings need much TLC, including the bathrooms. DirecTV (free standing satellite) had no issue getting a signal. Verizon phone was able to get 4g. Wifi was weak and not reliable. Campground is one hour from Chicago. Grocery stores and dining are about 15mins from campground. Campground includes mini golf course, lake, pool, clubhouse and beach lake. Roads were wide and provide easy access into your site. Many sites include full trees, so if you have a roof top satellite, inform the office during checkup or when making reservations.
Rating: 1
Text: So if I could give a NEGATIVE STAR review, it would be -5!  There is no acceptable reason for whoever this 300 pound man is to treat us and talk to us they way he did when all we were trying to do is get a membership and understand their terms! He told us we were being rude and we could leave? My husband and I both very confused! I am so glad that we stopped by and didn't sign up. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY!
Rating: 5
Text: This place has everything from paddle boats to event activities threw out the year.Go camping with the faimly or just spend a day at the beach. Sign up for a membership for the year and you N your family will have so much fun.
Rating: 5
Text: I have an absolutely wonderful time everytime I come here! The scenery is great, especially at dusk. All of the amenities are fantastic. The new shower houses are great along with the mini-golf, remodeled pool and the beach. 

The staff is very friendly, and they're always out working hard to keep everything up to standard and clean as possible. Following the rules is something that you obviously should do at any place, especially somewhere where you pay for a membership. It has the word "membership" in the name for a reason. This isn't somewhere that anyone can just come in, and rightly so that's how it should be. Ensuring the safety of those staying in the park isn't something that a lot of campgrounds care to do. I am so glad that there are rules to make sure everyone is safe, and able to leisurely enjoy themselves without any worries. There are people here who become members and pay the prices that they do, because it's a place that is well kept up. The prices are set the way they are for certain reasons. We don't care for "riff-raff", as well as people who are rude. Families come here to enjoy themselves, as well as those who want to get away from the hustle and bustle of their daily lives anywhere from a day to a few months. We love FRIENDLY people, and those who want to enjoy themselves, like us! 

Those who give this place a bad review due to "personal" reasons with certain staff members and rude service don't know how to let things go. If something doesn't go how YOU want, don't over exaggerate things. When people don't sound happy all the time, it doesn't mean they aren't. Don't misconstrue. Most of the bad reviews on here are most likely from the Good Sam members that come twice or a few times every month, that don't know how to oblige with and respect the rules that are in place to make Leisure Lake thrive in being not only a safe, but also sanitary and enjoyable environment. This "300 lb" man that everyone speaks badly of, happens to be anything but 300 lbs. He knows how to enforce the rules, and as long as you aren't acting out of pure stupidity to go against them, he's a great individual. 

Thank you to all the Leisure Lake staff for all that you do. Keep up the amazing work!
Rating: 5
Text: I love this place. For many years my ecperiences have been great
