Lied Lodge & Conference Center
Rating: 4
Text: Our church had a retreat at Lied Lodge, so my husband and I decided to take an extra day off to just enjoy the place and the surroundings. Nebraska City, NE is literally in the middle of nowhere, and Lied Lodge is secluded from it furthermore. We went in early November and it already started to get pretty cold outside. Since we came in the middle of the week, we basically had the place to ourselves, which was amazing to just sit in a rocking chair by fireplace or take a walk through the woods. Definitely come here if you want to get away. 
We loved the woodsy theme of the lodge decor. There are a couple of places to eat there: Library Lounge (literally, a library with tables to eat or have drinks at), and Dining Room. Oddly enough, they are not technically part of the Lodge so you want to make reservations for Dining Room. No reservations needed at the Library Lounge but your menu is not as extensive. Food is on the pricier side, but you can tell that it's fresh and made of good ingredients.
The hotel has a nice pool area complete with a spa/hot tub and a kiddie pool. Additionally, there is a nice gym next to the pool.
The room itself was clean with a sizable bathroom, though we got the wheel-accessible shower - not sure if all of them are that way? The bathroom counter was pretty small, and also had their coffee maker there.. which I didn't like at all. TV and wardrobe space were pretty small, the latter one weirdly situated - probably because it was a wheel-accessible room...again, not sure if that's the general set up of every room. And you do get a small fridge in your room too, which we used to keep our water and snacks in.
All in all it was good stay, but we probably won't be back given the distance to travel and, really, the lack of stuff to do there.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great place to relax! There's a nice wilderness trail to walk, which pops out by a little cafe and store with wine tasting. The restaurant, while doesn't have a large selection, does have great food. We eat at the bar one night and they have pork rinds made fresh. They drizzle honey over them and give you a mildly spicy pepper vinegar to dip them in. They are so good we ordered a second helping! There's a pool, baby pool and hot tub on the bottom floor, not to mention a sauna, small gym and masseuse as well. The lobby is great for sitting in and relaxing while having a beer or bottle of wine.
Rating: 4
Text: Overall, the staff and the grounds of the conference center were great. The rooms weren't bad, but water pressure (being a "green" hotel) was pretty lacking. Bar was a little expensive, nothing less than about 5 dollars, beer included. Pool was nice and clean, but the hot tub could have used a bit of repair.
Rating: 5
Text: Such a beautiful place. The lodge is amazing and the rooms are very nice. The package I bought was perfect for us and the staff took care of all of my special requests. They made our stay amazing! The food in the dining room was incredible. Top notch food even on the buffet. We couldn't ask for a better place to get away. This was our second time staying here and it won't be our last.
Rating: 1
Text: Arrived for lunch on 10-21-17.  Told "no walk ins until 1 pm.  It was 12:45, and restaurant was half empty.  Doesn't say anything on website except reservation suggested.  Sat in the bar and ordered.  Tomato soup good, up and at em burger the greasiest gross burger I have ever touched.  One bite and I was done.  My spouse had the turkey brie, wouldn't have it again.  The sweet potato fries were good though.  Will not waist a trip there again.
