Lighthouse Landing RV Park
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great place to camp. Nice level sites. Full hook ups. Concrete pads on some. Working on putting some more other sites. Cute cabins and old school house that has been remodeled on inside for check in. He is building his business as we speak. The spot is worth your money. We will come back when we come back this way.
Rating: 1
Text: This rating is based on our experience on 8/30/17.  Pulled in noticing that some sort of construction was going on just north of park.  Earth movers were stirring up a lot of dust, campers in the park were covered in dust and no one was outside.  We decided not to stay.  Feel like Jennifer should have warned us about that when I called the day before to make a reservation.  People with allergies or other respiratory illnesses should not stay here until the work is done.  While all of the above is true Jennifer did call me back and refunded my money.
Rating: 3
Text: We were a little worried due to the location of the camp. Right off the highway and behind a sporting goods store and a truck stop. Our worries were unfounded as it is a very quiet place. The owners are not on site, you check it at the old school house and leave form and payment in the box provided. They have cabins as well as RV sites. The roads in the park are gravel and somewhat rutted. The sites are gravel and we had to try three of them before we found one that was close to level - this is the reason for the 3 star rating. They are pull through and long enough for our 37 foot RV, tow dolly and parking the car. The site is all weeds, no picnic table. It doesn't appear that it has been open all that long and they are still working on improving the space so sites and roads could be better in the future. The bathroom and laundry were clean. There is plenty of space to walk your dog but watch for picker weeds. WiFi was good and Verizon signal was strong. We stayed one night, June 24, 2017. We paid $17 a night with our Passport America discount.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed for one night and it was great. This place is new. Very new. Neighbors were friendly and place looks great. Refer to my uploaded pictures.
Rating: 5
Text: Highly impressed by a campground that isn't even 1 year old.  We talked with the owner and he shared his future plans with us.  Impressive plans. 
 Everything was clean and neat.  The office is an old one room school, beautifully renovated.  We will stay there again.
