Lincoln Lodge
Rating: 1
Text: This place is so disgusting. The bathroom was definitely not clean. As soon as I walked into the room a cockroach passed by me. The rooms smell.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is a joke. I booked a room back in the middle of August for the end of September and they charged me twice. I've called and called and called them about it only to continue to get the run around and nobody ever calls me back. They continue to say that they will have their manager look into it or call me yet it's never happened. I don't know what is wrong with the management of this place but it's obviously piss poor. I never leave bad reviews but this takes the cake. I would give zero stars if I could.
Rating: 5
Text: They have bed bugs don’t waste your money going there
Rating: 1
Text: If you read no further, just know this place has BED BUGS. 

I stayed here because I was driving home from the solar eclipse and every other hotel between Metropolis and Chicago was booked out. When we arrived there were a lot of people loitering in the parking lot and the stairwells. It felt unsafe and as if there were some drug problems in the building. We struggled to find our room because one of the numbers had fallen off of the door. Once inside, the room was a total dump. It felt very dusty and dirty, there were bugs crawling out of the sink, the bathroom door had a hole cut out of it, and the room was full of cigarette burns. We were exhausted from driving so we stayed anyway.

When I woke up in the morning we packed up and got out of there as fast as possible. The pool on site was empty and full of trash, we could smell it as we were packing up the car. While driving home I noticed my arm had bed bugs bites on it. I called the hotel to inform them and they told me the manager would call me back (he didnt). I eventually was able to get ahold of him a day later and he was immediately confrontational and very difficult to understand. You couldn't pay me to stay at this place again. 

This place absolutely has bed bugs and I have read other reviews claiming the same thing. Stay at your own risk.
Rating: 2
Text: Very disappointing continental breakfast.  Donuts came out of a hostess box. 2 kinds of cereal were mixed. Definitely  not the kind of breakfast  that a room costing 90.00 should offer. Have had better offering for lower rate.  Room also had a musty smell..You could hear the room next to your flush their toilet  also. Very disappointing  experience
