Longview Campground
Rating: 4
Text: Nice quiet camp grounds. Mix of 30 & 50 amp service. A few full utility spots on the west side. But, I prefer the east side camp area. The south side of the east campgrounds are well treed. This is a nit, but I wish Jackson County would get WiFi in the various campgrounds. Showers & rest rooms are dated, but clean. There is a swim beach on the other side of the lake. You will need to drive to get to it. A long walk or short bike ride to a fast food restaurant and a chain drugstore plus a few other shops. 
Rating: 4
Text: Clean place! City camping. Don't expect much privacy as this campground is more open field style. Cleanish showers and bathrooms. Ron, the camp host, is great. 
Rating: 5
Text: Wow.. an amazing experience at this place.. didn’t slept whole night.. that was a memorable day in my life
Rating: 1
Text: We were considering staying there b/c we have friends not far away, however with all of these comments about this very "RUDE" lady, we changed our mind. I don't need to be dealing with these people that have "attitudes". If this person can't deal with her work load then they should hire other help and give this woman time to rest and rethink her position b/c it seems at this point in time she is driving away potential customers and also customers that have stayed there and will NOT return. Some people are NOT good at dealing with the general public. I am in a place like that right now in N.C. and I be darned if I will visit one that has the same type of person running it, b/c enough is enough...There are other places and we will find one suitable...
As they say, shape up or ship out...food for thought!
Rating: 3
Text: One glaring issue ruined our trip. Based soley of facilities, cleanliness of campground and friendliness of the staff where you check in, get firewood, this place would have gotte. 5 stars. The fact that the ranger did nkt enforce the night time policies ruined our trip and we won't go back. A full party went on at the site next to ours until 3:42 a.m. I know the exact time because they kept out family awake that lomg with their yelling conversations and music. Cars came and went. They shushed for 5 seconds when the ranger drove by, but it was OBVIOUS what was going on, and he did nothing. You could hear them from across the campground (we learned from others the next morning), but the ranger willfully ignored it as the group violated policies on noise after a certain hour, amplified music and number of cars at the site. Even though the quiet hours were til 10, if the group had broken up and quieted down at midnight or so, I could have lived with it and been fine. It was our bad luck to end up next to a group like that, but it won't happen to us again at this site because we won't be back 
