Lost Acres RV Park
Rating: 3
Text: I've been coming here for 13+ years. I am well aware of the amounts of kids/ people running around; hence the 5mph speed limit. The owners are sweet, but the majority of the elder-aged people who hang out & smoke in golf carts in front of the office all day are horrible. They'll yell, "Slow down!" almost every time I pull into the campground. Unless they have access to my speedometer and are willing to buy me a new clutch to go EVEN slower than 5, they need to stop playing police and be respectful.
Rating: 5
Text: This campground is so clean and quiet. Staff is very friendly and helpful! Lots of things to do. Will definitely be camping there again!!
Rating: 2
Text: We stayed here July 2017 for 4 nights. The price was half the cost of Indiana beach Campground. First of all, the workers are extremely nice to the campers. No complaints whatsoever about them. Just super curteous people. The campground itself isn't what I would call "dirty" it just has a very scruffy look. Weeds everywhere not manicured at all. Trees either fell or were cut down all over the Campground. It looked like they just left the wood where it landed. It stormed one night and all in front of our camper was water we had to walk in. The hookups such as electric, water and sewer looked as if a person just randomly placed them wherever. Water hook up might be 20 ft away on front side and electric 25 ft on backside of camper. A real pain! The water is disgusting, it's brown in color and smells like rusty metal. The whole camper smelled from it. If you are looking for peaceful evenings, forget that. This is the noisiest place I've ever stayed. I love animals and have 2 dogs of my own. They are leashed at all times. Seasonal campers just let the dogs run. Including the workers who has a Rottweiler that rides on her golf cart. Not leashed and jumps off. I saw it happen. My dogs are leashed and I expect others to be leashed also. For everyones protection. Like I said the workers are so friendly I really hate to leave a bad review, but it was probably one of the worst places I've stayed. If I ever came back to this area again, would I stay there again? Probably not, I think the higher priced Campground would definitely be worth my money.
Rating: 1
Text: One of the worst campgrounds I have ever been to! The noise is beyond ridiculous at all hours of the night, fights, screaming...you name it...they have it here! It's a shame to as the owners seem very nice. The place needs a lot of work. It starts with the clients and then the roads and bathrooms. If you come to Monticello stay at IB or Indiana Beach
Rating: 5
Text: They don't have year long contracts,just Aok in Lafayette
