Lucky Vista Motel
Rating: 5
Text: This place was phenomenal! We stayed about 3 weeks ago and they have remodeled! They held our room for us and had very friendly staff. Room was flawless! I will definitely go and stay again!! They have a fridge and dresser and side tables. A nice chair and king size bed!! It is definitely worth 5 stars!!
Rating: 5
Text: They held our room for us very friendly very clean great motel ..we enjoyed our stay thank u lucky vista
Rating: 4
Text: First time I stayed here, was about 5 years ago, my ex husband and I were passing thru from out of town. Small affordable and great!! Room was decorated like a bed & breafast. Old fashioned furniture. And was greeted nicely though we didn't check in until after 11pm. Second time we stay was last summer. My kids and I were in from out of town at the Lake,though it has been remodeled and the antique furniture was gone.... the place was clean and affordable. Just what we were looking for. Something simple & clean to come in from a long day out on the water in the heat. The room was nice and large. Ac was great. Tv was older but kids were happy. Bathroom was very clean, actually cleaner than the Hoilday Inn I stayed in Lexington. No it's not the Marriot, it's a small older place that still has charm. The man at the front desk was nice and even gave me a great deal. I felt safe there, as it was only myself and my three children traveling. I would definitely stay again, actually I will be in the coming weeks. And would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a place to stay. Close to Green River Lake State Park. Perfect place for those who wish to stay at the lake for a weekend but not wanting to camp.  *** also the little gas station just a 2 minute walk from this place HAS THE BEST FOOD!!! If you like a good old fashioned breakfast & tenderloin sandwich for lunch.... you won't be far from!! Definitely would rate that place 5 stars. And the safe was so nice they double bagged all my stuff and my kids & I were treated like family! Clean Bed, AC, and Good Food w/n walking distance.... Can't beat it!
Rating: 1
Text: I worked there, they have bed bugs and don't was sheets or blankets. The owners a drunk woman beater and he scams and rips people off they don't do nothing but sweep and wipe tables nothing else doesn't even wash pillow cases.
Rating: 1
Text: Do i have to rate it ...no words can even say i much of a dump this place is ...and they charge $65 for a week day ....wow 
