Lumière Place Casino & Hotels
Rating: 5
Text: The Kitchen is a great restaurant and we very much enjoyed the buffet. The breakfast buffet is the best. Before and after eating we spent some time in the casino. The only disappointing experience we had was every single soda machine was out of order for at least 20 to 30 minutes. When I finally asked a bartender how long it would be, he said he did not know but offered two small bottled waters. Otherwise our experiences at The Lumiere are always great and we have a wonderful time.
Rating: 5
Text: This is one of the best casino ever. The rewards are good and has some of the best food served at a buffet. The king rooms are really nice and had a sitting room with a couch and table. The bed was really comfortable. Great service and really friendly people. I'm a regular here.
Rating: 5
Text: Casino is very nice with up to date games and new construction underway. Easy access from the Four Seasons hotel which is immaculate. Big rooms with floor to ceiling windows and an awesome view of the Mississippi River. (There's even a TV built into the bathroom mirror so you can get the latest weather and traffic while you get ready to go out.)
Rating: 3
Text: Lumiere is the nicest casino and the downtown area of St.Louis the hotel is also a newer Edition than the casino itself and is very nice friendly staff. Great choice of restaurants both variety and prices. Also a huge parking structure offering free parking and the downtown St Louis area is a huge Advantage win planning to visit other attractions downtown while staying at Lumiere Hotel or having fun in the casino. I'm
Rating: 2
Text: The cigarette smoke will kill you if not the long walks. This place isn't very handicap accessible 
We didn't see any handicapped parking so you're forced to use valet parking. And could use more lights way to dark outside to many areas where you can be assaulted especially since they have had plenty of assault and robberies here. Just be aware of your surroundings and travel in a pack more eyes watching out. I also saw a lot of "working girls" lurking around. I'm sure there's some at every casino but here just right out in the open. I didn't feel safe with the pimps and hoes convention.
