Luxury Inn & Suites
Rating: 3
Text: The room is plain no extras but air worked. I have stayed here quite a bit when I come to Lincoln. Beds are good and I have seen no bugs. Gentleman at front desk is very pleasant. I over paid him one weekend and didn't realize it till he told me I had given him too much. That was a very big plus for me. Honesty!!! It is not elegant but ok for an overnight
Rating: 2
Text: The room only had one towel for two ppl. We did get another upon request. The TV didn't work. The maintenance guy was great in trying to help us. Waking up we were bitten by bugs. Wouldn't recommend.
Rating: 1
Text: This was probably the worst hotel stay I've ever done...but there was no other option on a home game weekend. The carpet was wet with these weird white stains all over. None of the wall switch lights worked so we had to fumble around in the dark to turn on a lamp. We debated sleeping in our car. Didn't have breakfast as we bee-lined out of there asap.
Rating: 1
Text: My husband and I were tired after a long drive from Aiken, South Carolina to Lincoln, NE on the way to Oregon. Usually people in Nebraska are exquisetley nice and welcoming but this place was not. We were told the room would be $39 plus tax, usually coming out to be $45 but he said the only room he had available would be thirty nine dollars plus tax and we were cool with that. This room had two beds. He asked us how many people there were, like he was expecting there to be just one. We told his it would be the two of us, he charged us $5 per person... so our total came out to be $55! We were astonished, but with that being the cheapest place in town, we went for it. Hoping the room would be worth it. We went up to our room and again, we were astonished. The smoke detector was hanging from the ceiling with no batteries (by law, every hotel has to have one. A working one...), the power outlets had NO covers... not safe for small children. There was a dirty sock under the bed, which we didn't find until morning and it was stinking all night. I thought it was our feet, it was not... The bath tub had  hair in it... and the drain had a bar of soap in it and a razor blade... OUCH. The room had a broken iron and no iron board (also requirements of a hotel). We did stay the night. We were tired. In the morning, I showed the manager these pictures and explained why I wanted my money back. "You get what you pay for" is all he said. He didn't refund my money. He was explicitly rude the whole time. How was I to know what I was paying for? By the pictures on Google Maps? However, on the upside, they didn't have bedbugs! From what I could tell...
Rating: 1
Text: No go. The walls are paper thin, as is the ceiling. One out the outlets didn't work. The tv doesn't pick up all of the channels. The bathroom was a joke. The showers are horrible and just tacky. Offered breakfast wasn't even there. Save yourself $50 and don't go. Stay at the motel 6 or literally anywhere else.
