Ly-Kan Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: My husband Kevin I just wanted a lil time to ourselves but didn't want to spend a lot of money for a room. Last night we stayed at Ly-Kan Motel. We checked in, the hostess was very friendly checking us in. She even sent me a receipt via text to my phone. We got to the room and even though some might think it was small it was just perfect for us. I am a clean freak the room was up to my standards. We got things settled and went down to the restaurant in the lobby (we usually eat there after church on Sundays), so we knew the food would be spectacular. They didn't have the buffet as we're use to but we ordered from the menu. One thing they didn't have on the menu where the deep fried vegetables that my husband loves, we asked if we could order some, which the cook accommodated us(we even ordered a seconds), the seasoning was spot on. Being from Alabama I like my food SALTY, and I was ecstatic and one happy camper?.
The room was super clean, we both took showers, didn't run out of hot water. It was simply just a pleasant experience for us. It was cozy and quite. The only noise was from vehicles with loud mufflers. 
If any of you come to Lyons, KS and want a clean room, that is reasonably priced, very hospitable staff,  a peaceful place to rest and some down right GOOD food...Call and book a room at Ly-Kan Motel. 
As for us...we plan on renting a room again, probably once a month just to have some alone time.
To the staff at Ly-Kan... thank you very much for such a wonderful experience. I read some reviews that said your motel was old and basically out of date, but for this ole fashioned girl...I LOVED IT!!!!! It's nice to know that not everyone is in it for the money, and you can still get a clean decent room at a cheap price. 
Not to mention, we went out for a bit and when we came back one of the ladies who worked in the restaurant ALL day was outside at 9 o'clock at night scrapping grass that was coming up through the cracks in the sidewalk. 
Maybe that don't mean much to most of you but to me showed me that they are hard working people who take pride in the appearance of their establishment. They have worked hard to live the American dream and have successfully accomplished that goal. Well done, my hat off to the owners and staff members at Ly_Kan Motel and Yummy Yummy Restaurant!!!!! See you soon.
Greatfully and respectfully,
Kevin & Lynnette Hightower
Rating: 5
Text: Yummy Yummy  is a good  place to  eat.  Great  Chinese food. 
Rating: 4
Text: It isn't PF Changs but it's pretty darn good for the price. I like it. 
Rating: 5
Text: 
