Lyndon House Bed & Breakfast
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT STAY HERE! This was not our first B&B experience and I must say, I was horrified.  If not for the fact that we arrived after 10pm, we would've made a change immediately.  My husband booked this as a surprise stop along the way to a wedding we were attending out of town but I have to say my first words were "I cannot stay here"  We tried to find another location but the late arrival hour made this impossible. The neighborhood is sketchy to say the least and the constant traffic noise and sirens blaring outside the window are a clear indication that this is not the setting we had planned on.
We stayed in the Shaker Room and Oh My God, it was horrible!  The woodwork is chipped and dirty, the carpet is stained and we had to leave our shoes on to even enter the bathroom because the rug on the floor was filthy!  The bed linens are threadbare and were not fresh.  There is a towel rod in the bathroom with terrycloth robes hanging from it but the towel bar is so dirty it is black and loaded with dust!  The showerhead is caked with scale and the toilet barely flushed.  Do yourself a favor and do not stay here.  The only reviews my husband saw when he booked this place were five stars!  I cannot imagine that anyone actually wrote these.  At $275 per night, I expected MUCH more.  I was not going to write this review but I am hopeful that others do not get scammed into this place!  I cannot find a single nice thing to say.  Our expectations of fresh linens, a beautiful duvet with down pillows, flowers in the room and a lovely plate of warm cookies upon arrival were met with the BATES HOTEL for sure!
As the other review mentions; no one greeted us upon arrival and a key was left on the desk with our name on it.
Rating: 1
Text: Overpriced, Homeless neighborhood, no one to greet us and badly ran down.  Rotting home. seriously. see pictures. 

 I can’t find the proper words to describe this property. Gladly I took pictures. In short as evidenced in photos this property has received little to no maintenance in 20 plus years. We stay in high quality select properties very often. We love spending money for nice places. We happily spend twice per night the cost of this stay but expect an experience.  While we did spend several hundred bucks for our one night stay here we CERTAINLY DID NOT have the “experience” we were looking for but we DID HAVE an “experience”. In fact from the musty smell to the unclean feel I wanted to request a refund upon arrival but my wife was tired from traveling and insisted we stay. If the above isn’t enough, we called 3 times trying to book before we decided to book online. We arrived to an empty home with no attendants. no welcoming beverage or snacks. (correction, there was a basket with items priced if you desired one) We after calling our 4th time in a several hour period got a call back.  It is said in the advertising someone is here by 3pm. We got a call finally at 4:45 but never saw a sole first night but while we were looking at the room a key with our name on it appeared on the welcome desk yet still no call or human could be seen.  We knocked on a door labeled private but no answer. If you lack the judgement or experience to know the difference please come be this guys victim. This whole experience had Bates motel on it. If still not enough I must say I worried half the night about being robbed. It is a horribly poor neighborhood with the street walkers that go with such. The A/C doesnt cool well at all so we were forced to open windows and stay on guard. In fact it is now 1:45 am and I was just awoken to screaming outside. emergency vehicle sirens have been near constant.  There are so many street people it is like a scene from “the walking dead”. We were hit up 3 times in the rear alleys sketchy parking area. The bedding has a terribly musty and unclean smell to it as well. Don’t dare put your face in the pillow. I would love to confront the owner in person at breakfast in the morning and request a refund if not compensation for pain, suffering and mental anguish  but my wife would be very embarrassed if I did such. This is as well why I will force myself to endure the breakfast! This is my only hope writing this that intelligent reviewers will heed my warning.  Please see the photo posted of the windows rotted seal to help paint a picture of the condition of this place. There are not a lot of reviews on this property which always concern me and now I am reminded why. This is a B&B and being greeted sometimes prior to your going to bed as well as complimentary snacks and drinks in the evening is a minimal standard B&B goers expect at any price point. What we do not expect is all the aforementioned. Your basket of goodies to be paid for is fine but at this price point a return on my investment (ROI) is not a unreasonable desire. Last but not least when showering this morning had the wonderful surprise of the shower knob falling off. My wife advised when she showered earlier this morning she found the knob laying on the back of the toilet so management did know and failed to correct. The room was almost 80 degrees this morning as well with thermostat placed at 70. Lowered it to 60 last night but made no change. All in all a terrible-no horrible experience. Several photos attached.
Rating: 5
Text: Super quaint and beautiful bed and breakfast. Loved the history behind the building. And Anton was a kind host.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I spent an evening recently at the Lyndon House B&B for an impromptu night away. The Inn is beautiful and our room, one of the suites, was so comfortable and elegant and had every amenity provided that we could think of including free wifi. The breakfast the next morning was amazing and our host, Anton, was such a huge asset to our experience. The Inn is within walking distance of so many lovely places to eat and explore and we plan to go back again and again. I am already looking at my calendar for a return trip. I highly recommend it - from the gorgeous rooms, off street parking, attentive amenities and lovely service - it is a gem!
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay at, everything was on point.
The only down side is that I wish I could have stayed longer.
Highly recommend 
