Macomb Inn
Rating: 4
Text: For the money it was a great room. It was clean and efficient. Desk help was very friendly and helpful. It is a half way point for me and a friend and we will be staying here again. It was also pet friendly which was a plus for us.
Rating: 1
Text: I come to Macomb for a week every 3 months and have stayed at Macomb Inn every trip for at least 3 years. I have no idea what I was thinking. The Macomb Inn is disgusting. The rooms are filthy, bug infested, and many are moldy from flooding. The pool is no longer maintained, in keeping with the rest of the place.  The bedding this trip was crusty. 

I can't get the staff to take out our trash or trade for clean towels. They seem pretty determined to not even pretend to provide service of even the lowest quality. 

Yes, this place is cheap. If your health, sanitation, and security aren't if any value to you, enjoy the Macomb Inn. Otherwise, stay anywhere else.
Rating: 1
Text: The worst hotel ever I've stayed . From the first day I did not want to stay there but you are not available to canceled the reservation because they will not return any money back,. So I did not have any options and stayed, I took 
the roon and that it. When I went to the bed I got itchy.
They do not even have housekeeping staff and the management cleans the rooms themselves. So, next day I went to the supermarket to get some chlorine; because the bath it was with some pubic hair. Believe me... There is like abandoned hotel...When you come first time at night this hotel look like from the horrors movies, and I'm pretty sure Alfred Hitchcock he would liked this place for one of hims horror movies.
Rating: 1
Text: I wish I could give it zero stars! I was forced to pay for a TV that I did not break and treated like a criminal! After checking in, I did some shopping before coming to my room to discover the television was broken! I called front desk to let them know. I didn't really need a new one but thought they might want to know. They came to my room and said that me or my kids had broke it and needed to pay for it. (It looked like someone had smashed the screen with a force that. I doubt a 3 and an 8 year old could manage in five minutes) I was irate and asked why I would even have told them if I broke it and certainly if I had known I was going to be accused, wouldn't have even bothered! They said if I didn't pay for it, they would call the cops. I told them to go ahead and call them! I was incredibly tired and just wanted to relax and instead was accused of breaking the TV and lying about it. The hotel staff came a few minutes later to take pictures of the television and I asked if they called the cops and they said they hadn't, so I told them I would! I had an officer come out and I explained the situation. They said the most they could do is file a civil suit and they didn't think that was likely. I packed up (which wasn't hard since I had only unpacked my phone), returned the key and asked for a refund. They told me they dont have a refund policy. So I told them to keep their money and I left. I called my credit card to dispute the charge, only to find out that they had also charged me for the TV! I absolutely do not recommend this to anyone. Additionally, the paint is peeling, there is a funny smell and an ant was walking by the broken TV. For ten dollars more, I got a room at Super 8 down the road. Absolutely do not go to Macomb Inn!
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms weren't bad and the wifi was decent. Could use a new microwave though.
