Magnuson Hotel Fowlerville
Rating: 1
Text: Hotel itself was as expected for the cheap price. Pretty dirty but whatever. The issue we had was we left 90 dollars worth of cigars in the dresser. We forgot about them and called back the next day. We were told by the owner that I guess they just disappeared. He claims his wife personally checks the rooms and they aren't there. We drove back and asked to check the room ourselves and he refused to let us check.  We aren't stupid. We know where we left our cigars. We know your family stole them. Why are you lying about such a small thing? Avoid this hotel if you value any sort of customer service and decency.

UPDATE 6/20/17: So after much work (and many friends driving to the hotel and venting their frustration), the owner finally returned our cigars to us. No explanation was given. We were still told the room had been thoroughly searched multiple times to no avail (even when we told them the exact drawer to check). I suspect the room HADN'T been thoroughly searched, and to save face they initially lied to us (because it would make it appear as if they don't clean the rooms well). Then, because the room was booked, they had to wait for an opportunity to actually search for the cigars. What angers me is, every day we went back to the hotel demanding an answer, and got none. And then on the last day, we show up and they have the cigars waiting for us. What? Did you just find them?
 Or did you steal them and just finally decide to return them to stop us pestering you? What would have happened if we didn't drive back that last day? Why weren't we called immediately after it was found? I hope the owner can respond and give me some sort of reasonable explanation or apology, the only reason we got mad was because we felt lied to from the start and told that the cigars must have "disappeared" and they DEMANDED it couldn't still be in the room. As if we were children.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff was very friendly and accommodating, the rooms where slightly outdated but clean, however my hot water was brown at first and my sheets had multiple stains.
Rating: 3
Text: The beds were comfortable, the room was clean. Staff friendly, and welcoming. Opt
Rating: 4
Text: Kinda pricey, but clean and warm.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel, nice management 
