Magnolia Hotel Omaha
Rating: 5
Text: Nice hotel with a very friendly and helpful staff. I've been there back in may for the annual meeting of Berkshire Hathaway and it was a very relaxing stay. Their restaurant is great and so is their service in general. For instance, I have forgotten a US connector for my electronic devices and asked them. They just took their Chevy and drove me to a store. When I didn't find it, they talked to their technician, he looked for it and quickly found one, for free! So whenever I'm in the US using my laptop computer, I think of my wonderful stay at the Magnolia hotel in Omaha.

The rooms are spacious and generally quiet (unless a fire truck passes by). Also, the building is a historic landmark, very special. The only thing that I didn't find in the room was a safe. As for the location, it's not far away from the Old Market, where you find plenty of restaurant, bars etc..
Wifi was quick and reliable. In front of the hotel there are always cooled bottles of water at your disposal.

So yeah, I enjoyed my stay here.

Looking forward to coming back next year!
Rating: 5
Text: UPDATE: Chris is still the best bartender in town. Food is good. Rooms are great.  But it's an elegant way to spend an evening.

Just a quick stop to visit the best bartender in town (ask for Chris) .  We try to stay here at least twice a year.  It's convenient to everything downtown,  but is the only place to stay if your going to a show at the Orpheum. The foods good to occasionally great,  but honestly it's Chris that keeps us coming back for a quick drink whenever we find ourselves close by. The rooms are nice too and even though we live in town it's worth it for a repeat visit.
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful old hotel! 
Staff was pleasant. Room was clean ecept behind sliding bathroom door there were something Cheerios. 
Great hotel and would definitely stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: We had A very pleasant stay. The building is amazing and rooms very pretty and comfortable. The atmosphere made you want to stay. We loved how it was so close to downtown. I would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff was very friendly, the hotel is clean and well decorated, the room was nice though not many extras included (microwave, fridge, continental breakfast all not included). The hotel bar has a great atmosphere and the bartender was knowledgeable and kind. They provide milk and fresh cookies from 8:00 -10:00 pm which  is a nice way to end the night. I would stay here again.
