Magnuson Hotel Lincoln Airport
Rating: 1
Text: I booked this hotel online for a certain rate. Once the hotel sold out 4 days before my stay, they called and told me I needed to pay an extra $100 because "their internet went down" when I booked and they had the incorrect price. Really convenient to say a month after I booked and 4 days before my stay when they know I have no other options in the area.

AVOID THIS HOTEL, they are scam artists.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this a negative star, I would. This hotel has a dubious owner who will cheat money out of you. If you see a rate online, he will not honor that rate once you check it. It's a good thing we checked the amount. All of the non-smoking rooms wreak of cigarette smoke, if not on your first day, perhaps on your second or third. The rooms have strange, nasty splatter on the walls and do not get cleaned properly. The hallways and general public areas smell of urine (like you'd smell in a nursing home). Our window had water issues. There were areas on the hallways walls and ceilings with mold and mildew. The beds are low to the ground. The pool is absolutely disgusting and looks nothing like their picture on google, which must have been taken a decade ago. The hotel is 100% outdated and needs new walls throughout and a huge face lift, new furniture, and better staff.  We planned to stay for a week but had to check out early because of returning to our room that was smoked in while we were gone. It was a huge inconvenience and now we're having to battle to get a refund for the rest of what we paid. The phrase, "You get what you pay for" barely even applies here because with Priceline deals you can get almost the same rate at WAY better hotels!  Do not stay at this hotel!  Avoid it at all costs! Get on priceline and look at the express deals for at least 2.5 star hotels, then do a "name your own price" for about $10 less than the express deals. That will put you into a safe and sanitary hotel in Lincoln for around $50-$60 pre-tax. Consider yourself warned!
Rating: 5
Text: Cheapest room I found on Solar eclipse day $200 at this hotel other hotel was over $400 nights. I enjoyed my stay ???
Rating: 5
Text: I like this place, affordable, clean , quite great staff
Rating: 3
Text: Dirty. No security, didn't need to use our room key to get in from the outside door. Stains on chairs and carpet, tiny beds and small pillows. TV had 1 channel.
