Magnuson Grand Hotel and Conference Center
Rating: 3
Text: Middle of the road two-story hotel that isn't a bad choice for the casual traveler. It is kind of in the middle of nowhere right off Interstate 55. 

The front desk staff were very nice and friendly. Overall the hotel was clean, both the rooms and common areas. There's plenty of parking. The pond/water feature, little riverboat and outdoor landscaping were nice even though I'm not sure why there's a "riverboat" in farm country far from a river. Not a bad thing, just a little odd or perhaps "quirky" is a better term. 

The hotel has several event or banquet rooms, an indoor pool and a bar/restaurant. 

Though the hotel is older, it has been maintained. Everything worked for the most part. 

Due to age or lack of updating here's a few minor negatives. Our shower emitted an increasingly high pitched whine the hotter you turned the water. They still have tube TV's instead of flat panel TV's. The room door required extra effort to latch. 

We had an interior room on the second floor facing the pool area. The screaming kids at the pool in the early morning sounded like they were in the room with us. 

Very reasonable drink prices in the bar. The Club Sandwich that I had in the bar was fine. 

The Magnuson offers a free breakfast. Most of it was inedible. Absolutely awful. The scrambled "eggs" were made from powdered eggs or something else that attempted to mimic eggs, but fell far short. They need to get sausage that isn't gummy and tough to cut. The gravy for the biscuits and gravy was so salty it would induce coughing. The coffee was worse than most gas station coffee.

For breakfast, stick with the hard boiled eggs and cold cereal with milk.

Overall, not a bad choice but temper your expectations. It is clean, dated, and only has a few caveats.
Rating: 3
Text: You get what you pay for. The place needs updating. It's old and dingy. The beds are too firm for me. The cool parts are the pond and deck beside the hotel. Staff will give kids fish food to feed the thousands of fish there. The indoor pool is nice as well with bar and restaurant next to it.
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly staff and clean banquet room. Accommodating two requests and guests. Very Reasonable rates
Rating: 5
Text: I got to change my clothes in front of the whole lobby. Very neat. Would recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: Great Hotel beautiful grounds.
Great food. I am glad we are having our conference here.
