Malone's Motel
Rating: 5
Text: Pros:  If you like Retro, you'll LOVE this place!  From the classic pink/black/white bathroom tile to the era-appropriate metal desks and doors -- this is like stepping back into the late 50's, early 60's, and walking into a motel off Route 66!  But the rooms are clean and comfy, not musty.  There are some updates like the new HVAC unit at the top of the window, and a microwave/fridge in the room for convenience. Staff is very friendly, and prices are great!
Cons: Only negative I found was noise.  The rooms aren't very sound proof, so any outside noise (conversations, pop machine, etc.) are very audible.  If you're a light sleeper, ask them to place you further away from other occupied rooms.
Rating: 1
Text: These people will lie on you not exactly sure what the purpose is but but they have been known to contact law enforcement after the person leaves a room and try to tell them that they found a white powdery substance in there the truth of the matter is the cleaning lady of the lady who works there also and the registers Lobby she like to get her name in the in the Limelight she wants to think that she's something important so she makes it shut up she's the one who's using
Rating: 5
Text: Older outdated hotel with great prices and clean rooms.  This hotel is still in the era of avocado green and the tvs are small boxes but we love staying here.  The cleanliness, awesome prices, polite staff and free wifi far outweigh the hotels in this area.  

They rooms have small tvs with plenty of dish channels, didn't smell a hint of cigarette smoke unlike most older hotels who claim to have smoke free rooms, they actually had nice thick white towels, you have a fridge, microwave, desk/dresser, nightstand, and table with 2 chairs, they have snack and drink vending machines the kids loved, they also offer a quarter ran laundry room at a decent price and you can find soap and softener in the vending machines.  

We rented a decent size room with 2 queen beds for $45 a night!  And a smaller room with 1 king size bed and no table and chairs for either 35$ or 40$ a night!  
Rating: 3
Text: Its like a trip back in time.  Tiled walk in shower.  No breakfast or pool. 35$ a night. 
Rating: 5
Text: If you like cookie cutter motels this is likely not your stop. If you like quaint retro style character, sleeping in a bit of history from the 50's, something built better than most high end hotels of today. Than this, my friend, is for you. Plus it was only $45 a night for four people/two beds.  Only one brass key though. Beds were comfy shower was okay though the head was low. A/C kicks ass though the TV is lacking (who cares?) My room had a vanity/desk with chair, table, with chair, small fridge and closet. WIFI, laundry room, ice machine, no breakfast or coffee though. 11am checkout. 
