Mammoth Cave Campground
Rating: 5
Text: Loved this primitive campsite. The bathrooms were clean and air conditioned and the dumpsters were not overflowing. The campsites were larger than many places we've been. They have Ranger led programs in the evenings and they were very well thought out. They're different each time but while we were there they spoke on light pollution and then about women cavers rarely mentioned in history. The cave tours were amazing and were cheap for how amazing they are. Wish the giftstore had more educational options. The museum at the Visitor Center was excellent.
Rating: 5
Text: Great campground if you don't need electricity or water hookups.  Bathrooms are clean, nearby, and air conditioned.  Ranger at check-in was very friendly, as well as the clerk at the camp store.  We paid $20 for a pull through spot with no reservations, and we had a lot of elbow room at our campsite.  Nicely wooded, and a great place to stay if you visit the cave.  We were just a 15 minute walk from the cave headquarters on a well maintained trail through the woods.
Rating: 5
Text: Great, well maintained campground. They have plenty of sites. Clean bathrooms. The campground is very close to the visitor's center where all tours start. We were in Loop C, and there was plenty of shade there. I highly recommend camping here.
Rating: 5
Text: Great camp ground. Some noisy neighbors but that's to be expected. Bathrooms were nice. Showers were nice but have to pay for them.
Rating: 3
Text: Pros: Air conditioned restrooms (Toilets and sinks only, no showers)
 
Cons: Shower facility is at the Camp Store and a reasonably long walk, It cost 1.50 in quarters for 3 or 4 minutes.
          Campsites are way too close together and our fire pit was close to the road.
          The RV's and Tent Campsites are together. You could be next to an RV running it's motor all day and night.

Overall it's okay not ideal for camping. But you're not really there for a camping experience. You are there for the wonderful caves and other things.
