Mansion View Inn Springfield
Rating: 3
Text: I selected this hotel solely on it's proximity to my job site. The room was clean, no bugs, and hotel needs to be updated on outside. . What I forgot is that if it's close to the station - it's close to the trains! 11pm-8am there were several loud trains. If you are sound sleeper you will not have an issue, just ask for room away from facing the tracks. 
I left before breakfast, can't comment on it. The front desk let me check in at 1p.m.. Friendly staff just hard to understand.
Rating: 1
Text: NO STARS AT ALL!!!!!!! Absolutely gross! Doors need to be slammed to close! Stains and burn marks all over the carpet! Hair,nail trimmings,food crumbs and dead cockroaches on the wall and bed edges! Old urine around the toilet! And don't get me started on the train that passes every 10 minutes! HOW IS THIS PLACE EVEN ALLOWED TO BE OPEN IS BEYOND ME!
Rating: 1
Text: The ppl at the frunt desk don't really seem to understand things you say over the phone, so if that gets to you like it did me...it would be best to go through an agent to book a room. It's an ok place i would go back if i had no choice,but if i had a choice i really wouldn't.
Rating: 2
Text: I selected this hotel solely on it's proximity to the Amtrak station. What I forgot is that if it's close to the station - it's close to the trains! 6am-8am there were three loud trains (thankfully none after midnight when I checked in.) The hotel was probably lovely in it's time -  the rooms have door KEYS with a digital lock circa 1990 - but hasn't had the renovations of the bathroom it so desperately needs. I liked the antique beds and the furniture - but the bathroom needed so much TLC (needs updating on the tile and plumbing and surprisingly no complimentary soap, shampoo or conditioner) although all the other room amenities were available including a free continental breakfast. Free parking was also nice for downtown Springfield.
Rating: 1
Text: When the hotel parking lot is this empty every day.....keep driving. The place charges twice whatever the listed price is as security deposit their breakfast is HORRIBLE even for a dirt cheap continental breakfast
