Maple Hill Manor
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I stayed here while touring the Bardstown and Lexington areas.  It’s out in the country in a very quiet and relaxing location.  The rooms are clean and well decorated. Highly recommended.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I had a wonderful stay! We enjoyed the baby alpacas! This was our first stay at a bed and breakfast and it definitely won't be our last! Looking forward to booking is the future.
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely wonderful! Very friendly and sweet inn keeper. Definitely worth staying.
Rating: 2
Text: We visited for our anniversary last year.When looking for a B & B to stay at we look for certain requirements.
Good reviews are a must!
Privacy here and there but assistance readily available.The innkeepers were friendly but very hard to find at times.We learned the kitchen very well without them and helped ourselves to glasses, ice and such.They spent a lot of time in their private section of the house which we felt odd interrupting them while they were closed up in there.We're used to the innkeepers always available for anything at all. Even offering to bring us drinks while we sit outside or snacks while we play cards in the parlor. We were really on our own.We were greeted well. They gave us the run down and tour of the shared spaces and showed us to our room.A few times we rang the bell at their door but got no answer so we had to waited until we seen them again.
Cleanliness is a must!We unpacked and settled in but noticed our room was dusty and we felt like the bed was not fresh.The linens were not crisp which lead us to believe the sheets has not been changed for a while.I was appalled to find a streak of what looked to be pink lipstick on my pillow case and a hint of perfume.The bathroom appeared clean along with the towels and washcloths.I did not say anything about the bed because we were not sure. Looking back we are pretty confident our feeling were correct.The kitchen was also dirty.Dishes in the sink. Food remnants in the dish strainer.Later after using the ice maker a few times we noticed small dead bugs at the bottom of the machine.I dumped it, cleaned it myself and reset it to make clean ice.The dinning room was set beautiful.All the tables were set.At a glace all looked well but at a closer look you could clearly see the haze and smears on the glasses and silver pieces.Clearly the tables had been set along time ago and never used. 
The breakfast is a BIG deal!We were disappointed with the food preparation.As soon as we were seated we choose our meals and the plates of food came out.I was thinking that was really fast.All tasted like it had been made earlier in the morning and kept somewhat warm including the eggs. We actually went for a hot breakfast afterwards. 
Calm, Peaceful, and Serene environment.We browsed the grounds.We enjoyed sitting on the patio and resting in the shade and breeze.We were disappointed that although there were fountains on the grounds not one was in working order and one of them looked like it had not been clean and operational for quite sometime.It was full of brown water and leaves.We stumbled upon hammocks in the wooded area which was very private and a perfect place for them but only one was in working order and it was not in that great of shape to hold even one person, definitely not two.The innkeepers invited us to visit the gift shop during our stay so we did!It did not feel welcoming at all with the spider webs and just plain dust & dirt.It appeared to have been closed up for some time and was not ready for shoppers.I was worried to handle and purchase any of the alpaca fleece because of the amount of dead insects in the shop.The gazebo looked beautiful but there was no seating available then we noticed a large wasp nest in it.Lights were strung along the roof line which would have looked really nice at night if they would have been in working order.The landscaping really did look good.It was not over grown or neglected.All was green and healthy looking.The alpacas looked well.Little odor in the wind once in a while but that is to be expected. 
I want to end by saying that Maple Hill Manor really is a beautiful place but I feel like it could've been cared for better.I truly believe that was the weakest link during our visit was the innkeepers neglect in all areas.I did email the owners Todd & Tyler. Their response back was pretty much "Thank you. Hope you stay again." I was hoping for a response that major improvements have been made or in the works so we could stay again this year. I do not ever plan to visit again and sadly do not recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice staff. Quiet stay. Old house has a lot of character and the staff is knowledgeable about the house and area. Not too far from town but enough out of the way that you can get away from it all.
