Marina Grand Resort
Rating: 5
Text: The only thing I could say negative was the designer of the building's fault and nothing the staff had control of- you have to walk - I mean walk to get to the lobby or elevators if you happen to get a room on the back side but I don't see any solution unless there were two lobbies.
I can't say enough nice things however about this place - we loved it! The room was just like the picture, the view beautiful,  lobby was beautiful, the staff were ALL super friendly and location was convenient. My teenage granddaughter had forgotten her phone charger and the young man at the front desk was nice and allowed her to borrow his that night. He showed us how to get around on a map they have for guests and I am very sorry we didn't take advantage of the free bike rental!
 I do wish there was a continental breakfast though but I guess for the price I should not wooed about that little thing. It was a Great price! Would go there again and we definitely recommend it.
Rating: 4
Text: A real quick getaway.  The staff was very friendly and professional. Our room was nice, great view of the marina , comfy bed,  private balcony and a toasty fireplace   We were only minutes from the local eateries,  winery and casino. Will return. ..
Rating: 5
Text: By far the best kept secret in New Buffalo, MI 
Everything you need for a perfect weekend getaway. All rooms face the marina, include a fireplace and a private patio or balcony. Delicious menu items at the Bentwood Tavern. Relax at either the indoor or outdoor pool. The skydeck offers a wonderful view while you enjoy a drink. Other restaurants and shops are within walking distance. We visit New Buffalo MI a couple times each year and always stay at the Marina Grand.
Rating: 3
Text: the top (3rd floor) units are lofts  and sleep 6. Which means there is most likely young kids in there and they love to run up and down the steps and roll the footstools around. I recommend either the top floor or the first floor if you want a quiet stay without children making a lot of noise.
Rating: 5
Text: This place was amazing! We had a room facing the water with a walkout. It had a mini patio like setting just outside the room of the bedroom. We had the fully equipped kitchen and living room. My wife and I enjoyed the built in fireplace. The rooms where very clean, tidy and beautiful. The staff was very friendly. Check in and out was super easy. Both dinner and breakfast at the restaurant at the marina was very delicious. Nice selection of food and drinks. My wife also enjoyed the onsite coffee shop. Would definitely recommend for a nice getaway.
