Mark Twain Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Quaint, cute place in Peoria. Room was just the right size for my wife and I. Bed was a king and comfy. Offer free shuttle service to places/events nearby, which is really cool.  Free parking.  Staff is very friendly and helpful.  Interior is nice with exposed brick in the room and the lobby is wonderful!
Rating: 5
Text: What a charming hotel. 
The staff was top notch! They went above and beyond for us- we went to  a concert at the Civic Center- the front desk gal (Allison I believe) offered us shuttle service if we needed it due to the rainy weather. I needed to run an errand  (on an I forgot item) but was out of time- they  actually offered and went for me. 
Breakfast was absolutely wonderful- the omelets were perfect. We have never had better free hotel breakfast. 
Two 25, the on site restaurant, was excellent.  Friendly staff, wonderful food. 
My only complaint is the bed was real firm (I prefer to sleep on a cloud) and the pillows were not the best, but I didnt ask if there was other options. 
Overall, we will absolutely return again!
Rating: 5
Text: Very unique hotel. Loved the look with the brick wall showing. Very cool sink. Hotel staff very accommodating and egg omelette in the morning was delicious. Decent amount of plugs in the room. Would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome place. Two 25 restaurant is very neat. Great food. Awesome lunch buffet during the week. Cool atmosphere. Great for dinner and drinks.
Rating: 3
Text: So glad we chose this locally owned boutique hotel downtown Peoria, convenient from the interstate. Room decor nicely blends exposed brick with modern furnishings. The bathroom was adequate, and everything was clean. I give this place extra points for its friendly staff and a pretty great free breakfast, with made-to-order omelets and restaurant seating. We also enjoyed the hotel restaurant for dinner: upscale feel, but menu featured a range of price points and the food was good. My only critique is that the bed pillows were kinda small and felt ready or replacement. They should fix that.
