Mark Twain Landing
Rating: 5
Text: My parents had a permanent spot here about 15 years ago and we loved coming here on the weekends, well 15 years later it's still the same great place! The bathrooms are the cleanest I have ever seen in a campsite, everyone was super friendly and helpful, the store is awesome and reasonably priced.  We did not partake in any of the activities such as mini-golf, the water park or the restaurant  but we drove by and everything still looks amazing! Love, love, love this place and we will defiantly be returning!!!
Rating: 2
Text: Wow!! Never again!!!
This place is advertised as a family friendly campground. I'm curious as to how...... It was extremely loud and inappropriate for children.
The entire stay we witnesses nothing but public intoxication. The amount of foul language was insane from said people. 
We witnessed people falling off golf carts on at least 3 separate occasions due to extreme intoxication. One was almost hit by an oncoming car due to not paying attention because the driver was holding on to the passenger who was falling out of the cart and screaming obsenities...all this while we were trying to enjoy dinner outdoors. These people were driving on the same roadway that children were trying to ride bikes and walk to the pool. Very unsafe!!!
We also witnessed a man relieving himself on a truck tire very openly at ONE IN THE AFTERNOON!!! 
Even the family friendly karaoke was ruined by drunken dancing men and women spilling beer all over the stage/dance floor and children who were trying to run and dance.
It seemed that this campground caters to partying 40 and 50 some things. Not families.
The only save grace was the water park for my boys. Even there, though, thong bikinis were being worn. If it is supposed to be a family water park, appropriate attire should be required.   We won't be returning, as we enjoy the family aspect of camping in PEACE!!!
The staff was friendly. We do wish they would have addressed the unruly campers though.
Rating: 4
Text: The road in to the entrance - Hwy J - is a narrow two-lane road so take it easy. The roads in the park are narrow but doable - some of the trees to our site were a little low. This is a large campground with over 200 sites. They have tent sites, cabins and condos along with trailer sites. Two catch and release ponds, playgrounds, swimming pool, putt-putt golf and a restaurant that serves pizza and wings. Check in was fast and friendly and the store has your basic needs for camping and food and drinks. We were in site 187 which has some trees for shade in the morning and the camper next to you is down a little hill so you have some privacy. Sites are cement and level with grass, picnic table and fire pit. We had full hook ups but the water connect is on the wrong side of the camper, a good 50-feet away. We were not told this in advance but luckily we had enough hose. WiFi was not very good, our Verizon signal was strong. We stayed one night June 22, 2017 and paid $28.24 with our Passport America discount.
Rating: 5
Text: We made a last minute call to Mark Twain Landing and Debbie was very helpful in saving us a nice pull-through spot for an "after hours" arrival.  

The park is a nice, clean combination of all-season RV's and night to night visitors like us.  The full season resident RV units are neat, tidy, and they must have a "deed of restrictions" of some kind that keeps each site looking well kept and pleasing to the eye.  (like a good neighborhood)

Our rate was discounted 30% (Sunday through Friday) and site was clean, cement pad.  The water pole was a bit far from the pad but other than that, the picnic table, fire pit and grill were well positioned and in good condition.  

The laundry was clean and machines we used worked well.  The pool was fine and the park roadways were fun to ride our bikes on.  We may never be this way again, but if you find yourself in the Hannibal/Monroe City area, this would be an excellent choice for camping.
Rating: 3
Text: It was fun but the price is ridiculous for the lack of things to do there. And the "life guards" sure ain't guarding anyone's lives except maybe their phones. Bunch of teenagers who do nothing but nap and play on phones. We will probably not be back.
