Mark Twain Cave & Campground
Rating: 3
Text: We mostly stay at KOAs but decided to stay where we were close to everything. Had a big storm and didn't lose power like we have at other campgrounds. Dog friendly which is a big plus for us. We had paid for a pull-through but had a massive tree in our spot, so we weren't actually able to pull through. Luckily most people had cleared out and we were able to back out. When we said something about the tree and not really being a pull through site the woman working in the office looked at us like we had horns growing out of our heads and told us to just back up then. The spots are affordable but everything else is priced like you're at Disney, about 3-4 times what it's worth or you'd expect to pay. Bathrooms were slightly nicer than average for a campground.
Rating: 4
Text: We spent two days this October at MW Campground. It is a nice facility with a helpful and friendly staff. The setting in a valley is nice. Lots of trees. A little bit of horn noise from the nearby rail line but not bad at all. Easy drive to Hannibal. Our site had a walnut tree which littered the site with walnut balls and created some surprising "thumps" as they hit the roof of our camper from time to time.
Rating: 5
Text: I want to highly recommend the Mark Twain impersonator that the cave and campground hosts. He takes you back in time and remind you of why Mark Twain had such international acclaim. We heard him on my dad's birthday and enjoyed the experience.
Rating: 4
Text: It's a very beautiful camp ground. The bathrooms are fairly clean and the staff are very polite. The camp sites are uneven and have gravel areas to park. It is a far better place for a tailor or camper. We tent camp and had to move spots in order to set the tent up. The staff were very accommodating, however. I really enjoyed how close to town the campground is. It is very convenient. 
Rating: 5
Text: The new additions that came with the expansion are wonderful! The new places to visit are excellent! Do yourself a favor and grab a bite to eat at the Hy-Vee shoppe before you head to the cave! You won't regret it! Miss Bonnie would love to teach you a little about a lot if you stop next door after your meal! She's a real sweetheart. 
