Marriott St. Louis Airport
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed recently at the Marriott St. Louis Airport while attending a three-day conference that had been sponsored by a national ecumenical church-related group that focuses on social justice issues and seeks to include all people in our respective communities.

The accommodations had been superb; the food had been delicious; the staff had been consistently helpful and had made several special accommodations for our group that had made all of us feel welcome at this hotel.

The only unusual thing about the Marriott St. Louis Airport had been that most of the meals during our conference had been served in a heated outdoor tent rather than in an indoor banquet room as I would have expected. Particularly interesting about this heated outdoor tent had been the very loud sound that would be heard every few minutes whenever the inflated cylinders that had been holding up the roof of this tent would re-inflate.

Now I understand why a tent appears in the "Google Maps" picture for the Marriott St. Louis Airport.
Rating: 4
Text: I visited for a conference. Convenient location right next to the airport and somewhat reasonable parking rates. Friendly and accommodating staff. Pretty decent food for a conference, too! Overall, I was pleased with my experience, although I didn't stay overnight so I can't comment on the rooms.
Rating: 1
Text: Really frustrating hotel. Most ridiculous rules I have ever had to deal with for a hotel. Forced to park 50 yards away to register for the room. Even though there is not a single vehicle in the covered entryway in front of the hotel. Tried to register for the room but was turned away because it was in my wife’s name who was waiting in the car. So I had to walk back across the parking lot so my wife could register (even though my drivers license clearly shows we live at the same address with the same last name).  Rude staff. It is like they don’t want you to stay at the hotel. Will never stay here again.
Rating: 2
Text: I had problems twice with the fire alarm turning on in my room very early in the morning. Besides, I got no housekeeping twice. On the other hand, the hotel has a regular/good restaurant, coffee place until 10:00 pm and an amazing lounge.
Rating: 4
Text: Seems to be a very nice place. The food was good and so was the room. The building is very old but they did a good job renovating it
