Marriott St. Louis West
Rating: 2
Text: Hotel rooms are dated with older beds. Good amount of plugs for power for those users who need outlets. Room was dirty. So much so that my feet turned black. Also, multiple recent red stains on carpet. Was thicker red substance perhaps blood or some kind of thick sauce. Hotel employees were nice and accommodating for shipping needs. Didn't complain about dirty rooms as I was out most of the time. Shower water wasn't very warm and I about slipped and fell out of tub due to the bottom of tub being slippery. I know, I may sound like I'm over complaining but this marriott didn't compare to others. Probably wouldn't stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed 1 night a few days ago. We have stayed over 50 nights so far at various Marriott properties. This  had to be the worst one ever. The service in the restaurant( breakfast buffet) is horrible. I had to go through 6 plates before I found a clean plate. The guy asked the person sitting at a different table a choice in coffee( Starbucks or regular). We had no such choice. The service was overall cold. Our kids events brings us to St. Louis often. We will avoid this one.
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed at this hotel for a business trip. Booked under my business card and stayed an additional day for visit friends on my own dine. They mistakenly charged the whole stay to me personally. Not a big deal. Mistakes happen. Calling to get it corrected was terrible. I've called 3 times so far. The people at the hotel said they would call back and did not. Not easy to do business with and not a place that prides themselves on service.
Rating: 1
Text: I came with my daughter, sister, and my other sister and her family. I had called to confirm two double rooms. They didn’t have our rooms and no double rooms left. Me, my daughter, and my sister had to sleep in a king bed together in one room and my other sister and her family got the good room which had a king bed and a sofa bed. My daughter had to sleep on the floor while my sister and her family all got beds. They teased my daughter about it a lot the next day. We got a free breakfast for four which wasn’t even enough for everyone. It kind of ruined our trip and our weekend.
Rating: 3
Text: The concierge lounge was overrun by kids in a local tournament of some type.  The place was a mess every day I was there, the food was gone, there was no place to sit and no one seemed to care. 

The service in the restaurant is poor, they don't answer the phone at the front desk, etc...  

I stay at Marriott's 40 to 50 nights per year and this one is at the bottom of the list.
