Marsh House
Rating: 5
Text: Our stay at the Marsh House was a terrific treat.  I and my daughter visited Grinnell in minus 8 degree weather, and the welcome and the accommodations more than kept us warm.   Linda sent us out each day with a hot breakfast that started the day right, and the Marsh House gave us a cozy welcome home in the evening.  

There is much to appreciate in the house itself.  Linda and her husband have lovingly restored the 1892 home's craftsmanship both inside and out.  Linda has equipped and decorated it just as carefully.  The best part is that even with all the richness of detail, it felt like a home and not a museum.
Rating: 5
Text: A belated thank you for your hospitality and kindness during our stay at the Marsh House. You have a beautiful house, but most importantly you make it feel like home! Thank you! :-)
Rating: 5
Text: Beautifully decorated, delicious food, and the owners are very nice!
Rating: 5
Text: I always stayed at the Marsh House when I was a student (as did my parents) and Linda is simply amazing.  She will go out of her way to make your stay in her beautifully restored home comfortable.  Breakfasts are so big you hardly need to eat the rest of the day and are as tasty as they are big.  Wonderful beds, Wifi and free cable TV are provided in every room.

Highly recommended.
Rating: 1
Text: I reserved a room for one night at the Marsh House. My partner I were on a five day road trip across America-- along our driving journey across Nebraska towards Grinnell, Iowa we encountered severe thunder storms. The Nebraska Highway Patrol closed traffic I-80 eastbound traffic leaving us stranded in Omaha, NE. I called Linda, the owner of the Marsh and explained our situation. She took note of our unfortunate situation; however, what she didn’t disclose to us was the fact she was going to charge us for that evening. So seeing the charge was surprising and disheartening. 
I called to speak with Linda about the charge and she was immediately upset and frustrated that I would dare ask for her to return payment to my credit card. She proceeded to vent her frustrations to me about, “customers taking advantage of her… and that she needed to raise her prices, and how she is tired of losing sleep over the B & B etc.”
 It was very clear that running the B & B is extremely frustrating and that had no compassion towards our situation. This was not gorse negligence, it was an uncontrollable act of nature and she resented me for asking for a refund. Personally, I think that this situation should have been pardoned. Moreover, when she began to take her frustrations of running a business out on me it was clear she was crying “victim.” 
I have now had to turn in a claim of fraud to Master Card and they are in the process of investigating this claim. 


