Martha's Vineyard Bed & Breakfast
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I stayed at this lovely Bed and Breakfast last year for our anniversary(November). We had reserved a room in the cottage, but we were told upon arrival that we were being upgraded to their best and most private room in the cottage(I cannot remember why), which we were perfectly fine with(of course!). 

Check-in and checkout were quite easy, and the owner/staff were pleasant and helpful. 

We were quite impressed with the beauty and decor of the main house and the grounds. 

Our room was simply splendid, being comfortable and very private, and there was the most delicious chilled sparkling grape juice and chocolate-dipped strawberries waiting for us in our room(as part of a package). 

The owner was able to accommodate our dietary needs(vegetarian), and breakfast consisted of orange juice, fresh strawberries and pineapple, yogurt with granola, caramel apple pancakes, and vegetarian sausage, which was delivered to our room(and was divine). There were complimentary snacks(Gardetto snack mix and cookies) and ice water available 24/7 right next door to our room. 

Although this B&B is on a quiet road with a country feel, we were rather close to everything South Haven has to offer, which was quite nice. 

We will definitely stay at this fine establishment in the future.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was super cozy and clean! Great place to get away and unwind! It was very close to downtown which was a plus. Breakfast, while reading the reviews seems to be the same 3 course of fruits, yogurt and apple crepe.. was actually pretty good!
Rating: 5
Text: I brought my wife here for a surprise 5th anniversary overnight stay. She had absolutely no idea what we were doing but seemed elated when she realized we would be spending the night there in the Fairhaven Suite located in the guest house (the only guests staying in the guest house that night!) The beautifully kept grounds were very quiet and relaxing. We enjoyed the gigantic Jacuzzi tub in our room and relaxed for the evening. A fire pit with supplies is also available for guests, as well as hammocks. Because we stayed in 5he guest houses, breakfast was delivered to us promptly at 9am in a picnic basket. Breakfast consisted of thick sliced brioche french toast with fresh strawberries and syrup, a delicious breakfast sausage patty, a yogurt parfait, fresh fruit, orange juice, and coffee. Everything was delicious. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will definitely plan to visit again in the future!
Rating: 3
Text: My husband and I went here for our 10 year wedding anniversary. We stayed in the main house in the Provincetown room. I really did enjoy the stay here. The house was nice, old fashioned and in a great location. We were literally minutes away from downtown South Haven and the beach which I loved. Our room and TV were quite small. We had a queen size bed and I felt pretty cramped after our suitcases were in there. They have DVDs you can take to your room but they are all older movies. Breakfast is not delivered to your room if you stay in the main house so you have to go downstairs at 9 am if you want breakfast. You will most likely be sharing a table with another couple as well. The breakfasts were nice, nothing amazing though. They were different things we weren't used to which was a nice change. The first course was always a small portion of fruit. They talked about the maple syrup, honey and grape juice made on sight, but none of those things were served with our meals. Another guest actually asked for the grape juice and was told there wasn't any. There was an odd smell to the porch and entryway when you walked in. The walls were thin, we could hear all the other guests talking or moving about. If someone else was having a whirlpool bath you could hardly hear yourself think. The rooms were not kept very cool, I get hot easy and like my sleeping area to be quite cool, so this would be a personal preference thing. Unfortunately our couple massage was canceled due to the masseuse being ill, which is okay since we were refunded for that. Just know, that it's a possibility.  We also had wine with our package and it wasn't chilled or served on ice which was a bummer.  Overall, we enjoyed our weekend getaway and since this was one of the cheaper BNB's I can't be too harsh.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I spent a day in South Haven and a day in Saugatuck celebrating our 30th anniversary, and spent the night at Martha's Vineyard. This was our second visit, so we knew that it was a safe choice for our special occasion. The staff is very friendly & helpful. Breakfast was delicious. The rooms are clean & cozy, and the location & grounds are relaxing. We will make another visit in the future. 
