Masonic Temple Theater
Rating: 4
Text: While the venue was beautiful for a concert, it definitely has its drawbacks. To begin with, there was a long line that went out the door of the venue and it wasn't clear if it was the entry line or for will call or something similar. It ended up being the line to get in and pass through metal detectors. Once inside, the venue was pretty cramped. The lines for merchandise and drinks/snacks overlapped and there wasn't much breathing room. The seats in Section B22, Row L still provided a nice view, but they were very hot. I'm not sure whether it was due to the close proximity of the ceiling or just the cramped quarters and fall weather, but I do not recommend wearing anything more than a t-shirt. A concert at the Temple is worth going to for a great show, but you should be prepared for a unique experience.
Rating: 1
Text: Went to see Fluffy tonight with my husband.  Guy 2 rows back kept talking loudly and it was difficult to hear the show when people would laugh and cheer bc the guy would talk louder.  1 row behind me a man asked him to please be quiet, he couldn't hear the show.  The loud guy became immediately confrontational and started to argue loudly.  Another patron got a security guard.  As soon as the guard walked away, loud guy started right back at him.  This time I went and got the guard.  He told me he was trying to "catch him in the act." In a loud theater setting over 50 feet away and behind the dude, that's impossible.  But I gave him the benefit of the doubt and returned to my seat.  The dude got quiet for about 10 minutes and slowly got louder again.  The guard did nothing.  Then about 30 minutes later the loud guy gets up and punches the other guy in the back of the head and he and his gf tried to run away.  The guy and a lady he was with got up to get security, but the guard did absolutely NOTHING.  So the guy started going back to the Loud guy and they all went into the stair well and got really loud with each other.  30 seconds later you hear a woman screaming.  Fast forward 10 minutes later, the guy who got punched came back looking for a phone that was left behind and said that the loud guy was upset that they followed him and grab the woman and threw her down the stairs and that your security wouldn't do anything about it.  

This situation tells me that your security guards are only there for the temples security, but NOT it's patrons.  Even worse, I only heard about an hour of the 3 hour show.  I'll NEVER come back here, it's not safe.
Rating: 5
Text: Such a gorgeous building. Exceptionally magical when transformed for Theatre Bizarre. A can't miss if you have never been. Highly recommend this venue for any concert also. A true Detroit gem.
Rating: 5
Text: The temple is amazing. I went for theatre bizarre which was a pretty interesting time. I would love to come back to just explore the temple and admire the architecture. All the rooms are beautiful.
Rating: 5
Text: The building was amazing. I took a tour and learned about the construction and some of the history of the building. It was really neat. One note: a couple of the tour guides were a little ridiculous. Very impatient and talked down to the customers. Acted like they were superior or something. Really dumb. They were knowledgeable though.
