Maui Sands Resort & Indoor Waterpark
Rating: 1
Text: This place is bed bug heaven. It was featured on hotel impossible. They have bed bugs through the whole hotel top to bottom. They have roaches that hang out in the pool area and the bar. They have no intention on getting it together. The owners seem very careless and like a bunch of morons. The stairs to the slides are full blown metal and chipping off which has gotten stuck in several guests feet. The water is at hypothermia causing temperatures. This is ridiculous NEVER would I bring my son there. This has went very down hill since I was there a few years ago. So any guest who stays there goes home with nice amount of bed bugs that’s so disgusting.
Rating: 4
Text: We came for a short family vacation. Stayed 2 nights with a groupon deal. The price was half of what great wolf was. The hotel was fine, but like other reviews said, it does need updating. They do have a little kids play area and an arcade though.

We have a toddler and a senior traveling with us so we needed a variety of activities. The lazy river was nice and the small kid's slide tower was great for toddler. The other 2 little kid stations were closed so that limited our options. The body slides were both closed, but the tube slides were fun for the adults. Hot tub for all ages was a nice surprise. 

The food selection was limited. More like a concession stand. Expensive food for what you get. 

Overall, we were pleasantly surprised by the resort (using that loosely). It's a great location, near a lot of other restaurants and stores. We also went down the road to ghostly manor for lot of indoor fun too. We enjoyed our stay! =)
Rating: 4
Text: Great price. Great price for a room. Clean. Room size was adequate. Staff was welcoming and helpful. Fun slides at the water park. Good family weekend getaway.
Rating: 1
Text: After watching the Hotel Impossible episode where many disturbing things were revealed such as a bed bug infestation (they were even in the arcade machines), roaches, and a deteriorating water park that caused injuries to some guests, I was appalled the hotel was not shut down by health authorities before the neglectful owners shut part of it down to address the bed bug problem. It was revealed that the bed bug infestation was being addressed and new management was hired; however, nothing has been said about the condition of the water park. Have all issues pertaining to the water park, e.g., rotting wood, corroding steel everywhere, etc. been fixed? I feel so sorry for the staff because a person shouldn’t have to worry about taking bed bugs home when he or she is just trying to earn a paycheck! Sadly, bed bugs are a reality wherever we go. Movie theaters, restaurants, schools, stores, etc. are all potential areas for bed bugs. A person can walk in a store, step near a bed bug allowing it to catch a ride on his or her shoe, and ultimately take the bed bug problem home. Bed bugs are a COMMUNITY problem. With that being said, it is the OWNERS’ responsibility to make sure bed bug problems are prevented through regular inspections, and it is the OWNERS’ responsibility to IMMEDIATELY treat the problem as soon as it arises!!! I’m a teacher, and my 1,600+ student school is 96% free/reduced lunch. Sadly, this means a lot of our students live in or near poverty conditions. Parents have to choose between putting food on the table or pay hundreds or even thousands of dollars to address bed bug problems. For the last four years, there has been at least one incident when I’ve spotted bed bug(s) in my classroom. I call the office, and within an HOUR my classroom is treated. We can treat our entire school from top to bottom every day, but kids will continue to bring the bed bugs into the school. My point is, administration addresses this issue immediately because it is THEIR JOB to ensure the safety of all students and faculty are upheld. When hotel owners neglect the safety and well being of their guests AND staff, they should never be able to continue operating the hotel! I was elated to see Hotel Impossible’s Anthony M. not hold back with his anger because he was there for the STAFF, and the owners’ lack of empathy was astounding!! Additionally, the owners chose to ignore Anthony’s very wise advice by keeping the hotel in operation instead of shutting it down to make that hotel what It should be! Potential guests beware! I would highly recommend anyone considering staying at this hotel take a close look and walk through the hotel before handing over your credit card. The sad part is this hotel has incredible potential; however, the owners are only interested in making a dollar even when it means wrecking the lives of their staff and guests.
Rating: 2
Text: Kids had fun but the water park needs so serious remodeling, upkeep etc. the stairs going to the slides are rusting and chipping off, other surface areas are ok. The little obstacle course things are super gross and falling apart. Rooms were clean and decent.
Food service is a joke. Getting drinks takes awhile (due to lack of bartender having help). 
Fire alarms went off and no guard knew what to do except stand and stare at everyone. Thankfully nothing caught fire but Kitchen was smoking. If it was serious, it would have been chaos.
