Meskwaki Bingo Casino Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: Ok casino, offers bingo which the wife loves as she seems to get lucky every time she plays.  Not a ton of table games but enough to stay entertained.  Not a big slots guy, but seem to be plenty to choose from and really like the poker room atmosphere, just not a ton of games going on unless there are tourney's.  Good player rewards program too, offer free slot plays pretty frequently.
Rating: 2
Text: For years we have called Meskwaki Casino our favorite place to go....  
driving  some distance to get there too. The Friday  night seafood buffet
has always been a favorite. The last two visits we find the seafood has not maintained the quality we had come to expect.  Costs a couple dollars more but actually worse  than before.  The crab legs are much smaller,  not  worth the effort to crack them. They have limp fried clams..must bake them.Smaller shrimp.No more sea food for us..
Such a shame too as we always bragged about  that meal to everyone we spoke to. Wouldn't mind the increase in cost if they were as good as they once were. So  two stars for the buffet  only because the waitresses are nice and try  hard. The casino floor is still a good place ..for now anyway!
Rating: 1
Text: Family went to the buffet for a birthday celebration. EVERYTHING on the buffet was overcooked. The salad bar had old brown lettuce and the setup of the salad bar made you jump from lettuce, to the end of the buffet for toppings and then to the center for dressing. Maybe I just put mine together differently than most? Even the rolls were hard as rocks. The "fried" fish and shrimp was definitely the same as the boxes in your freezer section at the grocery. W/o discount at Sunday brunch, the price is $15. I did not play at the casino. No review of this.
Rating: 5
Text: Love the Keno, love the food venues all four of them, love the bingo, spa facility really Pampers you. Great staff, friendly environment. Even when it's full it doesn't feel crowded. Great concerts!
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed in room 4113 a joining room to my best friend Tina and her boyfriend. We enjoyed gambling, hot tub, swimming, nice room. Food was good by the little resturant by the hotel. Over all a great night.
