Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Indianapolis Airport
Rating: 4
Text: We were here for a marathon race weekend. Microtel fit our needs. Great for the price. They actually made breakfast early for a team of athletes and other guests needing to leave before scheduled serving time. Beds were comfortable. Front desk staff was very quick to respond when we called.
Rating: 2
Text: Suites are small. Just a slightly bigger room with a couch. Non-smoking room but hallway and elevator smells like smoke. Blaring fluorescent light through the window, which unsurprisingly was not helped by the hairclip they were using to hold them because it was broken. Shower had poor pressure and water only got to lukewarm. "Breakfast" is a loose term for what they had.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel was very clean and looked to be newly renovated. The room was beautiful and had plenty of light, and the bathroom looked to be brand new. It may need a coat of paint in some areas, but is wonderful otherwise. The breakfast was below average - no coffee in sight. Overall a great stay for a quick overnight trip.
Rating: 1
Text: Don't trust this place !!! We had reserved a room... went to check in they told us it needed to be cleaned because the other people just checked out 
So we went on to an even we were going to with calling a uber to pick us up...
We got back and they said that the person that rented the room checked it out another night (lie) so much shady things to write not enough stave 
We biked a sweet
Rating: 4
Text: Clean and convenient. Good breakfast area. Reserved a room with a couch, but instead got an awkward window seat over the AC unit. Jacuzzi made up for the lack of a real couch. Expanded kitchenette in our suite was very helpful. Some decor needed repairs, such as a cracked picture frame and curtains that didn't quite close, but it seemed like management was in the process of getting things fixed and they didn't affect the overall quality of our stay. Would stay here again on our next trip through town.
