Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Louisville East
Rating: 4
Text: Discovered this nifty little place the other day

Pros: Budget-friendly, room style: contemporary, clean, friendly staff, easy check in, decent internet speed, pet-friendly

Cons: Lack of hot-food related breakfast, no microwave or refrigerator, uncomfortable pillows

Summary:
Yo, it's pretty late and you're thinking about powering through that drive, but you've come to realize that you don't want to be an endangerment to yourself or anyone else on the road. One peak in your wallet and you've notice it's not as big as you want it to be. One peak at your soul and you've realize you're pretty cheap, but usually tell everyone your frugal. "That's it! I need a cozy hotel that won't cost me my left ring finger," you tell yourself. Well boom, look no further my amigo. This place, although small was very comfortable. The design of the room is very minimal, and in my case, to my liking. Best of all, check in was easy, the price was relatively inexpensive (I paid less than 60$ excluding tax), and the room was a 9/10 on the cleanliness scale. I would definitely return if I was in the area
Rating: 4
Text: Nice friendly staff. Room was no bigger than a dorm room for a price of over $100. Complimentary breakfast was alright, hard biscuits and black bananas. Other than that was good. Lighting was also odd in the room with no lamps on the tables or next to the bed.
Rating: 2
Text: I don't like to complain, but I feel i must. (Since i found out the manager lied to me sating he wasn't the manager) after a long day of driving, we got to our room, and there was no hot water. My daughter had an accident and had to get in the tub immediately to get cleaned off, so she took a cold bath. We got moved to another room and that to didn't have hot water. Went down stairs talked to Mr Patel and was told he would let me know the outcome. When he came back he didn't have an answer. I was told he would call me to my room. . 40 min passed I called back. . by now its almost 12 at night and was told a plumber was on the way. Keep in mind. All my family had showered and we were going to be out of the room by 6 am, were just driving through.   When I spoke to Mr Patel he told me he couldn't find the manager. At the time I didn't know he was the manager. . I called one more time to find out what was going to happen since we all took cold showers, he said he would call back and I never heard from him. I went downstairs in the morning, spoke to another employee and that's when I found out Mr Patel was the manager. Well. To top all this off. . . in the morning I realized I was sleeping on ants. . Mr Patel completely ignored me and my family with what would have never been a problem. Were understanding people, but to be ignored is simply uncalled for. 
Rating: 2
Text: The room was decent except for that wet carpet smell, but other than that a no frills kind of room... No Ironing board .But the reason for low rating was simply the customer service sucked.. Gave me a hard time because I used a different card than what I used to hold the room...tried to give me a long lecture  about it and said they were going to cancel the room." Good thing I showed up when I did"  Then gave me the wrong card to a occupied room... Like wow ! Really.
Rating: 3
Text: Location was right off the interstate. Very friendly staff. Checking in was easy. Room was good size with a decent bed. This place does offer free breakfast, but I thought it lacked a little bit compared to other hotels.
