Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Florence/Cincinnati Airpo
Rating: 3
Text: Beds are nice but the pillows are quite thick, thankfully I always bring my own. 

No refrigerator which would have been nice.

They say fitness center but it's actually off site. This would have been ok if we weren't hauling a trailer. We ended up simply walking around the area but the traffic is pretty busy. You could probably walk to the fitness center if you really needed it.

Coffee at the lobby is nice and we didn't try the Continental breakfast.

Bathroom had soap and shampoo only but nice towels.

I did use all the space in the room...large window seat and desk area. Great for placing all our items out.

For one night this was acceptable but if we were staying more I would rather have the frig and on site fitness.
Rating: 1
Text: Dark mirrors on wall??? Crack in bathroom wall. Dining area seats were stained and dirty. Pay the extra and stay somewhere nicer if you want to enjoy your stay. If you just want cheap...you hit the jackpot.
Rating: 4
Text: For the price you can't complain about too much. Good location, clean rooms, and a decent breakfast. No bells and whistles, so it saves you money. It's a great place for the cost effective traveler that wants a comfortable stay.
Rating: 2
Text: Not a good experience. Room was ok (see pic), though the desk chair was a conference chair (see pic) not suited to long working. And on check-in an issue with card reader required a few attempts that would seemingly not go through. Receptionist said reader was having issues so we used the other one available. 

Biggest disappointment was that I couldn't check into room as it lacked electronic lock. Went back to desk, was given a old school key.  But then door would barely shut because the inside security latch was misaligned (see pic). Had to lift door to get it shut. 

And the door jam (where the main door lock and deadbolt went) was a shocking mess (see other pic). The main lock had just a sliver of metal securing it.

I can say that most rooms had the electronic lock, and perhaps all had working door jam and security latch, but I was disappointed to be put in the room in this state.

Some other aspects of the check in and check out were dismaying enough (though staff was apologetic) that I will not likely return.
Rating: 2
Text: Fitness center was promised on reservation to find out when we went to use it that it didnt exist.  The tub creeks with every step you take in it.  Floor in room also feels sticky all over.  Definitely can tell this used to be a smoking hotel.  I would spend a little more and stay somewhere else.
