Microtel Inn by Wyndham Champaign
Rating: 4
Text: Staff was very helpful. Rooms were super clean. And good for a budget Hotel. Will definitely stay here again. The only downside would be noise. I would recommend staying in the upper levels of the hotel. Hotel has an elevator.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel room was amazing. The bathroom was well laid out and if my aunt who was physically handicap wanted to stay there, she would have no issue navigating the area. The bedroom area was also well designed and efficient. I had a peaceful night sleep and slept so soundly, I felt like I slept for days. The staff was kind and thoughtful. It was easy to get in and out of the building and parking lot. It's directly off the highway and about a mile from chain eateries and grocery stores. The wifi was strong and easy to connect to. I'm a very "left brain" person and everything was functional, easy to navigate, and comfortable. It was more than I expected and everything I needed.
Rating: 4
Text: *Exceptionally* clean rooms. I can't stress this enough because it's a vitally important fact considering the hotel needs some rehab. Outstanding service. Claudia at the front desk was very helpful, and very quick to acquiesce to my many requests. The comfort of the bed was fair. Ample parking.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice place to stay for being out of town for work. A little bit outdated but very clean rooms. Staff was very nice and accommodating will definitely be back.
Rating: 1
Text: This place blows porcuipine deeiks. 1 star because corn is my favorite vegetable and it's growing everywhere around it. - 4 because the continents were left out of the breakfast, the carpet looks like it was installed by a blind, quadruple amputee, stains on all surfaces, and the only thing that drowns out the smell of ass and cigarette smoke is strippers perfume. Most importantly, mattresses were used in a previous study to simulate waking up in the body of a 100 yr old. Other than that, great place, would highly recommend it
