Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Ann Arbor
Rating: 5
Text: My father was in the ICU at the hospital on campus and the hotel was able to get us in at 2/3 of the original cost that night! My mom and I were a little nervous about how cheap it was! We were pleasantly surprised to enter to a clean lobby and a nice staff. The outside looked appealing and with great curb appeal! The room was a bit small but definitely what you pay for. It had a fridge and microwave and it was clean! The bed was not Super but do able! You also have free breakfast in the morning! My only recommendation is ask for another blanket at night!
Rating: 3
Text: I was in town because a family member was having a surgical procedure performed at the U of M hospital and I had booked a room at Microtel in advance. The room and bath room were clean, but I ended up spending most of the night in the hospital, so I didn't really get a chance to stay there. For the remainder of my stay, through the hospital, I was able to book a room at the Holiday Inn next door, which I really liked. Not sure if the hospital can book a room for you at Microtel, but when they booked it for me at the Holiday Inn, they were able to get me a rate that was $20 less than Microtel. Again, the hospital only makes these reservations at cheaper rates for family of patients at the hospital. With out the hospitals better rate, Microtel was less expensive than the Holiday Inn. Overal, Microtel was nice enough and clean enough for the price.
Rating: 3
Text: Room was functional, and even though near an elevator was still relatively quiet. Breakfast was ok, the waffles were probably the best thing, but the lack of variety was a little disappointing (most of the options were grains like cereal, waffles, danish... so no eggs, yogurt, meat options). But the price was good and it serves it's purpose as a rest stop.
Rating: 4
Text: Everything was pleasant, besides the fact that the room wasnt clean when we were supposed to check in. We switched rooms, though, so it didn't ruin our schedule.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, roomy, nice kitchenettes with microwave and refrigerator. Breakfast typical but appreciated in morning. Nice desk help.
