Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Lincoln
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this hotel negative reviews, I would. Upon arriving, the main light in the bedroom was malfunctioning. It was flashing like a strobe light and unable to be used. Secondly, there was mouse poop on the pillows. Prior to checkout, I went to take a shower and the drain was completely clogged. I took a 5 minute shower and the tub was at least half full of water. The rooms were small, the fridge would not stop rattling, and the wall behind the bed is covered in mirrors. I didn't have high expectations for the cost, but I wouldn't stay here again if someone paid me.
Rating: 5
Text: I booked two nights at the red roof hotel. Showed up and was turned away due to the fact they refuse to allow locals to stay in the hotel. So I had drive to the closest next hotel which was the microtel. The guy upfront was awesome. Gave me a great room. They accept pets. The cost for two nights there saved me 30 bucks anyway. I will be a repeat customer for life. If you want a good price, nice hotel, great staff in Lincoln Nebraska. This is your place.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was clean, and the staff was friendly; however the rooms were much smaller than expected. The breakfast was excellent. 
Thank you it’s awesome ?
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms are decent. The housekeeping isnt very great though. When we got our room there was trash from the prior customers on the floor in the room. Decent but could be a little clener
Rating: 3
Text: Our room has a VERY strong smell of some sort of cleaner which, no matter how long we had the window and door open & a fan running, we could not get rid of. (Gave my husband a headache during duration of our stay.) Staff did arrive promptly to resolve the non-working television which was nice as they were slammed with traffic for the eclipse and fully booked. The bed left is both stuff and sore upon waking. Perhaps I should have only given two stars! We did not eat breakfast there as we left early for our eclipse destination.
