Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Kansas City Airport
Rating: 3
Text: Eh.  The place has obviously seen better days. Clean for the most part, but a tired property. Beds in need of replacement, pretty much flopped out but linens were clean. Towels old and mismatched styles. Public areas were worn with some signs of trying to lightly cover the wear.  Breakfast....pretty sparce even for a budget motel.  Overall, it's served a purpose as a bed before headed to the airport in the morning, but definitely would not recommend for anything other than that.  There are better options.
Rating: 1
Text: One of the worst hotels I've ever stayed at. The sink was leaking and maintenance never came to fix it. The A/C didn't work and when we tried turning on the heater it smelled like burnt toast. The microwave didn't even work and when we opened the microwave door a roach came out.  Towels seemed overused and discolored. House keeping keep walking in while we were sleeping and without even knocking. If I could give it zero stars I would. I recommend booking somewhere else or sleeping in your car.
Rating: 5
Text: Check in with quick. Price was affordable for two adults. Check out times for made clear room was amazing beds were soft. TV selection was subpar. Continental breakfast was amazing had waffles juice cereal muffins. Would definitely return.
Rating: 1
Text: We found the sheets to be wrinkled and there was blood on the underside of the comforter. We had planned to stay on our return trip, but had a family emergency. I called three days in advance to cancel and was told we would not get a refund. It took most of our money to change our daughter's flight, so really did not have the money to stay. I would not recommend this Microtel to anyone. We have stayed at other Microtel Motels and they were fine with a cancellation and the rooms were much cleaner.
Rating: 3
Text: Wasn't as nice as other Microtels I have been to. The Continental breakfast lacked protein in any form other than milk and peanut butter. The beds were comfortable. If all you care about is a night's sleep on your way through, this place will be fine.
