Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Michigan City
Rating: 5
Text: Everything I wanted in a budget hotel and more. The room was impeccably clean. The bed was plush and ridiculously comfortable. I loved the window seat that looked out onto the cityscape. It was also nice to have a pool and hot tub to unwind from our busy day. However, I think the best part was the free breakfast that included omelettes, sausage, waffles, yogurt, fruit, cereal, pastries, coffee, tea, and juice. Because of my dietary requirements I was worried that my choices would be very limited. I was ecstatic that I could fill my plate with food. We will definitely stay at this hotel again. 
Rating: 2
Text: Small room. Bed was comfortable. Room was clean, but had to crawl around for an outlet to plug in electronics. Breakfast was basic. One thing to keep hot...sausage gravy. It was lukewarm and that is generous as to temp. This is my first stay. Could be just what this stay was. Friendly staff.
Rating: 4
Text: I went up to Michigan City with some family to shop at the outlet mall there. We stayed overnight at this hotel for one night. It was a decent hotel, with the usual amenities. I didn't visit the pool our have the complimentary breakfast so I can't comment on those. I liked that our room had a window seat (that could potentially be used as a bed by a small child) and the mattresses were comfortable. There weren't any heavy blankets or a comforter on our bed, though, which was disappointing as our room was very cold when we first arrived. To make up for it, we cranked up the heat. Free WiFi and cable TV was available. Towels were a little scratchy. The walls weren't very soundproof. Although we didn't hear our neighbors, we could easily hear some noisy kids out in the hall that night. Even so, we got a good sleep and were rested up for the drive home the next morning.
Rating: 4
Text: We had some problems scheduling our room for a wedding, but the manager was great and very accommodating. We had some trouble with ACs not working and key cards not working, but everyone worked hard to make it all go right. I was a little concerned that only one person was working at night. The breakfast was good especially the eggs. We had a lot of people in our party that loved the eggs and waffles. Our stay was nice, and I wouldn't mind staying there again.
Rating: 4
Text: We needed a quick easy stop on our way up to Michigan. This worked out perfect. Clean and safe which were my main concerns. A little smaller than I would have thought, but comfortable. We got a great price which helped. There was breakfast in the morning which I appreciate. Also easy to make a quick pit stop at the nearby outlet mall!
