Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Council Bluffs
Rating: 5
Text: Front lobby clean and meat with coffee 24hrs. Front desk person was friendly and very helpful. Room clean and I thought the bed was very comfy. Great pillow selection.   Great selection at breakfast, wish coffee cups were a hair bigger. Our heating/ cooling system was a bit off our first night but we told the front desk and it was fixed by our return. The party at the pool left doors open so pool area was cold. Asked the front desk and they looked into it. Husband and daughter went in the morning and it was better. Would stay her again. Great price.
Rating: 5
Text: The cost of my room was really low!!! And its one of the best places I've ever stayed at!!! Very friendly and helpful staff! The whole hotel was clean and in proper working order. And my room was perfect!!! The bed was just right and the bedding was clean by look and smell!! The one and only thing I'd make different is putting a little fridge in the room!
Rating: 5
Text: Great location along with a great rate!  Room was very clean and tidy.  Beds were soft, water pressure was good and breakfast wasn't bad for how much I paid. 

Central location to zoo and casino. Immediate area wasn't super nice however lot is well lit with lots of parking. Overall I would absolutely stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Not happy. If you reserve a ground floor room they should honor that. I have a 23 month old Irish Wolfhound puppy and I can not do stairs and the lobby tiled floor is to slick. If I had known, you lied, I would have called other hotels. Now it is to late to get another room and I am 4 hrs from home.
Rating: 3
Text: The cost is reasonable and rooms clean with some extra amenities such as pool and fitness.

However, rooms we stayed in did not have a mini fridge or microwave which is fairly standard nowadays. Even the scary looking crack motels that you have to worry about waking up missing a kidney have mini fridge and microwave.

Also, AC unit looks, sounds, and performs like those in said unfavorable motels.

All in all it is a good value for a clean place to lay your head without fear of waking up without kidney as previously mentioned about other locations.
