Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Dry Ridge
Rating: 4
Text: My stay at Micro Inn & Suites was excellent. Rooms were well-kept and organized. The room had an excellent setup when it came to furniture and beds. The complimentary breakfast was also excellent as it had something for everyone's taste. The location of the hotel to the Creation Museum was rather convenient for our van as well. The stat overall was terrific.
Rating: 3
Text: Our stay at the Microtel in Dry Ridge was ok. The hotel is showing its age. It was mostly clean from a housekeeping perspective but the lack of bathroom ventilation led to a muggy atmosphere in the bedroom after a few people took showers. The prices were higher than I expected but it seemed like there was a conference or something going on that drove demand up.
Rating: 1
Text: They say continental breakfast but what you get is small flat egg patties and sausage. Belgium waffles were good. Some fruit and small selection of bread. Coffee was hot. Milk, apple juice and orange juice. Orange juice tasted like it was the really low end stuff you buy at Wal-Mart. 
There was seating for 24 people for the entire hotel. 
The rooms were definitely micro.  Picture a cube with a bed. Maybe 2 feet of room on 3 sides of the bed. I have stayed in many many hotels from Red Roof Inn to the Hilton and this by far is the worst. Seems to be wood construction because I could hear every foot step of the people above. Floors were uneven and carpet was old. Front desk personnel was very nice. Broken tiles in bathroom, drain plug was broken and laying on the side of the tub.
Rating: 3
Text: The quality was not as high as the price. The morning breakfast lady on Saturday was much nicer than the Sunday breakfast. When I called the reservation hotline, they told us this hotel had a pool so we purchased swim stuff and when we got there, there was no pool. The rooms were so small I barely fit a pack and play in it for my infant. But the room had a fridge which was really nice.
Rating: 2
Text: This place would be one star if it wasn't for the hot breakfast (which they didn't keep adequately stocked). Beds are hard, pillows are flat. The central exhaust was inop for the bathroom (so the bathroom fogs up so bad during a shower that the walls drip). Probably why the wallpaper seams are failing...too much moisture in the room. Toilet rocks (not fastened to the floor properly). Shower curtain rod is bent down so the curtain won't stay against the wall...also not fastened well on one end.  Caulk in the shower corner is failing.
 Cracks in the tile on the bathroom floor. Some sort of cuts in the bathroom counter. The fold out luggage holder has a broken strap. Inadequate number of handicap parking spots.
