Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Janesville
Rating: 4
Text: My wife and I were driving through Janesville and decided to find a hotel. We stopped at the Microtel because we checked out the other hotels close by and thought it looked nice and clean. The man at the front desk was very, very nice. He gave us a great price on a room. We've never stayed at a Microtel before and were surprised at how small the room was (thus the name Micro), but we were very impressed. It had everything we needed and was clean. We didn't have any problems with outside noise and the room was nice and dark. I'm glad we stopped and will definitely stay at other Microtels in the future.
Rating: 3
Text: The bed was comfy, but the pillows were not. The walls are very thin and I could hear multiple muffled conversations through them. Otherwise, things were about what I expected. All in all, not bad for what it is - a slightly spiffed-up motel.
Rating: 1
Text: The room was nice and the breakfast was good! HOWEVER, when we checked in the prices were right, when we checked out the lady kept saying oh one moment I need to check something and when we got home they had sent through charges on our credit card that we did not authorize. Including a fee for stolen linens which is not something we would do! And it didn't just happen to us...there was another man that was checking in at the same time that they kept telling that he had to use his personal credit card even though his room was booked under a Business and was using a Business card provided by his company. 

My mom confronted Microtel about this and they said that corporate had to fix it, so she called corporate and they said no if the credit card statement says its from Janesville, WI then Microtel in Janesville has to fix it. 
Rating: 5
Text: Very small rooms. Very nice bed and bedding. Super comfortable.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, nice lighting  options in the room and a comfortable bed. Not all rooms here have a microwave and refrigerator but this one did. While it was very close to a major roadway I heard very little noise. I would definitely stay here again 
