Middle Fork Campground
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful campground.  The scenery with the mountains, the trickling of the river water, and endless blue sky is heavenly. If your trailer is long, you will want to grab a site by the entrance as the others require driving down a pretty steep entry way.  You will bottom out. Plenty of tent camping too.  Bathrooms are very clean although only two shower stalls. 10 minute ride to the nearest town but it's small town so bring what you need.
Rating: 3
Text: Not the best layout for a campground.  Small spaces and we only have a 20' trailer.  Very cool place. Fun hike to see the Natural Bridge and views from the top.  Wish we had more time here to explore.
Rating: 4
Text: clean restrooms, decent campsites, pretty scenery. Good location to trails in red river gorge. easy to get to. 
Rating: 4
Text: I had a blast staying here. I chose a campsite that was set pretty far away from everyone so I had a bit of privacy. Most of the campsites are really close to each other though. There's a pretty creek running through the campground. They have water and electric hookups and shower and laundry facilities. Campsites came with a fire pit. Right up the road within biking or walking distance there is a smack bar, swimming pool, and park area. 
Rating: 1
Text: One of the worst campgrounds I have stayed in. All of the sites were too small to fit a 26 ft trailer with tow vehicle. We had to park in the road. The sites are so close, our slide was literally over the next sites tent pad. There is very little room to maneuver a trailer without driving on the grass or asking others to move their tow vehicles because they have to park in the road due to the sites being so small. The dump station is on the wrong side of the road. To use it you have to park in the road facing oncoming traffic. There is a downward slope at the dump station so the tanks will not drain completely. Some of the sites have the hook ups in terrible locations. Some have the camp area on the opposite side of an RV door. Most of the fire rings are in bad locations. There is no access to the creek without being in someone else's campsite. The boys who work at the kiosk would not sell us firewood as we arrived just as they were closing on Friday. The rules clearly state not to bring in outside wood. But they refuse to sell it. It's like cg was designed by an idiot. The tent only sites looked nice but no restroom near them. So cars were pulling up all night to use the facilities. I have nothing good to say about this cg. It was our first experience in a KY state park. Very disappointed.
