Midtown Inn
Rating: 1
Text: I'm here now, as we speak. The front lady has had a attitude all day. She has literally screamed at me. I feel like she needs to work at another job if she don't want to treat paying customers right.
Rating: 1
Text: WORST experience of my life!!! I stayed one night, was bit over 20 times by bed bugs, I told them I wanted to change rooms and they started screaming at me that they didn't have bugs and to get the f*** out now. So they put me and my 2 babies and made me wait outside with all my bags in the cold for hour and half waiting on a cab. I pray this place is closed down soon.
Rating: 1
Text: Just checked in today and the man down stairs is so rude and he hung up on me..  Really wish I would have spent my hard earned money somewhere else..
Rating: 3
Text: I've been here since March of this year I mind my own business so I don't care what goes on lones it's not in my room it's nice I just need nut sews on my toilet.. A worker was mouthy to my mom but we settled that the best way.. I do have extremely loud music played next door to me often but it's their place to tell them to lower it.. Overall it's somewhere to stay when you want to get away and relax your mind.. 
Rating: 4
Text: I live in hotels and motels for 4 months a year for my job as a sales person. My company pays me a daily rate for accommodations so what i spend less than that i get to pocket so im always tying to find decent places for as little as possible. This motel was not bad at all. The bed was comfortable and clean, Room has a fridge and microwave which is a plus for someone llike me. Wi fi in my room was strong and again that's a plus because I like to watch  TV through my streaming device  more than Hotel cable.Its a good place for the price. My only recommendation would be to try and upgrade the TVs even though I know that can be expensive cost but that way I could have plugged in a device into the TV and watched my streaming shows on the television but I still use my laptop so it's not a huge deal I would definitely recommend this hotel to anybody trying to travel on a budget it's the best hotel I've stayed in for that price range.
