Millennium Hotel Cincinnati
Rating: 3
Text: Pros: Great downtown location near tons of restaurants, stores and bars. Great staff. Cons: Our room had stained carpet. The hotel could use some updates and no free parking. Valet is $28.00 additional dollars a day and Self park is either hourly or $17.00 overnight but no in and out service with the self park set rate.
Rating: 2
Text: Most of the place is being renovated. Our room was very worn looking. The bathroom tiles in the tub where blackened and the fan was completely molded over. The AC unit was in full blast but even then didn't make too much of a difference in the room. We stayed here for 3 nights and our room wasn't cleaned at all after the first night. For the price of the stay, it was a great value. Bed was comfortable and the pool was nicely kept. 
The staff was awesome, they seem very professional and kind. I am hoping that once they finish updating rooms that it will be a great place to stay. I am just a big stickler for cleanliness in bathrooms and I felt very very unclean in the bathroom.
Rating: 3
Text: Very dated hotel. Doesn't appear to be very well taken care of, but was fine for a single night. Bathroom didn't have a vent, which over time seems to have left the room smelling quite musty. I would imagine that's the case in all of the rooms. 

Nice location near the streetcar line, riverfront park, and decent restaurants.
Rating: 4
Text: Good location downtown near attractions, with easy nearby parking. Rooms are adequate, nothing to write home about but simple and tasteful. Service was good, and the restaurant food was tasty even though full dinner service ended early, changing to a late night menu at eight pm. Pool was nice, not crowded and kept clean. If you're the type that is just in a hotel to sleep, would recommend.
Rating: 1
Text: I gave it one star for the location only. I find it hard to believe this is a 4 star hotel. The rooms are very outdated and just look gross. I paid for a room with a "view" which it did not. We had to fight bugs in our room and one of the beds were broken. If u pay 200.00 a night to stay, parking should be included!! They did not even have lotion or conditioner available!! I've stayed at Holiday Inns that were 100x better!! I will never stay here again.
