Mill Creek Campground
Rating: 3
Text: I agree with all the positive reviews people have left about this place as far as cleanliness, kindness of staff, shade, etc - it is very nice - except I found the proximity to the train tracks to be more of a problem than others have stated. The sites are literally 100 feet from the tracks and trains go by all night long about 1-2 times an hour and blow their whistles just as they pass. We travel in a very sound proof bus where normally we don't hear when our direct neighbors pack up and drive away. But I could hear the train each time it passed even with the air conditioner running and ear plugs. I wouldn't stay here again because of that. My husband however is a heavier sleeper and he said it didn't bother him. So if you're a heavy sleeper it's a fine place to stay. 

It can accommodate 45' buses with tows, particularly sites 23, 25, and 27. There is a quarter mile dirt road into the park and all sites are just gravel but they are level and the road is well maintained. 

Verizon cell service is good. After hours check in is available.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a really lovely campground in Paxico, Kansas. It feels like a lovely park. The sites are large and shaded. The bathrooms and showers were clean and top notch! The staff members were pleasant and friendly. The town and outbuildings are loaded with unique items and are charming. I took lots of pictures and this was one of my favorite camping spots on our way home from a cross country trip. There is a train that runs nearby (almost all RV campgrounds seem to be near train tracks) but the park itself was quiet and family oriented. 
Rating: 4
Text: nice cg. Low cost & friendly office folks. Well maintained and clean.   Would definitely stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to spend the night on a long cross country journey. Clean bathrooms. Coin laundry.  Grassy area. Pets welcome. Shady sites.

The campground is somewhat close to the highway. You may want to bring ear plugs. 

Other than that the tent sites are well shaded. Owners are friendly and the facilities are well maintained.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed overnight. Very nice lady at the front desk. A bit tight to get to and into but didn't have to disconnect the toad. We are at 65' with the crewcab 4x4 in tow. 
