Minden Midtown Motel
Rating: 5
Text: Third year stay at this wonderful and clean motel with all the amenities needed, close parking, microwave, fridge, large rooms, very friendly and helpful staff! Price cannot be beat too, extremely reasonable rate for spacious room with 2 beds! Next to the best pizza place in town, grocery store across the street.  Small town, extremely safe. We walked our dog at night. It is two miles off the interstate. We HIGHLY RECOMMEND Minden Midtown Motel!!! Everyone is friendly, and you will want to return!
Rating: 5
Text: Shabby chic? Maybe without the  chic? Which is completely compensated by the wonderful proprietor "Marlene". She greeted us so warmly when we arrived late at night it was like showing up at your favorite Aunt's house. The room was not fancy or perfect, but it was clean, large, and had a huge TV. More importantly it was quiet and dark and we slept well. If you want a low cost, safe, quiet spot to stay just far enough off 80 and If you want to meet a lovely  Egyptian woman who is so happy to be in the US and will pray for you, whether you are a believer yourself, then this is the spot. If you want a sterile, impersonal chain motel there are plenty down the road in Council Bluffs  
P.S. I forgot to mention Minden and the surrounding countryside is gorgeous, and there is a cafe and lounge just around the corner from the hotel. 
Rating: 1
Text: Stopped on our way home from South Dakota. Had 12 people. The rooms she showed us, were decent for the price. Went to the suite and it had bed bugs and stained sheets. We asked for a refund & ate at the diner next door. They were awesome and stayed open for us. They told us it was a disgusting place. Wish we would of went in there before we booked. Told us she lays her sheets on the cars to dry after she washes them. Place smelt like mold, & could see resident (a man who lives in the motel) sitting with just a shirt on and nothing else and the door was wide open. ? The lady who does run it is very nice. I would suggest going down 10 miles to the next exit and getting a room
Rating: 2
Text: Cute room...but almost zero water pressure in shower, surfaces were not bothered to be wiped clean and the heater thermostat is set to turn off before room gets really warm. Unbelievable.  Spend some money fixing the plumbing! And care about really cleaning rooms for heaven sakes. Thank you
Rating: 5
Text: The kindest owner ever. Great clean rooms as well. The price is very low for what get. I will come back when i can ??
