Mineral Springs Lake Resort
Rating: 1
Text: stayed in a cabin last year and it wasn't too bad but smelled a little (not good for a hunting trip) but we delt with it. This year we brought a tent, little did we know the bathhouse was absolutely filthy. By filthy I mean there was poop in the showers and all over the toilets and trash cans. But the lake is nice tho.
Rating: 1
Text: I booked a cabin almost a month in advance over the phone. They didn't tell us when I booked that there was no swimming Monday and Tuesday which were the days that we were staying. We got there a little before check in time and was told that the cabins needed to be cleaned. That was fine with us seeing that we were early. We paid for our cabin and went to do a little fishing. We went back about an hour or so later to get the key to our cabin and no one was in the office. We waited for over an hour for someone to come give us our key. We get to the cabin and it was nice and clean but there wasn't any sheets on the beds like it said there would be online. We just brought our blankets and no sheets because the website said sheets would be provided. The staff was very unorganized and not very professional. We will not be staying there again!
Rating: 3
Text: The staff are nice but if you have signs that are post open till 8 maby closing everyday early should be on the sign and you have to pay everyday to swim that's ridiculous 
Rating: 4
Text: This is our 4th season at Mineral Springs and have made really good friends out there. Like all privately owned camp grounds, there are rules and guidelines to follow. The owner and staff try to provide a safe and clean camping experience.  Those who consume alcoholic beverages are responsible for proper disposal of bottles, cans and other garbage, not the staff. Some of the weekend guests and campers evidently feel that rules and speed limits (10 mph) are for everyone else. Mineral Springs Lake and Resort is a great  place to  relax and meet new friends. If you are new to Mineral Springs and have questions, just ask a fellow camper. There is ALWAYS someone willing to help you out.
Rating: 1
Text: this was a horror show from beginning to end. i will never stay here again. the staff was incompetent and indifferent. too busy having conversations with other people in the store then taking care of paying customers. campsite was littered with papers and beer bottle caps. had to pay to go swimming in the lake. stuck us on a muddy hill side had noise , barking dogs and cats running thru our campsite all night. bathrooms were disgusting one was so bad you couldnt wash your hands because the sink was plugged and filled with dirty water. will never ever recommend this place to any one.
