Mineral Springs Motel
Rating: 5
Text: Love it great ppl great service great rooms too. I give them a 10
Rating: 1
Text: Seriously disgusting.. The mirrors not even hanging on the wall straight!!! The walls need SCRUBBED and the whole bathroom in general. I went and bought disinfectant wipes and cleaned just the surface of everything and my wipes were black. There's little hairs all over the bathroom, shaving cream all down the  vanity..this is just horrible not to mention the floor doesnt look like its ever been even swept. Let's get to the actual room..the curtains all ripped up and used paperclips to hold  together, the tissues having writing and phone #s from the people  before.. The fridge was sprayed with cleaner but not wiped out, the desk chair is all  stained, I'm scared to sit on the bed..I'm leaving now wow
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed a half hour seen cockroaches and mouse droppings all over and the would not give my money back. Health department will be called in the morning for that roach motel
Rating: 1
Text: Place is gross. Pretty sure I got bed bugs. The "maid" service will not only just walk into your room while there without knocking, they'll do it numerous times in the same hour. Blankets had what looked like cig burn holes in them. Trash was just sitting in the corner of the building. Don't stay here. Go down the road a little farther.
Rating: 3
Text: It was fine for  one person staying overnight. Cheap, I bring my own bedspreads and always clean the remote before use. 

You should too even in "fancy" hotels. 

Just think about how you use it, you want that near your mouth?

Anyway, itis close to gas, food, and shopping, park nearby. overall if you're alone or with traveling buddies not a bad spot. not a wife and kids place. 

I think they have smoking in the rooms, if I recall, the room I was in was really bad and after spraying it with febreeze all over the room and leaving for a few hours it was still awful.

The frisge was unplugged, which I thought was odd.

