Mississippi Palisades State Park
Rating: 5
Text: This is a gorgeous, well-maintained campground with great hiking trails and lovely lookout points over the Mississippi river. Trains come by frequently, even throughout the night, but it didn't bother us too much. The fees are affordable, it's pet friendly and has electrical hook ups for the non-tent campers. There's fire pits with grates for cooking at every site, plus plenty of picnic shelters. The rangers are friendly. I loved my stay here! 
Rating: 3
Text: Very scenic park. The campground itself is so-so.  Bathroom/shower house old and worn. Nowhere to set toiletries in the shower.  Water came out in a mist, Hard to rinse off soap and shampoo, especially if you're a short person.  Need paint and a BIG makeover. Signage in park almost non-existant.  Good thing it's a beautiful place, because the amenities need an overhaul.  One more gripe, can't even have a beer or two around the fire. Alcohol strictly prohibited in entire park. We did not know this when we booked, as have never heard of this type of thing. Oh well, we survived for our two night visit.
Rating: 4
Text: Good rappelling and climbing available. One spot is over 100 ft. The woman at the gate didn't see our group on her list even though we had already paid to park there and reserved a campground. Ultimately she just let us through. Since guy from the Illinois climbing club happened to be climbing nearby and saw us rappelling. He said "you know that spot is off limits for climbing right?" We did not know that. It was not marked in any way. All the signs said it was for climbing, so not sure how anyone would know that. Fun place. Great views. Bring lots of bug spray.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful and Picture rest relaxing soothing sunsets beautiful flowers and abundance of fresh air and beautiful landscapes and nature it’s a must see.
Rating: 5
Text: A great place to go camping at and with the extra bonus of great hiking trails to get good photos over looking the Mississippi river
