Mohican State Park
Rating: 1
Text: This park has been a place my family and I have visited every year the past 35 years. We have always loved the camp grounds and the cabins. Recently it has no longer been a place my growing family and I could come and visit. They charge a $160 ( I believe but don't quote me on the exact number) pet fee for bringing your fur children with you- which I understand- this is, I assume put towards the extra cleaning and the peace of mind knowing when I bring my pets next year the cabin will not be infested with fleas. I problem I have with this policy is that it is only for 2 animals. They do not have a fee per animal, it is a flat fee for two pets. We visited the park back in June and wanted to bring our growing family which now includes my two fur children, and  son and his new wife and of course their fur child. We called ahead to find out if we were able to pay an additional fee for our third animal? It was a flat NO. Not at all accommodating. No third pet, we will not work with you or accept additional money for it. I understand a policy is a policy, however when the cabins accommodate 6 people and camping is... well camping I think they need to reconsider the limit of only two animals per site. I understand that with the newly renovated cabins they are trying to keep the place looking nice- however 1 dog could just as easily do more damage than 3 or 4 dogs. They have a fee in place as a safe guard against this damage- if they need to they could instate a policy of taking a deposit for any dog more than the allotted 2 that is staying at the a camp site. At the end of the stay, if no damage is found, the deposit is then returned. it would allow more people to come to the park. We had to change our reservation as we could not pick between our two fur children which got to go and which had to stay. I hope this is taken into consideration.
Rating: 1
Text: Regarding the campground, "campground" is a criminally loose term. It's a RV and trailer parking lot with nice restrooms. The area is much closer to route 3 than it looks on the map, so during the day you will only hear cars and trucks driving by. At night when traffic dies down, the overwhelming ambient sound becomes  RV heating or AC units.
If you're a tent camper like me, this place is utter hell.
As someone who grew up in the southwest going to hardcore campgrounds where "modern amenities" and "there's a restroom somewhere nearby" are interchangeable, this was a very sudden and unwelcome change.
If there is one saving grace anywhere, the restrooms are the nicest I've seen at a campground. That's the only nice thing I can say, but it's something I suppose? It doesn't change that normally I go camping and come home feeling refreshed, relaxed, and better able to handle the stresses of city life but this time I came home feeling exhausted. As a tent camper who needs a true escape into the wilerness, this was just an overall horrible place and easily the worst campground I've ever stayed at.
Rating: 5
Text: It's been a number of years since I was here to camp. When my children were much younger we camped here at least one time a summer. My youngest daughter learned to swim in the pool at Mohican State park campgrounds. We found a number of great improvements. New shower facilities, new playground, new camp store, and all of the sites have electricity. Half price camping with a golden Buckeye card. Yup we're that old now. Come on down!
Rating: 4
Text: Traveled here in our camper van. Nice, level camping, good playgrounds for kids, relatively clean bathrooms. Oh and the camp store serves ice cream. Sweet!
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and family friendly campground. The stay we had here was great from the check in to the check out I don't have any complaints. The staff was friendly and helpful, the bath houses were cleaned daily and were actually clean. The camp sites were freshly mowed right before we pulled in. The commissary had activities going on for the kids to do during the week and can win prizes. The camp store was also well stocked with all the essentials. 

The only thing that I would suggest, and it is not the state park's fault, is that they look into having someone install a cell tower in or near the park. I'm not someone who sits in their campsite on my phone all day, but if I wanted to call someone just to see where they were or if we should meet somewhere there is no cell phone service. You may get a text here or there but to get a reliable voice call is very hard. I also talked with my family about this and thought it would be a good idea in case someone has an emergency and needs to make sure they have a good connection to talk to authorities. Other than that the campground is a great place to spend a family vacation!
