Mohican Adventures Campground & Cabins
Rating: 5
Text: This place is awesome I have went every year with my family.  Mohican features a pool, hot tub, cabins, battle boarding, and more. This is a great place for family. We go here for Halloween trick or treat is free all the campers hand out candy.  Some even set up haunted houses.  Every year a big family comes in and sets up a hand designed haunted walk through on three camp sites.  I would recommend this place for anyone with or without a camper/RV!
Rating: 5
Text: We had a great weekend at Mohican Adventures! The tent sites were spacious and have beautiful views from the top of the hill. The bath house was very large, clean, and modern. The staff were all very friendly and were even welcoming to our dogs. The best part for my husband was that the mountain bike trails are so close. We will be back!
Rating: 4
Text: Lots to do here. Very pretty. The only problem was that the gravel spaces for campers were small. They just need to be redone. Really nice bathhouse. Kids loved the playground.
Rating: 4
Text: All together had fun time, despite a few cons. I like the feel of the branding and campground. The campground is huge and they have a nice remodelled shower house. Close to a few places to eat and shop.was very relaxing and one of the quieter at night large campgrounds.

Cons:
Fishing isn't that good, the lake is not stocked that well, if they stocked it better then fishing would be much better. Also trash around the shores.
The hot tub by the pool was closed and not working while we were there.
Biggest issue for us was that they do not allow golf carts. With how huge this campground is it would have been really nice to have a golf cart.
Rating: 5
Text: If I could give this place a higher rating, I would. It's a perfect day trip for the whole family but it also won't break the bank. The aerial park is amazing, the cost is a bit high but it's definitely worth it. They have many different obstacle courses for different skill levels. They also have cheaper options such as mini golf and go karts, which are both around $7 per person. Everything here is great, but I would definitely suggest the river trips. Tubing, as long as the river conditions are calm. Rafting, which costs more but it's worth the cost because you don't have to worry about tipping over into the river, especially if you have kids. Canoes and kayaks, which are what most people choose because other than rafts, they tend to be cheaper. Either way, there are plenty of options based on your group and how long you want to be on the water. During the trip you pass plenty of stands with food and beer, obviously packing your own can save some money, but if you're in a tube or kayak, I would suggest just bringing some money along for the food stands along the river. So, if you're looking for a fun day trip or even a nice camping vacation, this is the place to go!
