Mohican Lodge and Conference Center
Rating: 4
Text: I was here for a conference and stayed overnight. The rooms are very nice very clean. They seem just as large if not larger than a regular Hotel. There's a restaurant and bar on site the food was good and service was great. The hotel has tons of recreational activities such as a basketball court swimming pool indoor and out hiking and much much more.Getting to the lodge is kind of tricky being that it's on the state park and sits back in the Forest. What's on the property view of the nearby lake and of the forest is so beautiful. I recommend this hotel to anyone.
Rating: 5
Text: I loved this place. It was one of the best places I've stayed in a long while. Although it may not be the most modern place to stay, you will most likely soon warm to the wonderful views and amazing activities available to you. The room service is superb, the pool, exercise room, and restaurant are all excellent. Perhaps the windows are a bit too spider-webby (only along the main hallways, not along the rooms' windows, but if one is willing to stay in the woods one must be prepared for multitudes of bugs. :D 
Also, the staff is ready and willing to help at any time you may need assistance, and I found one of my many visits greatly improved by the fact that the staff just went over the top to please. 
Overall, the best place I've stayed in years. I hope you enjoy your stay, if you're looking at this place.
:D
Rating: 5
Text: The staff has been friendly, the rooms are cozier than a standard hotel, somehow, and the balconies feel private. The stone and great beams make this secluded lodge seem like it grew up out of the forest. With fantastic sunset views, shuffleboard, tennis, indoor and outdoor pools, I could see myself staying for a week. And with the lake and river to canoe, plus the excellent restaurant and lounge, you'd want for nothing, except maybe a few more days to enjoy it.
Rating: 5
Text: I went to Mohican Lodge and Conference Center for a work meeting. The facility was top notch and the staff were extremely helpful and courteous. The scenery is beautiful there as well.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is starting to show its age so do not expect anything too fancy here. Projection TVs and old leather couches are throughout the common areas of the building. The game room also had a broken token dispenser and the front desk had to way to provide tokens another way. This meant the game room was unusable (no idea how often that happens). However the staff was all extremely nice and helpful. The late night bartender especially helped us to have a fun time.
