Monticello Jellystone Park
Rating: 1
Text: The park is a very nice place, with lots of fun activities for kids. It's too bad that the guy running it, Chip I believe is his name, and his son are the worst camp hosts I've ever experienced. Extremely rude, and disrespectful on several instances with him. We have a group of close to 15 friends that camp together just about every holiday weekend, and we will never return to this campground again. I really wish the Jellystone Park organization  could find out about how their name is being represented by these guys, and that they could be replaced.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice camp ground for the family has things to do for kids, bathroom are clean and nice. Did have problems with hot and cold knob in shower. If you love tubing , kayaking or canoeing river behind it makes it easy access just have to make sure you get out before the dam then walk around it an jump back in continue on. It took us about 6 1/2 hours to get to our drop off point.
Rating: 3
Text: It was a good weekend to camp but the damper on it was the park guy. He didn't bother us as much as other members of our family, and I watched him bother other campers. He would track down/chase anyone he thought wasn't obeying a rule. I get wanting people to follow rules but he was clearly obsessed with this portion of his job. I watched him harass a young girl at the pool because he didn't think she paid. It was embarrassing and humiliating for her I'm sure since she clearly had. He sent her back with an ice cream for bothering her. I think her parents (had they been with her) would have freaked out! Any way, this was the biggest downer of the whole experience; otherwise, the sites are clean and nice. Oh yeah, it's $5 a person for anyone over two people per site, which is two less than most campgrounds. They seemed to charge for everything!
Rating: 1
Text: We've been coming here since 2003 with a canoe trip in memory of my father-in-law who died of cancer. We have been treated like royalty until the last few years. My friends 2 tents were ruined a couple of years ago due to sewer coming up through the ground...they said they would reimburse her, if she sent them a receipt...she did...nothing happened. We thought we would give them another chance, just to find out they would be extremely rude to us over various things. This will definitely be our last time here. Can only handle so much. I would not recommend this place whatsoever. Very rude management.
Rating: 1
Text: Absolutely dreadful experience with the owner. While exiting with my friends and family I was reprimanded for avoiding pot holes by some clown on a golf cart with absolutely zero regard for professionalism. This man attacked us with his golf cart, nearly causing a collision. He also had a very aggressive approached towards my vehicle upon having a verbal fit of rage about something that I was shocked to had been confronted over. This place is a joke, I'll never be back. 
