Morton Street Bed & Breakfast
Rating: 1
Text: I tried to make reservations for several days. I emailed , called , and left messages. I received no returned emails or calls. Would have been nice to be able to give a better review based on an actual experience there.
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing  B&B ..1800 year  old  house . .
Lovely  Rooms, friendly  owners,..hot breakfast  is so delicious . .
Walking  distance  to  all the cute shops..
Enjoy chatting  with  other  people  staying  there.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a very positive experience here. Great location,  Rose was lovely, and very accommodating.  Room was very comfy. Would stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: My niece and I stayed in the "Guest Room." We were told the keys would be in the mailbox with our name on it since we would be there after 5pm. Things were going great at first. Once we began unpacking, we noticed pink mold on the shower curtain as we put away our shampoo. Then we noticed mold along the tub, the linoleum along the tub was coming up and had filth along it. 

The next morning the only person we ever saw was a young amish girl who served the breakfast. We never saw anyone else the entire time. We stayed 2 nights. The pictures will also show the dust and filth in the bathroom along the floor and around the toilet paper holder. Breakfast the next morning was terrible. The frozen cups were frozen solid. The creamer for the coffee was expired (see picture). 

That evening I called Kelly, one of the owners. She was rude. I am not talking irritated. I'm talking RUDE that I was bothering her. I explained about all that I noticed and was stunned at it all. What really made me shake my head was as we came in, we noticed breakfast for Sunday morning sitting on the counter. Now, keep in their website states FULL HOT BREAKFAST which leads you to believe that means daily. WRONG. That means when they feel like. The rolls for Sunday morning were sitting out with a plastic unsealed wrapper around them. The butter and jam (which the jam clearly said refrigerate after opening) were sitting out. 

I told Kelly my concerns especially the concern about the SPOILED CREAMER still sitting out. She stated she told the gal to replace them but apparently didn't. Oh well, I could use milk if it wasn't expired. She had ZERO concern for the guests and didn't even know who I was. 

Now the reason people chose a B&B is for the personal comfort and personalized service. We had none of it because no one was anywhere to be found. Kelly told me if I wanted creamer, then I could get my own or walk to the Bakery next door which she also owns and get my own but she was busy and didn't care that the creamer had spoiled 2 months ago and curdled the milk. 

She agreed to refund 1 nights stay. If she doesn't, the charges, of course, will be disputed on my card. STAY AWAY. There are HUNDREDS of B&B's in that area, find another one. 

The place needs a good cleaning, updated, owners who care.
Rating: 5
Text:  The B&B is located in the heart of Shipshewana and is within walking distance of almost everything - the flea market, the Blue Gate Theatre, shopping, and restaurants. The staff is friendly, the rooms are clean, and the breakfasts are delicious. 
