Motel 6 Sedalia Mo
Rating: 5
Text: Usually stay at home but decided to take a break and stay at this motel. It was amazing. Very friendly workers. The houskeepers helped us pretty much with whatever we needed. And the front desk guy even went out of his way of getting us some ice from the ice machine. Had brand new pillows on the bed and nice clean unstained sheets . Everything was great!! More people should stay here!! Very clean room! Really friendly people!! And coffee to offer in the morning!!! Very cozy!! Thought it would be a bad experience from the reviews but they were wrong. I wouldn't want to stay at any other motel and it's inexpensive to boot.!
Rating: 1
Text: The staff was very friendly but extremely slow. There was a broken beer bottle on the ramp leading to the front lobby door when I came in. There was one small soap bar in the bathroom, no lotion, no shampoo. I have never stayed in a hotel that didn't have those basic items.  I asked for extra towels and was given towels that looked old and damaged with yellow stops on them. The room did not smell fresh . Carpet in the hallway was dirty, in dire need of vacuuming. There was a lot of paper and trash under both beds in my room. Not a good experience.  Glad I didn't need more than one night.
Rating: 4
Text: I've been staying here since late July due to work.  I can honestly say that they have treated me well and are great people and under new management or owners rather and have given me great weekly rates and have strived to make it a better place. No complaints here.
Rating: 1
Text: There was a blood stain on the comforter which was disgusting and we had to sleep without it. The bed wasn't made properly and only had two pillows on a king size bed. I reserved the room for two adults but the room was stocked for one guest. The bedside tables were sticky and had residue from a previous guest still on them. This was the worst room I have stayed in at a Motel 6. Please be aware that I will be very vocal about this on social media and Yelp. We love coming to Sedalia but this was a horrible stay experience.
Rating: 1
Text: We checked into the first room to find a boxed up air conditioner in the middle of the bed. They moved us to a room on the first floor that smelled horrible - musty and damp. The bed was literally inverted and had stained sheets on it and 2 toddler sized pillows. My husband used the bathroom only to stomp on a cockroach within 5 minutes of being there. Needless to say we forfeited the money to move to another hotel. They claimed we would be refunded for our second night's stay and provided me with a receipt showing the credit but it still has not processed through my credit card company. When I called the hotel they told me to call my credit card company - seriously? DO NOT STAY HERE!
