Motel 6 Cleveland West - Lorain - Amherst
Rating: 5
Text: Ashley was very helpful in getting me a room so my small dogs didn't bother anyone and on the first floor. I was very thankful. Also motel 6 doesn't charge extra for your pets I won't go to other hotels if they do. The rooms were modern, clean, stocked well, and everything worked. I just wished they had a small fridge but I loved it. Definitely will come back. Price you can't beat!!
Rating: 4
Text: I had a very nice stay.  Was looking for a room for one person, just to crash on a long trip. The room was clean and well organized for an individual, but probably could have fit two. There were not a lot of amenities in the motel, but there were a lot of conveniences nearby including gas stations, restaurants and fast food. The people at the desk were friendly and efficient. If you like to loll in the lap of luxury while on vacation, you are probably going to want a different venue, but if you are looking for a place to sleep in comfort for a few hours while traveling or on business, this is a good choice for the price!
Rating: 3
Text: Nice room at a decent price for the weekend. Did not fuss about the expen set up on grass next to the parking lot for my dogs (I picked up all the poo).

Need better mattresses - felt like I was sleeping on a cement slab.

My friend's vans were broken in to - at least mine remained untouched.

They were quite clean, the stay was pleasant enough.

Very happy with Motel 6's pet-friendly policy.
Rating: 4
Text: Managment extremely nice! Rooms were adequate but even after serviced, they weren't very clean. Area was quite. Great location! Lots within walking distance,
Rating: 1
Text: Worst stay at a motel I've ever had! Was told on the phone there was plenty of one bedroom rooms available the price would be 5175 with tax included total we arrived they said they were booked at had to charge us for two beds which were equivalent to sleeping on 2in thick futon mattresses no soap no shampoo we had to pay over $70 for the room there was only 7 cars in the entire parking lot and to top it all off in the morning it was not even check out time and was already being told it was check out and time to leave never again will I stay at this Motel and I advise anyone else not to also there was sagging ceilings and mold in the bathroom paint three different colors where nobody had finished painting the walls it was atrocious
