Motel 6 Dayton- Englewood
Rating: 5
Text: Short and sweet. Would have liked to have another set of towels but we only stayed for the weekend. Carpets may need to cleaned. Took shoes off. Walked from AC unit to bathroom and bottom of socks soaked up some liquid something that turned my socks a tanish color. Maybe something spilled and not enough time to dry. Wasn't bothered by noise or anything. Nice after a long drive to go in and sleep.
Rating: 3
Text: Great location off of Rt 70. No extra pet charge.
The very basics. I.e. no shampoo. A bar of soap and a wash cloth.
Next to Waffle House for breakfast.
Lots of outside traffic noise.
Rating: 2
Text: Don't get on their bad side or they will go Sharia on your ass. First: I'm medically disabled, on crutches and in constant pain. I need sleep and rest; I'm basically bedridden with the ability to drive occasionally. That's why I stay at a motel at the moment; I have nowhere else to go. Anyway, for some reason these guys decided to start tormenting me, starting with moving me to a different room for no apparent reason. They lied and said it was reserved; it was not. And--surprise surprise, dirty sheets and pillows in my new room. I asked for them to be changed but they didn't change the blanket or bedspread and then they left my door ajar. I came back an hour later and luckily my stuff was all Ok. Next comes an out-of-the-blue password requirement for wifi. I've been here a week and haven't needed a password, but now all of a sudden I do. And--surprise surprise, the lady at the front desk says I shouldn't need a password and I'll have to call tech support. Finally got it straightened out but really annoyed with the weirdness.
Rating: 2
Text: Duty person not very personable. Gave me key to wrong room. Did not apologize for me having to walk back to office from opposite end of bldg to get right key. Ice machine not in a central location. Bedspread had big whole in center of top. No fridge or microwave. Did not like overall cleanliness. Will not stay there again.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel room was kept clean and neat. Ice, laundry and vending machines were available to us 24-7. Lots of room to walk dogs. 
Easy access to highways, restaurants and stores.
