Motel 6 Indianapolis East
Rating: 2
Text: I chose this place because Motel 6 usually has nice places for the price they charge. Struck out on this place. 
They charged extra for wifi, which didn't always work and only supported one device at a time. The room I was in reeked of smoke. The housekeeper came the first and second day, but not after, which was simply weird. 
I'm pretty sure some of the guests live here full time, which is against policy; I watched two families bring all of their stuff out of their rooms and move it another hall down. Most of the residents seemed nice, but listening to one fighting match was more than enough.
The night staff hate their jobs. Every time I've gone in, they've been rude and distracted. One was even on their cell phone while I was trying to get help!
For the money I spent on this place, I'd rather spend an extra $10 a night and go someplace nice. 
Rating: 3
Text: well,  I wasn't impressed at all..but the hotel just switched ownership  .. it is now called welcome inn..  they were in the middle of remodeleing i guess... i wish them luck..no bathtub in my room..people were very nice  and sent someone very quickly when my toilet wouldn't flush...  hopefully  the renovations will help  the place.  prices were reasonable.. not a lot of amenities  as of yet...
Rating: 1
Text: ! Drug dealers love to live here. Ya they got cameras and a guard but it doesn't do much. In the 2 weeks one as there I saw at least 1 room party a night. and they put us out at 11pm bc a guy i work with had his wife come down after work and she wasn't on the list for the room. B.S! So they had 3 cops show up and kick out! While 5 rooms down had at least 10 people in the room partying. So I would have to recommend not staying here!
Rating: 1
Text: Requested non-smoking, got smoking.  The bed clothes were awful, wouldn't stay tucked in, under me.  Cigarette burns in coverlet and blanket.  The floor was grimy.  No Coffee??  The shower head was junk, couldn't be raised to point at me.

That said, I did appreciate the lack of carpeting, and generally things were in good repair.

This was my first and last stay in a Motel 6.  Learned from my mistake.  I felt anxious the entire stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Two nights, required for sleep and showering as inexpensive as possible. Not hanging out in a hotel room all weekends, so I did not see the reason to pay extra. This Motel served its purpose. The place is in need of some upgrades for sure. But the air blew cold, the bed was comfortable and the water was hot.
