Motel 6 Springfield Oh
Rating: 1
Text: I have never stayed in a place like this Motel. I had prepaid reservations and when I arrived my room was not cleaned. It was the last room available at the motel and I arrived at my stated time, 11 p.m. I had no choice but to stay overnight in the room because all other accommodations in the area were full. The drop ceiling over the tub had missing tiles and the tub had a rusty red debris in it as though someone had been injured and bled into the tub. There were used towels on the counter and the toilet had not been cleaned. Both beds were made up so I slept in the one farthest from the door. I checked out of the hotel by 9 a.m. the next morning and received a refund for the remaining night of my stay. I am still waiting to hear from the location manager for a refund of the night that I did stay. I will never stay at a Motel 6 again and I will never recommend the motel or any Associated locations to parents of Wittenberg University students.
Rating: 4
Text: Normally I would not give 4 stars to a motel, but the experience was much better than anticipated. Clean, super huge room! King suite. Newer laminate wood floors. We could have played hockey in there. The bed was more like a 3 star bed. Not awful, kinda creaky, just not great. Desk help was super friendly.
Rating: 2
Text: I appreciate the fact that this motel has tried to "upgrade" itself, but paint shouldn't be the only "upgrade", Every time I turned the facet on to brush my teeth, I was automatically sprayed with water and it was difficult to maneuver it to where you wouldn't get soaked. The ceiling above the shower was gross. One board looked like it was about to fall through. I also asked for a non-smoking room, which I had, but literally you open the door and there's just a gust of smoke air that suffocates you, because you put the non-smoking rooms right beside the smoking. MAKES ZERO SENSE. There was hair on my sheets (not my own) which makes me wonder if the sheets were even changed. (You'll say yes though I'm sure). I won't be staying at another Motel 6, I tried to give the benefit of the doubt, but I'll spend more money next time on a better room at another hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was very large, clean, and appeared newly renovated.  Oddly empty for the space available -- maybe it's intended for a "suite" at some future date?  Only complaint was that there was no cold water in the sink.  We checked under the counter, but turning the inflow valve didn't make any difference.  Otherwise, a comfortable room and pleasant stay (and we appreciate your per-friendly policy!).
Rating: 4
Text: The room was clean and comfortable.  Two items were irritating.  The fan is terrible, much too loud and one can't use sink  without having the fan on.  You should only need fan on when using the toilet or shower but not just for sink.   

Also the sink stopper has to be opened by pressing on it with your finger.  If you have "dirty" water in sink, not pleasant to have to stick hands in it to open stopper.
