Motel 6 Troy Il
Rating: 3
Text: Clean room, easy breezy stay with our 2 cats. Staff very friendly. All the amenities I expect for the low rates. On a cross country move, I appreciate saving money, I have my own shampoo. The major problem is the thin walls. You can hear your neighbors' phone conversations and kids down the hall screaming. Water pressure in the shower was horrible. ?
Rating: 4
Text: Room is cleaner than any other Motel 6 that I have ever been. It has a microwave and a small fridge as well. One downside is: At the back side of the hotel there is a parking lot for trucks. It is loud with running trucks during night time. As soon as we entered the room I realized the truck noise and asked for a room change. Clerk was very nice to help me out. She changed the room but I had to pay more because she told me the rooms which are looking to front area are more expensive than the ones which are looking to back. I normally stay maybe 10 to 15 times in a year at different locations of Motel 6. I have never experienced something like paying a different price because of the location of the room. Originally I wanted to stay in a room with a king sized bed but front sized of the hotel didn't have a room available with a king sized bed so we had to take the room with two full sized beds by paying extra because of the location of the room. We were not too happy but it is what it is.
Rating: 4
Text: Definitely a no frills place to stay.  Minimal, has soap, clean towels, but no shampoo or conditioner.  The room has a fridge and micro wave.  Nice.

No breakfast foods, but coffee.  For the money it is a good no frills place to stay.
Rating: 4
Text: We were here for a week and it was a pretty good stay.  We have two small dogs, and the staff wanted to clean the room at least twice during our stay, which was a problem, since I work from home and this would have been disruptive to my job.  The owner Mich understood this and had the cleaning staff leave us alone as long as we kept the room clean (which we did).  We really appreciated the consideration and willingness to work together to solve this issue.

The microwave was broken, but the staff replaced it quickly.

This motel must have gone through a renovation recently, because it is updated and very awesome.  I would definitely recommend this motel to others.
Rating: 1
Text: I went to the bathroom in room 249 around 2 am. Looked down and there was a lot of roaches on the floor and in the bath tub. I walked out the bathroom to see if I saw any more outside of the bathroom and there was! I turned the lights on and of course they scattered. Immediately I pack my bags to request another room. Of course they have no more available rooms. I ask could I at least get a refund for my purchase. The desk rep stated “I can not do that sir it is close to 3 am.” Which is correct but I would expect to at least leave a note of some sort. So I asked him what he expected me to do?! He stated “just turn the lights off my manager will be here by 7am they will not bother you and my manager can give you another room in the morning.” I replied “well that’s f***** up if you expect me to stay in that room while it has roaches in it.” He shrugged at me and I proceeded to walk out. I have never experienced this before I usually read reviews about places and I really didn’t do that before coming here but I completely learned my lesson with this place. I can’t speak on all other rooms but this room in particular I can say I visually saw a lot of roaches in the room when I woke up to use the bathroom.
