Motel 6 Hammond - Chicago Area
Rating: 5
Text: I love staying at Motel 6; the idea that you've "left the light on" for me and I will have a clean safe and affordable place to lay my head after a long day of traveling is reassuring. This trip was no different. The hotel staff at this particular motel were amazing; my husband is a cancer patient and needs certain special accommodations and the staff were so receptive and engaging. From the front desk to the room attendants to the guys removing trash, etc. Everyone was wonderful. Thank you again for a marvelous stay. We explored Chicago but came back each night for 4 nights to sleep in Hammond Indiana at Motel 6. THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!
Rating: 4
Text: Toilet needed to be cleaned more thoroughly! Overall a great experience, although I wish the guests placed next door to us would have been put somewhere far away but I  guess you can't have your cake and eat it too  lol I would definitely recommend this for a short or extended stay. My puppy loved it and so did I
Rating: 2
Text: I really enjoy the location and easy accessibility to your hotel. I thought I have found that on my previous stays at this particular hotels Motel 6 that my rooms have not been thoroughly cleaned bathrooms have been found to still have hair and stains in the toilet as well as debris on the floor. The bathroom still have items left on the floor for the previous stay I have found that the beds the Linens haven't been changed they just been restricting found pubic hairs cigarette butts and other items left in the morning when I brought this to the attention of the person on duty she told me that there was no way that this could be happening and I actually had to check out and go and stay somewhere  else because I could not believe that she would tell me this I was lying to her and that I wasn't seeing what I was saying. But since then I have returned and I stayed three or four nights a week I have sent I am still experiencing rooms that are not there only being clean sweat and or mop and dust it nor are they being thoroughly  changed as far as bed linens
Rating: 1
Text: The room was clean on the surface. I left there was stain on comforter I was told to take it off no one sleeps under that anyway. The phone was old looked like it hadn't been cleaned in FOREVER. The final straw after I wiped down everything and sprayed disinfectant was the toilet. It had black mold around the rim. I Left and went to a different hotel. I spoke to the manager the next morning. She apologized i and was given a full refund.
Rating: 5
Text: Was a surprising discovery at the last minute. Stayed with a toddler and I will recommend it absolutely. Clean and very friendly. However doesn't have any fridge, only a communal microwave. They also have a great complimentary coffee in the morning, which helped kick start the next bit of travel. Will visit again for sure.
