Motel 6 Urbana Il
Rating: 5
Text: I'm giving this a five star rating, because it exceeded my expectations for a 1 star hotel. I'm not trying to imply this is a five star hotel. It is not. But for the price we paid, it was worth every penny. Sure it smelled a bit funny and the bathroom needed some updates. But the room was clean, bed was comfy, bedding looked new and well maintained. The room had a modern decor. We had a mini fridge and microwave that both worked. My only complaint was that it took a few minutes for my shower water to go from warm to hot. And since that was my only complaint, I thought this place deserves five stars.
Rating: 3
Text: Having spent a lot of time in the third world I am pretty easy to get along w/ when it comes to motels and I don't want to pay a lot for a mint on the pillow. I know that I won't get luxury or the price of a Motel 6 and I like the bargain of no frills and a low price, but I have to say the numerous cock roaches in each of the two rooms we occupied going to and coming from our ultimate destination were a bit much. I would think most people would find them completely unacceptable fortunately, my room mate has also experienced third world hotels.
Rating: 3
Text: The good: My room felt clean and fresh. The man that checked me in was very friendly and professional and made sure I had everything I needed.
The bad: The interior hallway and stairs carpets are absolutely disgusting. I was really worried what my room was going to be like as I was walking up to it. Seems time to totally replace them- I'd say they're beyond even a deep, deep clean.

Overall, it's a motel I would stay at again- especially since my only complaint is pretty minor since the room itself was clean!
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms had a great ambiance and temperature control. Hard wood (lament) flooring. Cable but the signal was a little blurry. Curved shower rods for extra space. Room was ready on time with ample parking.
Rating: 4
Text: For the price it's about as good as you can expect. It's clean, it's efficient, and the staff was nice. The hallway smells a little funny, but again for the price tag it's just fine.
