Motel 6 Goodland Ks
Rating: 4
Text: Great price, easy transaction. Room was very small but had what we needed, including microwave & fridge. Both the room and the bathroom were clean, no complaints! My favorite aspect of our stay was how welcoming they were to our dog! Very pet friendly and clean.
Rating: 5
Text: My room was clean and neat. The bed was comfortable. The service was was second to none. Best nights stay for the price!
Rating: 3
Text: Location is great, right off of highway and near several fast food joints. Check in was a breeze and staff was friendly. Room was as expected and comfortable enough. Sink and shower drain would clog and take extended time to drain, but I wasn't too worried about it. Stayed only one night, so I can overlook these issues. Would have liked to have a small breakfast offering along with the coffee that was provided. Overall, it was as expected and I was happy with the price and service.
Rating: 3
Text: Dear Motel 6. The shower needed to be recapped in the bathroom. There's black mold growing on the caulk in the shower. The baseboards the baseboards need to be dusted. There's no alarm clock in the room. So we had no idea what time it was. When our phones were dead and needed to be charged. Some pictures in the room would be nice maybe to over the beds. More traditional-looking pictures. There's no coffee or tea in the rooms. The decoration was good we like the orange on the walls and the other paint the beds look nice. However the beds need more pillows maybe four pillows for each bed would be great. A nice extra that would also help as maybe having one or two pictures in the bathroom. Also there's no fan in the bathroom. To get rid of the steam. The pool was drained of water so we couldn't use it. It would be good to at least have a full breakfast or some dry cereal and hot cereal for breakfast and some milk. And it's good to let people know that there's no shampoo and conditioner in the rooms cuz sometimes people don't bring shampoo or conditioner in the rooms. There were a lot of spiders and bugs in the room. Other than that the furniture was great doors are nicely painted we couldn't really lock our door too well. And we understand that Motel 6 you get a low price with no amenities but let people know that or just I have a shampoo and conditioner together instead of two separate bottles just do one shampoo and conditioner and then a bar of soap. What else. Thank you for at least decorating the rooms that was a nice thing to have brand new redecorated rooms and paint. I will recommend Motel 6 to other people but tell him make sure to bring your shampoo and conditioner. And bring your own coffee.
Rating: 5
Text: Room was completely remodeled with new modern decor. Was well worth the value. And they are pet friendly! My husband and I travel with both of our schnauzers. We will definitely use Motel 6 again. Great room, great price!
