Motel 6 Chicago West - Villa Park
Rating: 3
Text: Pulling up to the location was not a good experience.  Very run down. Lobby looked great. Staff very friendly. Stairs closest to our room were locked so we had to walk the entire length of the hotel to get to our room which was inconvenient with our luggage. The floors were starting to lift in the room. Curtain was broke and didn't cover the entire window. One of the beds sheets was dirty or stained but it was gross. The closet is non existing had a dress to hang and it didn't fit. Was only able to get 3 or 4 things on the pole. The beds were comfy and the bathroom was nice. Liked the idea of no dresser, who uses it anyway.  Maybe a low bench of some kind to set luggage on would be great though. Didn't like the idea of setting everything on the floor.
Rating: 5
Text: The room was in great condition.  It was very clean and appeared to be newly remodeled.  I was impressed when I walked in the door.  It was not what I was expecting.  I would recommend to anyone looking for a great deal and good service.  I needed to get away and have some alone time with God.  This provide the perfect spot.
Rating: 1
Text: Where do I begin! Just do yourself a favor and skip this motel. 
The bed is as comfortable as a couple of sheets of plywood stacked on top of each other. 
The wood floors were filthy. If you like black feet after getting out of the shower this is the place for you. 
The cold water didn't work in the sink in the bathroom and shower head sprayed more water behind it than on you. 
When you ask the front desk to look at these items they huffed and acted like you were bothering them. 
Management at this motel is very rude.
Rating: 5
Text: When I stayed at Motel 6 over the summer I was very impressed with the room and the customer service. I would consider motel 6 a very kid friendly and affordable motel. It was also in a great location where there were plenty of restaurants and attractions for our vacation.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed at motel 6 years ago.. but I recently stayed there and they have upgraded tremendously the rooms were nice... also the receptionist Robin was very nice and made me feel welcome... I will definitely visit again!!
