Motel 6 Chicago Southwest - Aurora
Rating: 1
Text: Unbelievable noise from C Club across the street.  No sleep due to incredibly loud music! Called front desk twice - they refused to call police. Loud music is clearly a public nuisance. Will NEVER stay here again! Will ask for refund.  Heed my advice and just keep driving. Deserves 0 stars. Drove 9 hours to get belongings out of storage to take back to new hometown. Will probably take 2 more trips to get everything, but will NOT be staying here again.  What a nightmare. Exhausted from driving, and then have to put up with this unbelievable noise. Will spend the extra money next time and stay somewhere decent, clean quiet and safe.
Update:. Front desk had so many complaints from other guests, they finally called Aurora PD. Music noise actually got worse after PD supposedly told C Club to turn it down!!!  
Other bad news: Ants in bathroom.  Homeless man rifling through trash can right in front of office, then followed me in to office to get coffee!!!   
LESSON LEARNED - NEVER AGAIN.
Rating: 4
Text: Stay on 05/27/17.  Good Overall stay.  Location was great.  Front desk staff was great.  Room was good.  Only issue is dial was missing on the air conditioner.  I used pair of pliers to turn the dial to turn the unit on.  I notified front desk of issue upon check out.
Rating: 5
Text: They are updating hotel right now but still plenty of rooms available and the price was low. No breakfast but they have coffee. Right across the street from the outlet mall so a good location and the price was right. Ample big truck parking and a close location to get on your way without the issue of trying to find parking at a truck stop. The televisions need updated but other than that not a bad place to lay your head for a night or two
Rating: 1
Text: The lady Norma at front desk is always fast and friendly. Need to make her manager! Not the new manager he sucks, inappropriate. Calling guest snoop dog, yes we hear you! Trucker knocked out electricity, no cable period, and young girl working evenings is useless. Called me rude when we had no electric or lights or hot water. Where is my refund? Free night? I'm never compensated at this hotel. Even before when maids left my door open! When you gna make this up to me? Hire a manager who is around!
Rating: 3
Text: I had a good stay. Staff was helpful and friendly, and rooms were clean.  The ice machine and vending machine were out of order which was disappointing.
