Motel 6 Des Moines East - Altoona
Rating: 2
Text: The receptionist at the front desk seemed nice, but not very caring. I had to ask what room we were in because she handed us the key cards and didn't tell us what room they were for, nor was it written on the card sleeve.The first room we were assigned smelled like mold. We didn't stay long enough to find any, and requested another room. The second room didn't smell like mold, but we did find mold in the bathroom before we left. The floor on the bathroom had visible mold in it.This may have been because of what looked like remodeling, but the first room wasn't near the remodeling area. The pool was nice, with the water being the perfect temperature for the weather outside, it was refreshing. The walls were extremely thin, you could hear people talking in their rooms as you were walking down the hallway. The beds were comfortable enough, but there was lint all over the sheets (not a lot, but noticeable). The water pressure was great for the shower, but the bathtub filled up with water very quickly while taking a shower that we had to take a shower very quickly.
Rating: 3
Text: Cheap Sleep

In the past I had given up on this motel chain but when the hand of sleep tugs at your eyelids, you take what you can get and quick.
Pros-
The room had decent amount of space to allow for comfort.
Clean room.
Considering that the mattress was a little rough, the sleep quality was good.
Room had refrigerator and microwave.
Located not far from the interstate.

Cons-
This location shares the same road/area with a 24/7 gas station. For anyone that’s a light sleeper, you may want to request a room away from the majority of the noise.
Bathroom sink was slow to drain.
Overall: For the price, it allowed for a safe stay and good night’s sleep.
Rating: 4
Text: Our stay was pleasant,the room was clean and nicely furnished.It also was equipped with a refrigerator and microwave.We really enjoyed the heated indoor pool too, especially after our exercise from walking at the Iowa State Fair. The desk help was extremely courteous and do their job well. I would have given it a 5 star but our room smelled a musty the first night but was better the next day. I would recommend this motel especially since it was close proximity to the Casino,Adventureland and the State Fair. There was numerous places to eat close by and buy any snacks.
Rating: 2
Text: When we arrived the front desk woman was great, she was helpful and happy. But when we got to the room that was a different story. There was a wet wash cloth still hanging on the shower rod. Both bed had bad mattresses, we could feel there was nothing to them, I felt the coils and I had a hard time sleeping, I tossed and turned all night and I got up with a soar back and extremely tired. The floor were not carpeted so when I walked on them after showering, I can feel the dirt on the floor. I walked from the bathroom to the far bed then to the sink and back to the bed and when I lifted my foot it was black. I washed my feet and my boys feet and put socks on and after a few steps my white socks were black.
At check out when I told the lady at the front desk about the towel and especially the floor she made all sorts of excuses. I mentioned that it seems like the floor had not been mopped in days and what I got back in a strong tone was, "they get mopped every day". Then continued with her excuses. I didn't need all of that, all she should have said was, I am sorry that the floor were dirty and I will make sure our maid/maintenance crew is aware. 
I may go back again but if I end up with the same problems especially the beds then I will never return.
Rating: 2
Text: The location was excellent for our visit to the State Fair. We were very disappointed in the room. Only amenity was a small bar of soap by the sink which only gave cold water, the next day a bar of soap was also left in the bathroom. The bath mat was damp and had dirt mark on it when we arrived and continued that way during our two night stay. Our confirmation stated the room was carpeted, but had aged, wood appearing linoleum instead with chips off in places. Had not been cleaned under beds for quite awhile. Still had a cigarette under one bed. The beds did sleep well though. There was no clock in the room. We were only there for a few hours each night so decided to not change motels.
