Motel 6 Salina
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel is generally safe, newly redecorated, and well staffed. It's pretty typical for the Motel 6 chain. I stayed in an accessible room and it was in good confition. Everything worked well. 

My only complaint would be that the bathroom floor was filthy. Not surprising, as I have encountered this situation in many properties in this chain.  

What gives with that?  Shouldn't they discount my room if I clean the floor on my hands and knees? (Not a good activity for someone with health concerns.)
Rating: 1
Text: Shower have excellent water pressure. Got out of shower to find no bath towels. Used 2 hand towels to dry off, then used them to mop the water that leaked out during shower, needless to say, they where black as I used them to walk around the room.  Shower drains extremely slow, by the time I was done there was 6" of water in the tub. Called the desk clerk to bring towels to the room, he said he had nobody around to do that and asked me to come get them if I wanted them now. TV is large with a good picture/air conditioner is quiet and working great. Going to bed now, hopefully it's comfortable, tell you later! 9/16/17
Rating: 5
Text: This not one of the best, BUT the best Motel 6's that I have stayed at I a very long time. From the time I called to make my reservation till I left the service was excellent. Sonja took my reservation and accommodated my needs of a ground floor room, the type of bed and was very good. When I arrived, I am sorry I didn't get the lady's name but she was cordial, let me know about things in the vicinity, the specials at IHOP and another restaurant and since you don't have a coca-cola vending machine where I could purchase coke products. The room was exactly as advertised and met my needs 100%. Couldn't have been happier with cleanliness or quietness of the room. Outstanding!  The next morning I made a reservation for
my return trip (things changed in my plans and I couldn't keep it) and again Sonja was extremely helpful. This was a tremendous experience.
Rating: 3
Text: Economical for a couple of Seniors. It was clean, quiet and very easy access. There is an outside door which opens directly to the parking lot and we had good parking right by the door. We did have a couple of pesky flies in the room which we swatted with a newspaper; however, we thought that was probably due to having an outside door kept open while unloading. The interior of the room had been remodeled. It was well planned and was very neat and clean. The shower was nice. The bathroom wall showed a bit of water damage and I think it would be helpful if they used some kind of waterproof siding or tiling on that wall by the shower instead of dry wall and paint to prevent water stains. The outside door handle to the room needed some repair. We were told about it and asked if it would bother us. We wanted a ground floor room and we were okay with the door handle because it was still able to be secured. The outside door did not fit well/sealed to the frame, letting in light, and therefore, possible insects. A weather strip to seal the door to the frame would be a good idea. The weather was mild during our stay so we were not overly bothered by it.  We were happy to get the last ground floor room and were happy with our one night stay.  From reservation, check-in to check-out, staff was friendly and efficient. We had a restful, comfortable one night stay.
Rating: 5
Text: We travel with pets and so are very appreciative of a welcoming motel at an excellent price.  The room was modernized and clean and everything worked well.  We absolutely love the private entrances.
