Motel 6 Percival Ia
Rating: 5
Text: Showed up at 3 in the morning and the front desk was very friendly and informative(thanks Nash)! Equally as nice was the morning staff, especially Daniel Christo! I didn't know that I'd get a discount on my gas and the restaurant they share a parking lot and they were happy to inform me. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable, and the showers were hot! Great staff and great service thanks guys!
Rating: 4
Text: One of the nicest Motel 6 I've been to. Clean comfy rooms, decent price and friendly people. Stayed twice, and will stay everytime I'm in the area. Keep up the good work.
Rating: 5
Text: I love this motel 6! The people that work here are so sweet and inviting... Great hospitality and very affordable! And fyi... The shower pressure in the bathroom feels so good!
Rating: 5
Text: I was surprised how clean and updated this place was. The king size bedroom was very large and updated. Comfortable bed, new sink, great water pressure, and although located close to Interstate 29 and a couple truck stops, I found the rooms quiet. Staff was fast and polite.
Rating: 1
Text: We arrived to the hotel about 11 pm to find the clerk sitting outside...wasn't sure he was going to get up and go in when my husband did.  Checked the beds upon entering the room as my son was very tired.  The first bed had stains on the bedspread and lots of black hairs all over the blanket.  We then found a live tick stuck on the blanket.  We removed the tick, and my husband removed the blanket & bedspread to sleep, as we were very tired after driving for hours.  The same black hairs were all over the bathroom floor.  The next morning, I discovered the shower drain was clogged with hair!!  Nasty!  A maid should have noticed this matter while trying to clean the shower...it wouldn't have drained for them either.  Not sure they really cleaned it though!  The motel should have given me some of my money back just for trying to clean their drain to enable us to shower!  The TV did not work...which the clerk blamed on the rain showers.  I complained upon check out only to be told that I should have called for more linens...like I said, the clerk barely got up to check us in.  Really didn't think he was going to do much about my linens.  They already had the opportunity to clean the room before our arrival and did not.  The clerk just said "oh my" when I told her about the shower drain and the fact that my husband and son couldn't even shower.  I discovered the clogged drain once I had already started the shower, so too late!  Again, nasty!  The clerks did not offer to refund any of our money for the dirty conditions.  The only response that I received was "well, I hope your day gets better!"  I do not recommend this hotel!! We will never stop here again!  I would be ashamed to rent this room with those conditions, and would definitely try to make it right with the customer by offering at least a partial refund.  Very poor conditions and very poor customer service!
