Motel Manor
Rating: 5
Text: Nice quite place to stay. If you like piece and quiet. I would definitely stay there again
Rating: 5
Text: This is the only motel in Boonville,  so when we were making plans to visit family there,  we decided to trust the good reviews,  call,  and make reservations. 
The first thing that was interesting to me,  was that the owner did not require us to give any credit card info to make the reservation.  He will ask how many people, ages of children, etc and your ETA. 
 What we found out while making our way there from TN is that he will call you and confirm that you are still planning to stay.
  When we arrived and checked in,  without my husband asking,  he took him to the room and showed it to him to make sure we were satisfied. 
  If you are expecting fancy,  go somewhere else,  but if you are are happy with simply a very clean room, comfy beds, and everything a person really needs,  this is your place!! 
  In the room there was a TV with a bazillion channels,  refrigerator,  coffee pot,  microwave, and wi fi.  You could tell they had recently put in a new shower/bathtub and toilet,  well it looked new anyway.  Everything was extremely clean,  and from what I saw he and his wife do all of the cleaning themselves.
  We felt very comfortable being there with our two children.  It's very quiet even during the day.  
  I cannot say enough to express how pleased we were with this place and the price as well!!!!  I highly recommend staying here to anyone,  especially those budget minded. You definitely can't beat it on cleanliness and cost together!!! We definitely will stay there again!!!

Rating: 4
Text: The inn keepers are kind of assholes
Rating: 5
Text: for what it is it was very nice and worth the money. we stayed there last year during a trip to Holiday World. Clean and safe feeling for my family. It didn't have any real perks but I wasn't looking for perks, I was looking for somewhere safe and clean for my family. I would stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: The place looks like a typical small motel.  I'm spoiled and usually stay at the Hilton so I was a little apprehensive.  The owner was super nice, had the light on and the heater running for me already.  The room was extremely clean and the bathroom was extremely clean. There are definitely no critters, I'm allergic and I would have known.   The TV had a lot more channels than the hotels I was used to, and it had a normal cable company remote that I was accustomed to using.  I love how the room had both a door and a storm door, so when I warmed up my car in the morning I didn't have to leave it unsupervised.  The owner asked me to please just turn off the lights and heater and leave the key in the room if I was leaving early. There's a place called American Diner just down the street which serves breakfast.  If you're going to Boonville I'd definitely recommend giving this guy your business, he's running a great motel and it's very comfortable, if I ever have reason to be back in town I'll be staying there again.   
