Motel 6 Springfield - North
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed on a Saturday night, $61. And it wasn't until after I checked in that I heard of their alleged reputation.  BUT, I was pleasantly surprised! The police made at least 2 rounds in the night, everyone was quiet by 9pm and I didn't have any problems.

This staff is incredibly competent and dedicated to their customers. I accidentally left my Military Service Uniform in the room, and they were able to ship it to me and keep me updated about every step of it's travel in route to me. If I ever get the chance, I'll stay here again
Rating: 1
Text: We asked for a NON smoking room and we walked in and it smelled sooo bad like marijuana and cigarettes.  I asked the front desk for a different room and was given a room that smelled just as bad and the bed spreads looked like Swiss cheese with many many burn holes.   Our stay was not worth the money we paid (we were gagging the whole night).  We called corporate customer service about this and was told we have to argue back and forth with the individual owner.  This is not a good way to sell your brand.  Your franchisee should not be able to conduct business like this.  I hope the $60 you won't refund to me is worth all of the people this message will reach with all sources of social media as well as the local business administration we have direct relationship with.  Please do no stay here.  They do not care about their guests.

The location was the Location at, 2655 N Glenstone Avenue
Springfield, MO 65803
Rating: 5
Text: The lady in reception was absolutely wonderful..... she was so very helpful and answered all our queries with complete professionalism..... the room was lovely and great value for money.  We will be staying there again especially as we have two dogs and you did not charge us extra for them.  Really wonder experience
Rating: 4
Text: I do wish there was a coffee pot in the room. Missed my morning cup of coffee. Also, there was only a thin spread on the bed. I was cold all night. Wished there was a heavier blanket. Otherwise my night stay was good. Thank you
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice generously sized room & bathroom.  Everything clean & functional.
Only complaints:
1. Motel 6 printed internet start-up instructions did not work on my Android tablet.  Took me a long while to find that I had to go to the settings on my tablet to get to the Motel 6 access code entry page.
2.  I made a reservation for a room with microwave & fridge.  This had neither.
