Motel Pike
Rating: 2
Text: Cleaned it up BUT don,t asj for heat,don,t ask for towels,managers don,t have a good atttude.
Go too Hannable it,s cheaper and better
Rating: 1
Text: We tried to use this motel because it was inexpensive and ran into all kinds of trouble with the front desk lady. Her house keeper was taking reservations and said we could pay with a corporate credit card and then it turns out that we couldn not. Ok, no harm done, I would just send the guys to pick up their stuff. The front desk lady was going to make them pay for the room!! I told her that was ridiculous and that it was their error not ours. 
Wow, watch out for shady business lady with no common sense!
Rating: 1
Text: I had to stay in Pittsfield and it was a choice between this or the Green Acres. Both places seem to be about equally crummy. On the plus side, they do seem to be very accommodating and their micro-fridge unit is nice. Oh, and they have expanded cable and HBO. That's about it.

Downsides... D.I.R.T.Y! They claim they've recently renovated. I don't see where the money went. This was probably one of the most disgusting hotels I've ever stayed in. There were bugs in my room, pubic hair in the shower, everything was dusty and dirty, and the toilet looked old and wasn't flushed when we checked in. The outside of the place is covered in cobwebs as is the lobby. The lobby is also filled with old moldy dusty plants and bizarre knick knacks. I literally could not sleep through the night because the dust was making my allergies act up too much. Also, the beds are very small and uncomfortable and the sheets and pillows feel like they haven't been replaced in years. GROSS!

Also, the wireless internet doesn't work. The AC unit is also obnoxiously loud and the curtains over the windows don't close all the way.

If your passing through, Jacksonville is about 20 minutes away right off the highway. There are plenty of nice hotels there. Just stay there instead.
Rating: 1
Text: Not sure about other hotels in Pittsfield, but this one stinks!! Don't bother, keep driving to another town if you have to!
Rating: 2
Text: Sad
