Motel 6 Sycamore Il
Rating: 5
Text: I was concerned when I made reservations due to low cost of room.  We were very surprised how clean the room was.

Only complaints I have is we got the room on lower level right near the desk.so we hear the phone
Ringing and people checking in late.

The people are very friendly and accomadations more that met or expectations.  Have gotten much
Less for much more money in the past.  We would highly recommend.
Rating: 3
Text: We arrived extremely late - after 1:00 am so were very late getting to bed.  We were on the first floor & could hear every single step from the people above us VERY early in the morning despite us having a 20" box fan running in the room to cover up outside noises. It sounded like a pack of elephants up there.  Due to our late arrival & late time for getting to bed, we were not up as quickly as usual. We were in the process of packing to leave when exactly at 11 am (checkout time) the front desk called to ask if we were checking out. We said yes we would be out very shortly. About 6 or 7 minutes later as we were putting the final items in our bag & picking up suitcases, the owner's wife knocked on the door & rudely informed us she need the laundry & pointed out checkout was 11. I explained we were working on it & were almost out would be a minute or 2. She looked very pained & said she would come back for the linens. I have NEVER been treated like this when leaving a hotel. EVER. Since when is a guest treated so rudely when running less than 10 min. late for checkout time??? The bed closer to the window creaked horribly just sitting down on it. I was going to tell the desk when we left but after being treated like a criminal for being less than 10 min. checking out - forget it.  We had stayed at this Motel 6 at least 6 maybe 7 times over the past several years...I must say I am quite soured by this experience. The young lady who checked us in during the afternoon was very nice very friendly.
Rating: 3
Text: The reception area was warm and the employee was very friendly!  The room was available and ready.  The room was clean but a little dated and the bed was not the most comfortable but not the least either. Remember to bring your own toiletries as none are provided (except bars of soap).   There was hot (but weak) coffee in the lobby and checkout was fast and easy. I would stay here again as the rate was reasonable.
Rating: 3
Text: I was pleased that I received a larger room this stay, but was disappointed overall. The cooling mechanism was not working properly, so to cool the room off, I tried to open the window. Unfortunately, prior damage had been done to disallow this. The pane on the left side had been broken and repaired by shipping tape, and a metal device had been installed to only allow the window to be open 2 inches. That was probably a smart idea since the screen was completely loose on the whole upper side. I also had to go the the service desk to ask for a do not disturb sign and the next morning was not able to take a bath since the tub plunger was missing.
Rating: 5
Text: Ok for no frills stay in Dekalb area. Shares a parking lot with dunkin donuts if you need breakfast. Newer psuedo wood floors seem cleaner than carpet. Rooms with adjoining door can leak noise.
