Motel 6 Huntington Wv
Rating: 1
Text: PUre nasty &Poor poor poor service! Bed bug infested. I found bed bugs in both rooms. First room I showed them a few dead bugs I had killed on pillows and sheets... I was then moved to another room and next day later as I was leaving I found another one!! Talk about blood boiling ?
They literally tried to give me a 20$ discount! The woman at front desk was rude and had told me if I didn't like it to go down the street to another hotel. How professional? I say they need shut down!! 
Worst place ever been to
Pay the extra 10 and go to days inn
Rating: 2
Text: The room was new and clean, which we appreciated. But the sinks did not work and shower did not function. We did not feel safe in the area, the room sounds from next door felt like they were inside our room. As the room was bare, the sound was reverberating.
Rating: 1
Text: Exterior looked like a dive. Front desk clerk was rude, refused to give us the military discount even though we had our disabled Navy Veteran aunt with her ID with us. Also refused our payment because my husband was presenting our aunt's card on which he is an authorized signer (he is her Full time caregiver and she would have verified that as she was right outside in the car). We have stayed in Motel 6s in nearly every state with a vet's discount and the very same card for payment and this was the rudest we've ever experienced. We went elsewhere.
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT STAY HERE. This is literally the worst hotel I have ever stayed at, and I travel often. Was charged $106 for the nastiest room. I had a bad feeling from the start but was exhausted from driving and the jacuzzi looked good. The rooms absolutely are not as clean as they look in the pictures. 
People were doing drugs right outside of my hotel room. My sheets weren't changed, what looked like pubic hair all over, ashes, burn marks, mildew, mold, dirty toilet, no toilet paper on roll, dirty towels. They did provide me a refund, but only after the clerk yelled at me. A gentleman had walked in while I was explaining my situation, and decided to stay somewhere else because of what he overhead. The clerk then proceeded to yell at me and tell me I have no right to say things like that in front of other people while they are trying to run a business. 

I felt very unsafe the entire time. The whole situation was awful and I would recommend going down the street to the other CHEAPER hotels. I got a room elsewhere and it was near half the price, clean, quiet and safe. Just saying.
Rating: 3
Text: It was clean and staff was nice,but coffee in lobby and been sitting there for almost 12 hours.The shower had very little hot water,the toilet moved,nowhere to put shampoo and soap in shower.There was sterphon everywhere.
