Motel 6 Dale
Rating: 5
Text: Loved this property! Quick check in, professional staff. Clean room, comfortable bed, clean sheets and bedding. Adequate sized bathroom with tub/shower combo. Outdoor pool for relaxing. Highly recommended!
Rating: 3
Text: Easy to find and a decent price for a place to sleep.  We drove 8 hours after a full work day so exhaustion was a real thing.  Which turned out to be a blessing, because the bed was hard as a rock.  It looked like there was some recent remodeling, fresh paint, and new laminate floor. However, it was just so much window dressing.  The odd corner tub had this deep drain and it was full of hair.  If I was to do another long haul and needed a place to sleep for a few hours I might do it again, but not if I was going to stay more than just a night.
Rating: 4
Text: The front desk personnel were very kind and helpful.  Their service was personal and made us feel welcome.  The kids enjoyed the pool after a long day at Holiday World.  The location was perfect.  We had dinner at the local Denny's which was only a few blocks from the hotel and their service was good.  All in all, we had a very positive visit to Dale, Indiana.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a great experience at the Dale, IN Motel 6! It was convenient to Holiday World and affordable. The rooms were very clean and cozy and we slept great! The kids played in the pool upon arrival and we were checked in with ease. The cost was unbeatable! That was convenient and practical for our family! Thanks!
Rating: 3
Text: For the price it was a clean accommodation. I was leery at first and even brought my own linens. We didn't arrive until after  midnight,  and got settled in easily. There was a fridge and microwave which was unexpected. I never use the hotel shampoo anyways so it was fine that they didnt provide any. The cons: the beds are absolutely worse than sleeping on carpet, my hips hurt and I'm not old. Then the noise level of the people leaving at 8am is ridiculous. Which isn't the hotel but the rudeness of other guests with no manners. You never know when people stop to check in so please don't walk the halls talking in loud voices and yelling down the hall.
