Motel 6 Evansville In
Rating: 4
Text: Room nice; quietest parking motel lot of any stay in any motel in years. Only complaints: phone did not work and floor was peeling up in a couple of places which could have been dangerous for some seniors.  I can't complain too much because Jenny, at the desk, honored by request of a ground floor room and for that I am extremely grateful.  I once lost all my car contents at a motel (even hanging clothes) and ever since I prefer to have my car - despite emptying it - close to my room.
Rating: 1
Text: I recently spent the better part of 2 months at the Motel 6. I stayed in probably 5 different rooms. All of the a/c filters were slam full of dust. The floors were filthy. All of the rooms but one smelled like mold which was clearly visible in the bathroom. The bed linens were all stained or had burns in them. Overall probably one of the most disgusting places I ever stayed. But I can't complain because it was/is much cheaper than anywhere nearby and I was staying there for work and not with my family.
Rating: 3
Text: The room was cheap enough, $62 for two people and two beds.

The main office was not accessible unless the employee let you in, but the employee could not be seen and didn't come to the door after multiple tries with the doorbell. I had to bang on the door for a few minutes to get her to come and let me in.

The towels and washcloths were stained, and the comforter on one of the beds had a great big stain on it. Other than this, the room was clean.

The rooms were quiet, even though the location was right next to train tracks that were going all night. 

Checkout was easy.

This was not my first stay at a Motel 6. Usually they are a pretty good, cheap option.
Rating: 3
Text: The lady at the front desk was extremely friendly and helped me check in and told me there was an 11 check out. The parking lot was empty for the most part. I got into my room and turn on the air-conditioning it got nice and cold. The bedding needs replaced and did not look like it was laundered. The towels did not look fresh they had dark stains brown and black on them. I took a shower the shower tub has good water flow the shower head itself has next to none. All in all it was okay for the low price that I paid but for an extra 10 to $15 could have got a much better place. If you're short on cash and you need a place to lay down in the air conditioning, it's not a bad place to go as long as you don't need anything fancy. On the plus side I did see a maintenance guy in the parking lot scraping and repainting the outside.
Rating: 4
Text: Great room!!  Especially at this price!!  No issues. CLEAN.  Has mini fridge,  and microwave.    Lady at the desk was friendly,  and helpful.  Room is super modern.  Reminds me of the ones you see in Tokyo.  Bathroom, 
and vanity area lights kick on automatically,  as you walk to them. Ok,  I have 2 MINOR issues,  but many would see as pluses.  No carpeting,  just hardwood and tile floors.  No smoking in any of the rooms.  As a smoker,  that sucks.
