Motel 6 Moline Il
Rating: 1
Text: Worst experience of my 51 yrs on this Earth! Had some work done on my home and needed somewhere for me and my boys to stay..Kelli at the desk was rude from the beginning I asked for a smoking room and it wasn't available which was fine. We were told that there would be a charge if we smoked which I already knew.. I didn't complain about the dirty socks under the bed or barely having any tissue but 3 hours later we are woken up being accused of smoking marijuana!! The manager entered the room threatened to call the police and there was no smoke or anything in the room then the house keeper says we smelled like weed when we came in! Well why did you rent us a room then?? I have never been so insulted in my life and I will sue! I'd like to actually do something if I am going to get accused of it! Got a refund on the room and accidentally left my insulin in the room,went back to get it and Kelli had something smart to say when I came back as if it wasn't insulin! Rudest service,dirty rooms and housekeeper's that don't clean rooms but tell lies on innocent people... I will take this up with a lawyer
Rating: 4
Text: I was able to book the room the same day.  I arrived later than I expected but was still able to get checked in quickly. It was a standard room. My only concern is the bathtub /shower. The floor of the tub is very slick with no anti-slip stripping.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff was very prompt and proffessional and friendly. They are doing the best with what they have to work with. The condition of the room was rundown. Mattress was stained. Look they need new carpets,drapes,beds and paint at this location. You can only clean something for so long before you just can't get the dirt out. I love staying at motel 6 because they accept my pet without location. I stress again the staff was great.
Rating: 4
Text: True to form, Motel 6 wasn't meant to be the Radisson.  I'm glad too because I don't see much of a difference between the two.  Motel 6 is not the cheapest or the best, but it conforms to what I need at the price I'm most willing to pay.  The new renovation efforts paid off. I like the rooms with the new flooring better because they don't retain as much odor as carpets.  I've stayed at better places that have a lingering odor!  I fail to see how paying more for something like that benefits me.  I'd rather have the Motel 6.  Noticeably absent in Motel 6 is a refrigerator, greatly needed in my case.  A microwave is nice but not necessary.  Still, it would be nice to eat some microwaved popcorn while watching a movie.  Give it some thought Motel 6!
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent employee's.... from Front desk to housekeeping. Hannah at the front desk was very helpful & pleasant. Our room was very clean. HOWEVER, the hotel is in DIRE NEED of a makeover. Room 245 had LARGE cracks all over ceiling to walls. The carpet left my white socks BLACK. The hallways have a very old, smokey, urine smell in them. I would gladly stay again IF I see that they have remodeled & updated.
