Motel 6 Kansas City Southwest - Lenexa
Rating: 1
Text: One of the worst places we have stayed. Noisy window, patrons above us sounded like they were coming through the ceiling. Absolutely no water pressure in the shower or the sink in the bathroom. Towels were like sandpaper.  TV didn't work right. Loud partying going on outside our room..No parking close to our room and no lighting to make sure our vehicle was safe. Didn't feel comfortable when we got back from our event to find 3 police cars with lights flashing. Not a safe area.
Rating: 4
Text: The Office staff are the nicest people and really try and help the people that stay their with just about anything. The Office manager is also just as helpful. The rooms are clean the towels a little on the rough side and a little small,my stays have been very positive and i have gotten to know the entire staff good people.....and the WIFI having to pay for that sucks!!!!!!!
Rating: 3
Text: I know that there's not a maintenance person right now, which makes things hard.  But some kind of check of a room after people check out should be routine.  The phone in our room didn't work, and we found out that the jack was completely missing and the cord had just been pushed into the wall.  We were moved to a different and nicer room, but I was surprised that the issue had even occurred.  In a "completely non-smoking" facility, too, it was quite obvious that someone had smoked in that room A LOT.  Fortunately, the room we were moved to did not smell that way.
Rating: 2
Text: The staff was friendly, and the room was small but tidy. Wood laminate flooring instead of carpet, which I liked.  We were provided with an extra pillow and towels upon request. A/C worked really well and not particularly noisy.
However, the pool was padlocked, and we were not advised of this at check in. We were told upon going to the office and inquiring about the lock that it would be closed all weekend.
Being informed at arrival would have been helpful and saved us "changing clothes, hauling snacks, towels and goodies to the pool, etc..." 
**My warning, as always, is to be vigilant checking charges when using a credit card. The card I used to pay for my rooms, was hacked and used to make additional out of state purchases. The fraud department of my credit card called me to verify so it was stopped. Motel 6 was the only place I used the card.
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms were clean and comfortable. I had issues with checking in. They charged more than the conformation price. After talking to the manager she was able to fix it. Just something to be aware of if you are staying.
