Motel 6 Troy Oh
Rating: 3
Text: Three of five stars is probably a low rating given the totality of my experience, however, I was annoyed that signs at the various lobby entrance indicated that those doors would be locked until 6:00AM.
However, they remained locked until 7:00AM each morning.

Apparently, the motel is undergoing renovations, and they are solely needed. My room was newly renovated, and while not at all fancy, was clean, cool during the day, warm as desired during nights.
I needed a clean, secure, quiet place to sleep. This was fine.
Public spaces were somewhat tattered.
Decking was noticeably sagging as viewed from the ground floor, concrete steps were in disrepair.
However, given that the unit is under renovation, I can overlook such flaws.
Most important to m me is that I selected this more because it was so attractively priced.i don't entertain in my room, don't hold meetings there or make presentations. I just sleep, sometimes eat carry in.
I only gave you three stars because that is what you are (at this location, at least).
However, I would gladly select a motel such as this over some glitzy motel charging two or three times the rate.
Your motel serves an important market niche.
I, for one, will definitely be back.
Rating: 3
Text: The bed was super hard. They didn't have any shampoo or conditioner for the shower. But the upgrades they are making for the rooms look really nice.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful staff very friendly.  Great place to sit outside and have a picnic.  Plenty of space for kids and dogs to run on property.  Great location.  I'd definitely stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: I would give a negative number if it would let me. That is the worse motel I have ever stayed at. I had to change 3 rooms because they were so dirty on the dresser in the first room that the people prior to me had wrote clean me. That's how dusty it was. then room 2 no fridge, no microwave no remote. The third and final room the toliet was broke, the ac was broke, the bed was so uncomfortable I couldn't sleep on it then there was hair in the shower. My husband had to come get me in the middle on the night I couldn't stay there. They knew about all the problems and they said the best they can do is give me back $10. I wouldn't stay there if someone paid me $100. also the worse customer service in my life!! Also there is no breakfast just coffee if you go all the way to the office because there isn't one in your room
Rating: 4
Text: Good experience, although I got the last room available late on a big weekend with over 80,000 concert goers in the area.  The room was well appointed, better than most Motel 6 had stayed at in years past, and the room was clean, but this room had not been remodeled yet and although I only needed a single for me, I got the double (as it was last room left).  I was looking for just a cheap sleep for only 6-7 hours, and unadvertised across the street was some other motel with price of about $32/nite just off I-75; but it was not available "on-line" and didn't even show up in searches ... so, Motel 6 was probably better choice and at $30-40 LESS than other hotels on-line in the area.  PS: The staff was great, friendly, talkative, and helpful.
