Motel 6 Des Moines West
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed for two nights while in town for the recent quilt show.  Location was very convenient and close to highways, but not noisy. Room was very clean, beds comfortable, and clean bathroom. I very much preferred the hardwood floors, rather than the normal carpeting.  We were on the second floor, but there was an elevator conveniently located.   There was even a laundry room just down the hall from our room which we did use.  Staff was pleasant and helpful.  Everything was very nice and more than adequate for our stay, and all at a great price.  I would stay again, and would recommend to others.
Rating: 5
Text: Best Motel 6 I've ever been to. Stopped right off the highway looking for a cheap place to stay and happened upon this place. I was immediately impressed by the chill vibe, cleanliness, and general good repair. I was surprised at how stylish and comfortable the room was for the price. Lacks a lot of amenities like microwave, phone, fridge, and even shampoo, which I didn't need anyway.  Lisa was great and very helpful. Will stop by here again if I need to & wholeheartedly recommend for anybody else.
Rating: 2
Text: Front desk: No name tag. I called into get rates. The lady that I spoke with was a smart ass when I was not understanding her directions to the hotel. After we arrived same lady. Smart ass again when my card declined.  I ended up stepping outside to call and make reservation over the phone. Rooms: Towels seemed clean but as I looked closer there was hair stuck inside the fibers and two balled up human hair that looked like it was  pulled from a brush. The tub looked liked it was wiped with a dirty towel. There were guest smoking in the hallways and elevators. They do except pets with no fee and the room size was perfect. Price would have been perfect without all this other stuff.
Rating: 5
Text: Lisa is the BEST!!! what a very nice motel, you did away with so many things that I do not use or need an alarm clock, coffee pot, microwave, refrigerator, hair dryer, shampoo, steam iron.   My room had two beds, very nice TV, desk, and chair. Clean top to bottom, great little pool, 30 seconds from the Interstate on ramp.  The best 65 dollar room in the country.
Rating: 1
Text: The service was not all that great! Was not really a great welcome.I walked in and the lady behind the desk looked up from her phone and said Can I help you? like I was bothering  her with such attitude. I said yes I have a reservation. She said what is your name, and we got checked in. Then we got the room key and she told us it was on the second floor at the far end of the hall and told that is where the handicap accessible rooms are. I had to ask what the room number was cause she didnt even tell us that. Very basic motel room with no extras. No fridge, no microwave, no cups, no closet.
