Motel 6 Omaha - Iat West
Rating: 2
Text: This hotel is located in an industrial neighborhood.  The first room I was given, the toilet overflowed.  They conveniently put me in the room across the hall. It was quite windy outside and the wind howled through the windows.  The room was suppose to be a no smoking room but there was a smell in the room.  A combination of sewer gas and cigarette smoke.  The room did not have anything for furniture.  Bed stands only.
Rating: 1
Text: A huge piece of metal slashed my tire on the parking lot--in the parking stall itself. I went into a lot of trouble to get it repaired. Called back the following day and asked nicely for the manager to see if he can help compensate me for the cost or waive the charge.The manager was never there, and the front desk person was very rude. She implied that I was lying by saying that many people would come up with "stories" for compensation. She said she would give a message to the manager for him to call back. Nobody ever called. When I called a second time to check, the same lady on the phone treated me like I was a nuisance. When I asked if I could have the manager's number to contact him directly, she said indignantly that "that's not gonna happen." Even if the manager refused to do anything, at least he needs to get back to me. Not doing so suggests to me that they thought they were responsible but didn't want to face up to it. The only good thing about the entire stay was the young man at the front desk the night I got the flat tire. He actually helped to put my temporary on so I could get out to get the tire replaced. He was really nice. Bad, bad experience otherwise. Will avoid in the future.
Rating: 1
Text: Housekeeping sucks. Dirty paw prints on the bed, animal fur, trash not taken out. So I got a new room. 
Nothing cleaned. I asked for cleaning supplies and did it myself. And for all that trouble, they took $12 off my bill. This is NOT ACCEPTABLE!!!! 

Hallway filthy. Had dirty socks on stairs. 

Night front desk staff was amazing, offered to switch my room again, apologized on behalf of housekeeping. But I figured a third room wouldn't be any cleaner. 

Morning front desk staff didn't seem to care. 

If I have to clean my own hotel room, I'm thinking $20 is most I should pay. Yes, I realize it's a cheap hotel. But not clean is unacceptable. 


Rating: 5
Text: I believe this was my very best Motel6 experience!  When we checked in the air conditioner didn't work.  We were immediately moved into a room with a working air conditioner.  The manager helped us move our things. Very friendly caring staff.  AND wi-if was free and easy to access!
Rating: 1
Text: I'd give a quarter star mainly for the price but the bed had what looked like hair and the shower curtain and hair in as well no alarm clock very unsanitary room I will be looking for another place to stay
