Motel 6 Hays
Rating: 4
Text: Motel 6 is a great place to spend the night, especially if you are traveling with pets. It's inexpensive, no extra frills that you really don't need for a short stay, free morning coffee and hospitable staff. I think it's a great place for just driving through and you need to rest for the night. They offer a later checkout (noon) than most places which is great if you arrived super late at night and need a little extra sleep. Of course you won't get the newest tech or ammenities such as microwaves or refrigerators, but what you do get is serviceable and clean. I've stayed at this particular location a few times when driving through and have always received great service.
Rating: 3
Text: Great price and always appreciate a pet friendly hotel. I had two dogs with me. The front desk clerk was awesome. Her name was Summer. Very nice, very helpful; great attitude. Big thumbs up to her. Room was somewhat dirty, worn and smelled. Dead bugs all over the bathroom. I know it is pet friendly but wow, that was pretty nasty.
Rating: 2
Text: Room #103-The staff was excellent even as late at night as we arrived! The positives:The shower was great with plenty of pressure, the toilet was one we wanted to take home with us (because it flushed so rapidly), the a/c was excellent and the locks on the door made us feel secure. From there, everything else was not acceptable. The First thing we had to do was call the front desk and have the bedding changed due to blood stains and black fragments of what appeared to be tobacco or some burnt material. Anthony was very prompt and professional and immediately changed them. Now for the rest: We asked for a room with micro-fridge, there were none, we asked for a back room, there were none. The bathroom door sticks, there were strands of hair on some of the wash cloths. I am handicapped and the bathroom was not ADA Compliant (reservation was aware of that). There were cobwebs in the corner of the bedroom. We have stayed at this facility several times before and never had this many negative issues. We hoped that there would have been better accommodations as we did reserve nearly a week in  advance. We are considering another motel on our next visit.
Rating: 5
Text: Accessing the motel was easy and the front desk clerk was friendly and courteous.  Anticipated that I would need extra towels for my granddaughters and the staff was very pleasant and accommodating.  McDonald's is right next door and a walkway through the fence made that easy too.  Will plan on staying there on my next trip.

2nd stay - just wrote another review and since I had this previous one the newer bit the dust.  Employees in this place are absolutely terrific!!  This will be my go to place every time I make a trip to see my folks.  Highly recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff is great. I wish the rooms had refrigerators but I realize that would raise the cost of the room so. I am truly thankful that you will accept furbabies though because my dog Travels With Me quite often. That is a huge Plus. Thank you so much.
