Motel 6 Waterloo
Rating: 1
Text: The comforter had burn holes and stains all over it. Bathroom wasn't stocked with anything but 1 towel. The air conditioner/heater didn't have any knobs to operate it. There was a hole in the wall that was patched and never painted over. It was a disaster. They also tried to charge us for another person's room after we left. Don't stay here. They will screw you over.
Rating: 5
Text: I went to Waterloo, IA to attend the funeral of an aunt. While this is not a trip anybody likes to make, it was pleasant to stay at this Motel 6. I did not see Tom Bodett, but he did leave the light on for me!

This motel 6 was easy to find as it was on a main roadway into Waterloo. The signage was prominent and visible from a distance. The reception clerk was friendly, prompt and efficient. The check in took about two minutes.

I was impressed by the security of locked exterior entrance doors. The room was spacious, immaculately clean and well lighted. The bedding looked clean and smelled fresh. 

Checkout was smooth and as fast as check-in. I would recommend this Motel 6 to anyone. As a matter of fact, my sister and her granddaughter stayed at this Motel 6 the night after I did upon my recommendation. 

There were two problems I did encounter in the room. The TV would not turn on by the remote control and no buttons were found on the TV to turn it on. I suspect weak or dead batteries in the remote. I missed morning news and weather.

Secondly, the sink drained extremely slow. A pet peeve of mine since I worked in facilities maintenance for 36 years. 

All else was very good.
Rating: 1
Text: During our two night stay at this hotel, my car was hit in the parking lot, the owner is not being cooperative with turning over the video to the police. It has now been two weeks and I will be contacting my attorney regarding this matter. Very poor customer service.
Rating: 2
Text: Unfortunately, not the Motel 6 I remember. No rollaway bed, no tissue paper in the room (at least there was toilet paper) and the ice bucket leaked everywhere. One desk lady was helpful and polite. Another was unhelpful and rude (she laughed at my daughter when she made an inquiry). It'll do in a pinch (or tight on funds) but next time I'll take my money elsewhere. Not all bad: they allowed our dogs. Just not the place I remembered the last time I been there. Need a place in Waterloo, IA for a night? There's others for the price. My opinion.
Rating: 4
Text: I would return to this Motel 6 if I travel to Waterloo again. It was more than I expected for the price. My room was very clean and the staff were very pleasant and helpful. It is bare bones, but I just needed a place to sleep for two nights, not a spa. I slept wel and felt safe and that goes a long way.
