Motel 6 Toledo Oh
Rating: 4
Text: Motel 6 is no-frills but clean, comfortable, inexpensive, and they welcome pets. The fridge worked and had a freezer compartment that actually refroze my ice packs! Expect a bar of soap, toilet paper, clean towels, an ice bucket and ice, and a pot of hot coffee in the lobby in the morning. Bring your own shampoo and box of tissues. There were lots of nearby restaurants including a Chinese restaurant that was good, inexpensive, and on a cold rainy night delivered right to our room!  I would definitely recommend Motel 6 and have allready done so. We've stayed at them in Connecticut and Toledo Ohio.  Both were more than acceptable.
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT STAY HERE. UNSAFE. I don't know where to begin. Stains on all the bedding. All the electronic components of the room were malfunctioning or broken. The ac made a loud grinding noise, the sink and shower both screamed in the piping, the fridge had to be unplugged so we could sleep. We felt unsafe all night. Our pets would not sleep because of the foot traffic out the door. We could not sleep from 3am to 4am due to the prostitute working in the room next door who left loudly after an argument about payment. The staff on check it was visibly unprofessional and rude. My family has used motel 6 throughout the western states, more than 100 nights in the last 5 years and this was by far the worst experience we have ever had. We probably will not be staying at another motel 6 in the future as I used to use renovations as an indicator of a fair price for sleep on the highway but now that standard has been lost.
Rating: 5
Text: Me and my girlfriend stayed one night so far... tonight will be our second. So far this is our review.  When we arrived we waited no more than one(1) minute for service and received Two (2) keys. Upon entering our room we noticed an odor... but yet it wasn't an odor? On further inspection we discovered it to be a non chemical smell which basically means they use heat to sanitize, Kind of like overdried laundry. The bed was very comfy and well put together,  we inspected everything for any issues including Bed bugs and found nothing. We slept so peacefully through the night in the warmth of our bed with the AC on full blast. Cable was free but limited. Internet was free and great. Front desk answered quickly and was very friendly and helpful. We left this morning after a really nice hot shower and will definitely be returning in the future! :)

They don't have any good soap though... just bar soap that dries your skin bad :E still Happy though!
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give zero stars I would. My issue isn't with the room but with management. I made my reservations for one adult and I said I needed a pet friendly room because I had two small dogs I was traveling with. Got checked in and stayed a night all was fine. Next day while I'm at work I had my friend come by my room and take my dogs out. She calls me to say that the hotel staff will not allow her to go back in with the dogs because the room I was in was not pet friendly. Remember it was roughly 30 degrees outside and windy. Can someone please explain to me how it was my fault for not being in a pet friendly room? It wasn't like I lied about having pets? Once I talked to the hotel manager Mike, he approached me right off angry and was quick to yell at me for something that was his fault since he was the one to check me in. Needless to say he threatened to call the cops on me for what, their mistake? There's a reason why this place has almost no one staying and has such bad reviews. Maybe it's time for someone higher up to take action because I can say for sure this will be the last time I ever stay with motel 6
Rating: 4
Text: I don't like your remodeling. No longer a homey, welcoming room.  Cold, stark looking rooms. Cold floors, have to put shoes on before going to the bathroom. Ugly bedspread and curtains.  No pictures on the walls. No dresser.   
Most important         no smoke alarms
