Motel 6 Hannibal Mo
Rating: 3
Text: I got to the hotel at 4 am, the desk clerk was great! I was hoping to sleep til 10 am with my alarm set but at 9am I got a sharp knock on the door, when I responded there was no answer. I proceeded to get up and shower, at 921am I got another sharp knock at the door, this time the maid asked me if I was checking out by 11am, I of course answered yes. I really think they should either look at the time someone checks in or just let costumers take the consequences of sleeping in. I guess I should have placed the “do not disturb” sign on the door, but in all my years I haven’t had the maid knock on my door! 
The shower head also needed to be cleaned because of lime build up, vinegar does a good job!
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and nicely setup rooms. I was really impressed by the super friendly staff. You all are the best and I will for sure be back again next summer on a family vacation.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was well cared for other than the shower head could have used some adjustment.  You can tell pride is taken in the property.  Everyone was helpful and very kind.  We will be staying again as the price was perfect and we have a college student there now.
Rating: 4
Text: Everyone was very nice and accommodating here.  Rooms were clean.  No breakfast, but they have coffee. There is a restaurant next door I would recommend called Logues.  Price was around 70.00 for a king sized bed.  Not too bad.
Rating: 5
Text: We made advance  reservations, but, at the time didn't realize the solar eclipse was to occur, so even as far away as the motel was from the direct overhead path of the eclipse, it was sold out when we arrived, which was a surprise, but not an unwelcome one for the hotel, we're sure! The room was clean and we were quite surprised to find both a refrigerator and microwave in the room!!! And my wife was delighted that there was a hair dryer!! Bravo to this location for the extra amenities!! The large indoor pool was also a pleasant surprise.
