Motel 6 Manhattan Ks
Rating: 5
Text: This was unlike any motel 6 I'd ever stayed at. I was instantly impressed when I walked into the lobby; large, cozy, nice decorations that included a shiny, black piano. I would've hardly known I'd stepped inside a motel 6. I just didn't know they came this way. The staff was friendly and helpful, yet professional at the same time. They were great! The room, including bathroom and bed, was clean, tidy and comfortable.  Water pressure was excellent. Everything worked in this room: remote, tv, air unit, etc. I had a great night's sleep and hot, fresh coffee in the morning. I would absolutely stay here again, and highly recommend others to do so if ever in or planning to be in the general area!
Rating: 4
Text: Pros: cheap, good location, good service, pet friendly
Cons: not that clean, limited amenities

When we arrived our assigned room was not clean, but the staff quickly and kindly switched us to a new room. The shower was hot, but lacked water pressure, and only had bar soap. There is a mini fridge with a freezer and a microwave. Beds were comfortable enough. Did not bring my dog but the pet policy is pretty nonrestrictive

Overall: Good for a couple nights if you are looking for something affordable and well placed. If you aren't going to spend a lot of time there or just need a place to hang out with some friends for a few hours and then stay the night, it is perfect.
Rating: 3
Text: When ? went to check in ? asked for a room with a queen size bed and on the first floor. I was told that all the rooms have one size bed a full. I was put into a handicapped room.  Upon entering ? saw bugs crawling on the floor, small full size bed. I understand it was thinking game weekend. I use to work motel myself.  Allison was more of a help than the one when ? checked in.
Rating: 5
Text: Beverly was awesome. Very pleasant and communicative. Also, I was pleasantly surprised with the hot water in the shower. I was able to take a long hot shower and the hot water didn't run out. Thank you.
Rating: 1
Text: The room was dirty.  There was a battery abs visible dirty under the beds.  My bed had NO sheets or pillow cases.  I called the front desk age they had to have me come and get the sheets and make the bed myself at 10:30 at night. The Lady at front desk was there by herself.  I will NEVER stay at a Motel 6 again.  And I will share my story.
