Motel 6 Pekin Il
Rating: 3
Text: My wife, in a wheelchair, had a hard time getting close to the sink due to the the low frame around the counter. The grab bars were not easy to use when using the stool. We did like the chair that was provided for the shower, but having the stool in the shower area did restrict us somewhat. The bed was very comfortable.
I was contacted by the Motel Manager, by e-mail, within 48 hours to contact her about what I had written. Since we live in the same city as the motel, I stopped in and talked with the Manager. She, myself, and the maintenance person went to the room and I demonstrated for them the difficulties my wife had. They were VERY receptive to my concerns. The Manager stated that there were things that could be done and she would make sure that the problems would be rectified. The Management at this location is going the extra mile to ensure that stay people have at this location is the best.
Rating: 1
Text: I have stayed in the hotel previously before it was acquired by Motel 6.  Although it was not the premier lodge, I did like the carpet and the comfort feeling.  With the new acquisition, the floors have been converted to laminate flooring which offers a very cold and uncomfortable feeling.  The room furnishings felt cheap and like many pieces were still missing.  The environmental controls were nearly impossible to read and it was a guessing game to determine the required settings.  The hotel advertises newly refurbished rooms however the tub area was untouched and still had cracked/damaged tubs.  The sink was so high off the ground I feel sorry for shorter patrons.  The mini refrigerator being places on the ground appeared there was furniture missing.  I am not a fan of having to crouch on all fours to access the fridge or microwave.  Overall, the room was sufficient for a temporary overnight stay but I would not spend more than a couple hours required for sleep and going elsewhere.  I would almost consider sleeping in my vehicle over staying in such a minimal room again.
Rating: 5
Text: Enjoyed the stay at Motel 6.  The remodeled room was very nice and I would definitely recommend your motel to others.

Even though the room was pool side, everyone was quiet and I truly was able to get the rest and sleep I needed to enjoy my weekend.

Thanks again.  I am already planning on return dates.
Rating: 5
Text: Exactly wanted we expected...  Not a 5 star hotel, but definitely 5 stars for a Motel 6 in Pekin.  The renovated rooms are nice...  clean and staff was AWESOME!
Rating: 1
Text: The price for your rooms was outstanding. The newly renovated rooms are beautiful, however, our first room was infested with some sort of large Beatles which crawled up the walls and in the bed. When your staff was told they said that was normal for that time of year and since it was an outdoor hotel every room would have them. After explaining that my entire family was in that same hotel (at least 6 other rooms) and none of them had that problem our room was changed but we were told they couldn't promise we would not have the same problem. We also booked our hotel rooms, all 7 of them months before our stay, a few of us asking to have our rooms next to each other because we come there for a family reunion and we all stay in the same hotel (yours) every two years.  This did not happen either.  In fact when I asked if we were together I was told yes that my aunt had taken care of that and when we got to our rooms and spoke to my aunt we found out we weren't next to her at all. When I questioned the front desk before unloading my bags o was told that there was a "problem" in the room she was going to put us in so we had to be separated yet when I questioned if we were all together at check in she said yes and never said another word about it.  Unfortunately after all of this our family has all decided to go elsewhere for the next reunion due to our visit being less than stellar.
