Motel 6 Chicago Joliet - I-55
Rating: 5
Text: Some people complain way too much I have stayed here several times w/o any issues the place is clean quite and safe. Staff are accommodating as well. If you are looking for a five star hotel then spend more money. For the price of this hotel everything is great. Idk nor understand why some people are so obnoxious and complain about things when they're on a cheap budget you get what you pay for. Now super 8 motel next door is more money and filthy try staying there and make a comparison to motel 6.... it's a dump compared to this palace ?n FYI I've stayed here randomly when in town the last 3-4 years and this place has always gotten 5 stars from me every time I stayed!!!! No issues whatsoever! It's always the cheap bastards complaining and asking for more when they don't want to spend more! Ugh
Rating: 3
Text: I have stayed at Motel 6 various times and favour this chain because they offer free pet friendly service. And I also appreciate the laminate floors. This location was upgraded and clean. But because of the location it gear towards male project workers and did not have a self in the bathroom to place soap, towel or dryer. The sink was falling off the wall as the silicone was dried up.  I did have a good sleep, as the bed was very comfortable. No Kleenex in the room. Had to pay for wifi and the clerk could not provide any info to access usage so I was not able to use it. Even though I paid 2.99.
Rating: 4
Text: I got there early and they already had my room ready.  The room was perfect!  It was very clean and was excellent for our needs.  It's not a luxury hotel but you aren't paying for that either.  I believe we got a great deal with this hotel and it was clean, smelled great, staff was wonderful and we will be back.
Rating: 1
Text: To assure that I would get a non-smoking room, I pre-payed for a room directly on the hotel's website.  I arrived to be told that they only had a smoking room.  The one I reserved, did not exist.   The room was rank with the smell of smoke.  The quilt had cigarette holes in it. The ac unit made a loud noise that sounded like a truck every time it came on.
The next day, coffee was not ready.  I was told it would be done around 6:15.
Rating: 5
Text: One of the newer buildings with A/C that doesn't blow on you and a roomy bathroom with a tub with shower. Shopping and restaurants nearby. Clean building and grounds.
