Motel 6 Topeka Northwest
Rating: 3
Text: The room was as expected for the value...meaning I felt I spent the right amount of money for the room.  However, the laundry room was not clean...I had to clean areas before I felt comfortable in putting my clean, folded laundry upon them...the dryer vents are a fire hazard.  One last thing...not so much a complaint as a concern.  In walking the balcony to my second floor room I noticed it (the whole balcony walkway) was bent down....that is a structural issue and probably way more expensive to fix than is feasible.  But overall, the reason I would give a low recommendation rating is because the mattress was just one step up from plywood.
Rating: 3
Text: The room was very clean, set up good for disability person except the bed was to close to the wall so this was hard to get in your side of the bed for a couple.  The faucet on the sink was really complicated and hard for a disability person you had to pull up on it to get the water on.  Phone didn't work which I reported.  The door wasn't a good fit but it did have 3 locks which help put your mind at ease.  No comfortable chair to set in just 2 hard kitchen chairs to set in.  Office people very friendly.  Thought it was odd you had to pay $2 if you got two keys for the door.  Never heard of motel doing that.  They allowed my dog which I like and had a nice place for the dog to go.  Some motel with a dog you really don't want to stay in.  This room was nice and clean which I appreciate.  We usually always choose Motel 6 when we travel.
Rating: 3
Text: Wouldn't let me check in until after 3pm, unless I paid a $20 'early check in' fee. When I finally got my room, the floor was SOAKING wet. They let me move rooms, after suggesting the maid come back and towel off the floor. Overall, not totally displeased with the experience. The room I changed to was clean AND dry, and the water pressure was good.
Rating: 4
Text: Great service, the maid slacked very slightly, the biggest issue was the a.c. in our room wasn't working and the over-bes lamps didn't work. We were brought the maintenance guys personal lamp. We didn't complain about the ac. Would go back, would recommend.
Rating: 2
Text: My stay at Motel 6 was not very good our bathroom floor was dirty are sink handle was so loose couldn't hardly be adjusted floors cracked and peeled up and I thought that was very very awful considering we stayed in a room for handicapped I tripped once on the floor was lucky that I didn't fall thank God the bed was right there housekeeping is horrible I  like went to go dry off with a town after showering and I ended up with all kinds of male facial hair I asked the man that was with me if he had shaved he said no so I thought that was pretty disgusting I had to take an shower and rinse off really well in order to dry I  had to shake a towel well to dry off thankful that I didn't find any more hair on me I think with a upgraded remodel and better housekeeping these rooms would be a lot more better and comfortable to stay in PLEASE fix these issues because I would like to stay at motel 6 and become a regular
