Motel 6 Columbus In
Rating: 4
Text: The staff was wonderful on check in, very polite and very quick. I was placed in a room right by the stairs, which was good since I was travelling with 2 cats. However, the stairs were uneven, and despite the orange paint marking the step in question, I still nearly stumbled. That really needs fixed. 

The room itself was clean and spacious, the bedspread a little dated with a few stains, but nothing I was concerned about. Though the mattress was a little firm for my taste, there were plenty of plush pillows, which more than made up for it. The room had its own AC, which was nice, but it was extremely loud and made it hard to fall asleep. There was also a nice selection of cable channels on the television. 

Locale-wise, there are plenty of affordable restaurants nearby, but close enough to a few nicer ones that there's a decent selection. All in all, a good, affordable place to stay, even if you just need out of the house for a night.
Rating: 4
Text: Fantastic hotel. Love the hard floors. I was there for a dog show and they actually listened when I said I needed a bottom floor near grass. Absolutely LOVED the TV with its actually guide and vast amount of channels. Most M6 only over a handful of news, sports and foreign channels with 1 or 2 others. This was awesome. Also the towels were normal people size towels. I am not a huge lady but have some fairly large assets and the towels never reach around me, these actually did and they were soft.  I will definitely stay again when I come to the area. The only reason I did not give 5 stars is due to the front desk staff--not only did they not speak hardly any English, they tried to over charge me by like $100 for my stay. They had to call a manager but as soon as I walked out of the lobby they (2 guys)  joined their friends in the parking lot throwing a ball back and forth.   Not very professional.
Rating: 1
Text: We walked in and there was big puddle of something on the floor. The floor needed to be  swept and mopped. We like it cold in our room the air conditioning would not pull the room below 75. There was mold on the bathroom ceiling and blood on the wall. After taking a shower I could have sat down and took a bath cause the water would not drain. The lights were on a motion sensor timer and would shut off every 15 minutes. The switch for the bathroom was like this as well and on the outside of the bathroom and the light would shut off and leave you in the dark. I stay in motel 6 all over the tri state area and this is by far the worst one I have stayed at. I will never stay here again. Avoid this place at all cost. Next time I will pay the 15 dollars more and stay at the super 8 on the east side of 65.
Rating: 4
Text: New management is working hard to bring cleanliness up to standard. Management and front desk staff could not be nicer. I did have some problems with the cleanliness of my room but the staff gave me a much cleaner room and apologized profusely. I do recommend this motel for an inexpensive stay, and if you encounter any problems the manager and her front desk staff will take care of it expeditiously.
Rating: 1
Text: I told myself I would never stay at a Motel 6 again after my last visit. However, 3 years later, I gave it another shot. 

My first observation of the hotel was the rude encounter I had with the desk receptionist. Granted I was a late arrival (I called ahead to warn of this) and was very tired. She was sarcastic and rash. Then upon entering the room I killed 3 cockroaches in the room that were running about. After packing my car I saw another roach run off my suitcase. I was very tired and spent as little time in the room as possible during the two nights I was there. 

Another problem I had was that the sink water presser was far too strong. When you turned it on it sprayed you by splashing quickly on the sink bowl and shooting up. Also the shower, even with the curtain closed  properly with the bottom in the tub water still filled the entire shower room, and everything including the towels would be damp.
