Motel 6 Lincoln Ne
Rating: 3
Text: Apparently, your reservation cancellation policies have recently changed.  Because of a change in my travel plans, i needed to cancel this reservation the morning of the day i was to stay.  After many phone calls, i was told a cancellation was impossible and i would forfeit the room fee if i did not arrive.  My travel plans are often fluid;  I cannot stay at a motel which does not have a more flexible cancellation policy.  Having to stay at this motel caused a needless extension of my journey.  Your competition is much more flexible.
Rating: 5
Text: The bed was comfortable and  my room was clean. I got full use out of the mini-fridge and microwave. The orange color walls were bright and cheery. Didn't need a continental breakfast, Cracker Barrel was a stones throw away. Wished there had been a computer to check in on my flight. Otherwise great value for my money!
Rating: 4
Text: Exactly what I was looking for on a road trip. Just needed somewhere to spend the night. Had a good sized room with a comfortable king size bed. The value was superb and the staff at the front desk could not have been nicer or more helpful.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent stay.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  Had problems with lobby vending machines, but counter personnel were right there to help out.  Slept great, which meant a lot as we had 600+ miles to go yet :)
Rating: 2
Text: I think it's really crappy that the Motel 6 decided not to supply basic amenities like shampoo/conditioner or even kleenex.  I have been to some really crappy hotels before and even they had supplied all the basic amenities.  You go through all that work to make your rooms look updated and modern and you cant even supply the basic needs.  I paid $116/night...that should have been there.  And I know I could've bought it out of a vending machine, but that's ridiculous...it should be included in that price.  I used to love Motel 6 but I am thinking differently now.  I could've spent $20 more and went to a Holiday Inn down the street.
