Motel Beechmont
Rating: 1
Text: This place is DISGUSTING. If I could rate it less then 1 star I would. I stayed here for 5 weeks for a job I was on. Upon arrival I ran into a police officer and asked for his opinion on the location, I was told I was in the worst place in that part of town. After checking in I was approached by 2 different guys...1 asking if I wanted to buy drugs, the other asking if I knew of anyone looking to get a tattoo. I was told free wifi but if you aren't within 3 doors of the front office then it doesn't exist. My room was filthy! I asked for my sheets to be changed because their were cigarette burns in the sheets. The towels were stained with makeup and whatever else (i dare not want to think what else). The wall in the bathroom next to the beer bottle opener was stained with I assume beer. I had dead spiders all along that same wall. I asked for my mirror to be cleaned, towels to be changed, bedding changed, the room to be vacuumed, anything you would normally receive at any hotel/motel.  After 5 weeks not a single bit of this was done. I had 9 people with my company staying here. We are all told it would be at a rate of $40 a night, not a single person in my group received the same rate and only 1 of them received the above mentioned rate. As the time went on and as we complained and saw no care for our issues we all checked out with the exception of two. Then in the middle of the night a manager opened one of my employees rooms, woke him up and told him he needed to pay or leave. He explained he was paid up for another few days and the manager argued and threatened to call the cops. It wasn't until after he pulled out the bill did he realize he had the wrong room and didn't even apologize. At this point the remaining 2 had a total of 9 weeks at this location, they attempted to extend for another week as they do every week when they were told the rooms were over sold for an event in town which forced my employees to find another place till the end of November. I may also add that this location has constant police appearances do to the high drug and prostitution activity.  If the rates to this place seems cheap and to good to be true then please know you get what you pay for. I am constantly on the road and am able to tolerate the worst of conditions but this place is by far the worst and scariest place I've ever stayed in my life.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give a rating of 0, I would. Filthy!! Mold all over the shower curtain. Floors were so dirty that the bottoms of my feet were black and the only time I walked barefoot in the room was at night going to and from the bathroom. Toilet was disgusting. I was in a non smoking room, and was out in front of my room in the morning having a cigarette and observed the house keeping staff acting as if she was cleaning the room next to ours.  She didn't even take the vaccum cleaner  or any cleaning products into the room.  When it came to the bed, she did change the pillow cases, but nothing else. Made the bed with the sheets and blankets from that night's guest still on it. Linens and towels we're stained and had numerous burn holes in them. There were several police officers there making an arrest that night.  The only thing that was clean and maintained were the flowers outside.  No "do not disturb" signs, so the maid knocks on your door at around 9:00 when checkout isn't until 11:00.  Thank goodness for the extra locks on the door or she would have just walked in while I was showering. I suggest bringing your own soap because the bar they provide is only big enough for a couple of hand washings.  I could go on, but I think I've made my point. I will never stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: Past reviews had me nervous but the room and the bathroom were clean, no stains or mildew in the tub. It's in a commerical area, plenty of shopping and restaurants within a short drive. We had a smoking room and there were a few burn holes in the carpet and blankets but I expected that.  The beds were way too hard! I didn't like the sink being outside the bathroom but it was well lit and spacious so it was great for doing make up and hair. Staff is friendly.  I could have paid a couple of dollars more for a slightly? nicer room but we were happy with Motel Beechmont.   I'd stay there again.
Rating: 2
Text: The front desk clerk was kind but not overly friendly or inviting by any means. That being said, I'd have to say, service was mediocre. The room was beyond disgusting. Starting with the putrid smell of beer and dirty carpet greeting us upon entry, the room seemed to have recently been a party spot. The table lacked proper cleaning and the toilet was disgusting. There were stains in the bottom of the bowl and streams of dried urine covering the outside of the bowl. The tub looked to be dirty and had a stained curtain hanging outside of it. After removing the bedspread and pulling back the blanket the fitted sheet had a burn hole on one side of it. All that being said, a woman housekeeper, who didn't have a name tag, was very polite when we inquired about extra towels. Due to all of the above, we chose not to stay all night after already having paid to check in. We only came back early the next morning to pick up items we left in the refrigerator and watch a little TV while sitting in the chairs.
Rating: 1
Text: We were given this place on Hotwire. Absolutely horrible! We were going to a concert at Riverbend and just needed a place for the night. We pulled in the parking lot I was immediately apprehensive. It's an older run down place,  but I have stayed in some pretty sketchy places before so I was willing to give it a try. We walked in and the room was a smoking room and it reeked of smoke and frankly, dirt. The bedspread was pulled back, there was dirt on the floor and the furniture was beat to pieces. I pulled the bedspread back and pulled a corner of the sheet back and the mattress cover was filthy! It looked as if it had been in a crime scene and never washed. I walked back out to my car and we immediately booked a new room. Never again will we get a 2 star room! It was a huge waste of money. 
