Motel 6 Indianapolis In
Rating: 2
Text: Attempted robbery in the hall outside my door, called the front desk they assured me it was being taken care of and the police were on their way and no police ever came to our hotel that evening. Staying with a group of students am not certain i can consider or recommend staying there again. Perhaps locking the front doors so people have to be buzzed in or can only scan their cards would be beneficial to prevent this in the future. Beyond that rooms were always clean and staff was extremely helpful.
Rating: 3
Text: I think it's time to invest in some better linens. The room was clean and in good repair. However, while the sheets, blankets and towels appeared to be clean, the sheets and pillow cases were very thin and becoming threadbare. The blanket was thin, stiff and had burn holes all over it - I assume it is a relic from the days before mandatory non-smoking in the rooms. The towels had some obvious stains that looked to me like someone had used them to color their hair. I don't expect bedding like they provide at more upscale hotels; but given that the primary purpose of renting any hotel room is to have a place to sleep and shower, it would be nice to see a little better quality of linens.
Rating: 1
Text: When I walked into the building, I was put off by the smell, and lack of cleanliness of the lobby. But even worse than that, the girl working behind the counter did not know what she was doing, and kept apologizing for being tired. She coughed into her hand and showed me her hand, "Don't worry there's no phlegm." Extreme unprofessional ism continued when she ordered a gentleman who worked there to help me with my bags, nice enough, until she threatened to kill him if he asked me out on a date or flirted with me. Turned out to be her husband. After 25 minutes of checking in, he showed me to my room on the elevator, which was stenched with the smell of mold and cigarettes. To my horror he opened my door to the room which smelled like mold and mildew. The bed was dirty and sloppily made, the cushion on the window was dirty and ripped. The air conditioner made a horrible noise. The floor looked like it hadn't been swept in weeks and the toilet in the bathroom was cracked. There were dead insects in between the threshold of the room and the bathroom door because there wasn't a wooden threshold down, exposing the floor itself. It made me sick to my stomach and I went downstairs and demanded  a refund. The owner who was now there screamed at me and said, THERE IS A NO REFUND POLICY! I explained I was dissatisfied and he insisted on not allowing a refund. I left and stayed at another hotel in the area. I will be disputing my CC claim. This was the worse experience I had ever had in a motel staying environment. Your organization should be ashamed that this particular franchise is a part of you. I would never in a million years stay in another Motel 6 because of this and I will be yelp reviewing as well.
Rating: 2
Text: the check in desk could not find my reservation even though I had a confirmation number.  clerk suggested that she could still find me a room. she required my credit card to do so.  the next day I checked my 
credit card balance and discovered I had been billed twice.  once based upon my reservation and another time (at a higher price) based upon the new check in.  when contacting guest services I was told it would take up to 5 days for that particular Motel 6 to refund the charge. my report # is 1348972.  in addition I was on hold for well over 10 minutes to correct an error that was not of my doing,  very unacceptable!  I will definitely think twice about making any future reservations at a Motel 6,
Rating: 5
Text: It was a little getaway, our first after our baby. The service was quick, and the room was clean and nice. We were pleased.
