Motel 6 Joliet - I-80
Rating: 2
Text: The towels and linens were very stained and threadbare.  The bed was comfortable but it lacked all of the amenities that other hotels offered such has hand soap, shampoo, hair blower and cream rinse. We did have our own supply with us. There was many stains in and around the bathtub.  The whole room could have used a makeover. On the positive side the staff were very pleasant.
Rating: 2
Text: The two stars are for a clean room that meets the standards that I expect as a frequent guest of Motel 6. Also, the front desk clerk was very courteous and helpful.

The missing three stars that prevent this property from being rated a 5 are due to the exterior grounds of the property. 
Specifically, the walkways and especially the stairs were very dirty and sticky and in much need of power washing. I travel with my dogs to shows and appreciate the AKC promo so seek Motel 6 in my travels. Unfortunately, this is not a property that I will visit again or would recommend to friends due to the lack of cleanliness of the grounds. 

We stayed at a Motel 6 located in Lincoln, NE the night prior that I rated 5 stars and that property really is more typical of what I expect from Motel 6 and is a property that I would highly recommend to my traveling dog friends.
Rating: 1
Text: I reserved 3 rooms for 2 nights at this location 10 months out for our trip to Joliet, Illinois. They first wanted to charge me $113 a night per room, even though when I booked them it was for $60 per night. Thankfully I had a print of the price at which I booked them, so they adjusted that. Then all the rooms had burn marks from what appeared like somebody was making meth in the bath tubs. Plus the edge of the bath tubs had knife cuts that looked like somebody was cutting cocaine on them. The sheets had cigarette burns in them. And one room we killed cockroaches on the bed, in the bathroom, and they were crawling up the wall behind the TV. When I went down to address the problem at the front desk, they couldn't give us another room because they were booked full. All he could do was have the maintenance guy go in and spray the room. They expected somebody to stay in a room that was just sprayed for bugs, REALLY? I was never offered a refund, or anything for the room. To top it off the environment around the motel made me feel like we were stay in a drug selling ring. People walking around the motel at all hours of the night. Sitting outside side there rooms, smoking and drinking at all hours, making noise to keep you up all night.  This is just a little, I could go on and on. But won't, as should have gotten my point about this place by now! I will never stay in a Motel 6 ever again, and will not suggest any of my family or friends to stay at one.
Rating: 3
Text: I rented a non smoking rooms but there was evidence of lots of smoking in the room. The bathtub had cigarette burns on it. All the linen also reeked of smoke. The cleanliness  of the exterior of the building was very poor. The Internet was very slow.
Rating: 1
Text: Do not stay! We found bugs under the sheets! We refused to stay the night and are now having trouble getting reimbursed. We were only staying for four hours to catch up on sleep so we were willing to ignore the unsafe vibe in the parking lot, but bugs were found after pulling the sheets up. Be safe and avoid this hotel until the problem can be rectified.
