Motel 6 St Joseph
Rating: 2
Text: It was a typical motel 6 stay. It wasn't the worst or the best. They seemed to be a little more strict there, they had us sign a paper with their quiet time policies and rules. They also didn't have free wifi. You had to pay $4, which isn't bad. It was fairly clean and an okay place to sleep while on the road.
Rating: 5
Text: Location was perfect and plenty of parking.  Front staff was amazing.  There was no Do Not Disturb sign in the room and requested one so that I would get no maid service but they didn't have a spare but said they would put the request in the computer. I had my reservations but I found my room was never entered as requested.  Heating system was good enough to dry all my wet clothes hanging near it.  Only problem was the charge of $3.50 a night for internet.  I only needed it for about an hour to send messages to my wife as I have no cell phone and to check a couple other things.  The second night I used it even less.
Rating: 5
Text: We were tired, travelling late, and decided to stay somewhere around St. Joseph. We found this Motel 6 and were so pleased the "Light was on for us"  This was a new hotel, with parking right in front. I greatly appreciated having a handicapped room that was not out of my price range.  Great experience!
Rating: 1
Text: This place was terrible!
We had to stop because it was so late and we were tired. It was the night of the eclipse and we were charged extra because of it and it was after the fact.
We had hair on our sheets, bathroom was dirty and bugs on the floor. Plus the room just smelled.
I'd give it a negative star if I could. 
I should have slept in my truck. 
I had to ask for clean sheets and make my own bed.
Rating: 4
Text: If you are looking for a clean room with no amenities this is perfect for you. I stayed for a week and it was perfect. The linens are clean and staff makes sure that they are refreshed. Location is central to shopping and restaurants, right off the interstate but no highway noise. Good value.
