Motel 6 Wichita East
Rating: 5
Text: I was happy that the room and the hotel were quiet, even with the window open.  The wifi worked well.  The bed was very comfortable.  It is close to some decent restaurants.  There are enough lamps.  I highly value the availability of a microwave and a fridge.  The staff were very nice and always asked how things were going.  A lot better than I expected at about $50 a night.  When traveling alone I am usually looking for a bargain hotel, and I have paid more for less in Wichita.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel was in the same area as many other hotel options but it's bet policy was what drew us to it. Pets were not only allowed, but stayed free! Our entire purpose of the trip was to pick up my newly adopted dog and bring her home. There was not much space for walking/pottying my dog, but we made due with the small area of grass outside. The location itself was difficult to get to, but this is no fault of their own. Every business in the area requires three U turns to get to. The room was on the small side but we didn't need space for more than just sleeping. Beds we're comfortable and AC unit worked wonderfully. The bathroom was small but functional. Water pressure in the shower was phenomenal! If I ever found myself in Wichita needing to stay the night again, I would definitely choose Motel 6!
Rating: 5
Text: Very well run hotel and a very good value. Clean, well maintained, friendly staff. This is not a 4 or 5 star hotel by any means, but for a very affordable place to stay they deliver great service.
Rating: 4
Text: Location great, felt safe, easy access to highway and food. Customer service excellent, so was internet. Rooms were clean and the fridge makes a difference. Only limitation was small bathroom, toilet area. I certainly plan to come back when in Wichita.
Rating: 1
Text: After driving from MN we arrive tired. I pull into the parking lot with my truck and trailer and a hotel employee runs out the front door over to our truck and say "you cannot park here". Nice welcome to Motel 6. I tell him I am just checking in and usually ask where the best place is to park my truck and trailer. I followed him in to the check in area and they cannot find my reservation. I go out to the car to get it and they say my reservation was for last night. I booked the room the night before at 9:30 pm and I am sure I did not book it to arrive in Wichita the same eve. He gave me a room and told me to park on the street around the side of the building. I called the 1-800 number for Mote 6 and they said they will open a case and they assured me that if the hotel manager/owner does not respond in 5 days they will credit my account for the night I was not there. No response from the manager/owner yet. Poor customer service. The outside stairs to the second floor looked like and felt like they were going to crumble as we climbed them. We only used them once. Would not recommend anyone using them. The room was nice, the bed was nice. I travel through this area a few times a year and will not recommend anyone stay here The customer service is lacking.
