Motel 6 Kansas City Mo
Rating: 1
Text: The wood floors were really sick, had no idea why. Figured it was just what you guys cleaned the floor with. Got into the shower and black started running down the drain. I asked my wife to show me the bottom of her feet and they were pitch black. After I got out of the shower I cleaned the floor around the bed with the towel it turned the white towel pitch black. (I have pictures of the feet/towels) The room was also loaded with flys. I come to kc multiple times a year for chiefs games and stay in hotels often. Decided to try a motel 6 for the first time in 3 years and it was a mistake. (room had a rodent problem, found rat waste in the dressers and our luggage) 

The lady at the front counter was rude and giving me attitude just because she asked if I wanted two keys and I said yes. She couldn't get the other key to load and was taking it out on me for wanting two keys. All in all it was a bad experience. The past two times I've stayed with you guys has just really disappointed me. To the point I'd rather sleep in a road side ditch than a motel 6. I understand life can get busy and sometimes you can't give a room the full detail it needs. But running a mop across the floor would take two minutes. The only thing I was pleased with is that  mattress was surprising clean. I hope someday I'll stay in a motel 6 and not be disappointed. Maybe it's just the locations I've stayed in. But please make sure the floors get cleaned.

The guy working the front counter in the morning was extremely nice that's the only good thing I have to say about my stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location. Bro few guests which was nice. And the room was clean. The front desk lady was a little mean though.
Rating: 2
Text: When booking my stay I used the special instructions area to alert staff to the need for a ground floor room due to the fact that my son is in a wheelchair. I booked one non-smoking room with two double beds for 3 adults over a two night stay. On arrival I was handed a key for a second floor room. When I asked if they had an elevator I was told "You can use the stairs". When I repeated the question I was told "No, but like I said you can take the stairs". I advised her I had made a special request for a ground floor in on order to accommodate my son to which she replied "We didn't get any special requests. I have a smoking room with a queen bed, will that work?" I pulled up my reservation and showed her the special instructions listed for our stay. After paying she handed me a key, pointed and said "around the corner". After locating the room on the opposite side/end of the building I entered only to find myself flat on my back due to no warning about a still very wet floor. The next day we left to celebrate my daughters birthday taking our backpacks, the room key and leaving behind a 30 pack of bottled water. Around 2 pm I received a VM asking if we had checked out since there were only a "couple" bottles of water left in the room and no luggage. I had to take time out of my daughters special day to call and remind the front desk that I had already PAID for TWO days and therefore we were not even due to check out until 11 am the NEXT day and that when I did in fact check out the key would be left in the room as is standard procedure. I then received the response "well there was no luggage so we thought you checked out" at which time I VERIFIED the room was in fact still ours until 11 am the NEXT day and was simply told "yes". On returning to the room several hours later I discovered my door key no longer worked so I went to the front desk to ask why and was again told "there was no luggage so we figured you checked out". After waiting some time we finally received a new key so we could enter the room we had already payed for our last night's stay.
Rating: 5
Text: We always stay in Motel 6's when we travel. We can afford nicer hotels but chose to use our hotel savings in other areas when we travel and we've never had a bad experience. We were coming into town for the Chiefs game and were looking to stay in the closest Motel 6. This seemed to be it. We read the reviews and for the first time ever I felt hesitant to book with this brand but my curiosity now got the best of me to see "just how bad" this place was. So I took a chance and decided to gamble my stay. All i gotta say is I'm not seeing all this stuff people mention. So I'll share my experience. We we arrived 15 minutes after a 9 hour drive from Texas to a hotel with no power. No fault of the staff- a BIG storm blew through (that we drove in as well)  and knocked all the electric out in a 2 mile radius. The front desk girl- Katie- was being cussed out by people staying there and also other people arriving that she was unable to check in cuz the system was down. We told her we'd go eat and come back and see how things were. When we got back the power was still out and we tried finding another hotel  room in the area but everything including the dumps were sold out. So we were gonna sleep in our car until the power came back on. But we went in and NICELY talked to Katie and she was so sweet and was creative in finding a way to get us in our room. It was dark and no power but hey it was a bed to sleep in at least. I did discover our reservation was wrong upon the check in but Katie quickly corrected it. (not her fault- the systems) When the power came on sometime in the night we woke up to the cutest room. We loved it. There are little things like there was hole with a white patch on the orange wall- but things like that don't bother me. The water wasn't as hot as I would have liked - it warm at best- but I figured it was a short stay and I could make do- this is not the Ritz Carlton. The room was very clean and nothing we could find was wrong with the room. The next day when we were leaving- the door wouldn't shut or lock so I forced it and then it wouldn't open. We were headed to the game so we stopped in the office where we told Gregg. He was super nice too. He said maintenance was off but rest assured he would have the door looked at. Also another guest was in the office saying how he actually appreciated the power going off as it was the best sleep he had had in a long time- as it was nice and peaceful there in the dark. He was happy with his stay and was thanking Gregg as he was checking out. When we came back we stopped in to check on it and he made us new keys and said the lightening the previous night  may have messed with the lock so he reprogrammed it and here were our new keys. We slept well and the hotel provided what we needed. In short -our stay had a few kinks but was very enjoyable. Im not familiar with the town- but the motel is probably not in the best area- but if you are looking for something cost effective this is definitely a decent place to stay.
Rating: 1
Text: We chose Motel 6 because of its low pricing and location. When we arrived, the motel was dusty floored with dead bugs littering the room. The non-smoking room reeked of cigarette smoke, and the shower was gross. We decided to go to the front desk and discuss the quality of our room with the staff. Upon our description of the room, we were met with a very rude “okay, AND??” At that point we just asked for a different room if possible, because looking for a refund would be too much a hassle and finding a new hotel an even bigger hassle. Our second room, now upstairs, was cleaner, albeit not by much. The bed sheets in this non-smoker room had cigarette burns, and there were ashes on the night stand. There were no insects, however, and as my girlfriend’s insectiphobia was the biggest issue with the first, we decided to stay the night. Aside from room quality, we also witnessed a 50-60 year old trucker bringing an escort 1/3 his age into his room, and dealt with other, very loud renters. Overall I was very disappointed in the service we received.
