Motel 6 Seymour North
Rating: 2
Text: Checkin was unusual for a Motel 6, he just asked for my name and gave me a key.  He didn’t check my ID or credit card.  At least it was fast.  The room was small, but adequate; TV was great with over 120 channels.  Sink had a water restricting head that sent very little water out in thin needle streams that splashed everywhere and made it impossible to wash your hands, face, or fill up a cup with water.  Shower was a normal head with plenty of pressure, very good.  Bed was OK, nothing special.  On my second night, I was eating dinner in my room when a Japanese  guy opened my door surprising me.  He looked around the room and I finally got him to leave.  Very creepy.  My key didn’t work after that so they reprogrammed it, without checking my ID.  There were bright lights on the hotel at night which came through the blackout drapes making it hard to sleep.  The grounds of the hotel were dirty and the grass looked like it hadn’t been mowed in months.  The pool was green. Exterior doors were open and not locked.   A/C worked great, internet worked OK, but nothing special.  Price was good.  On checkout, no one was at the front desk so I couldn’t get a receipt after waiting 10 minutes, but charge to credit card was accurate.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is very impressive. Very high-end interior design and attention to detail. Excellent customer service. It's well above and beyond what I expected for the price.
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here many times. Always clean and comfortable. The owner and family are wonderful people. I do recommend this Motel 6. Only 2 things I would like to be added.
A toilet lid and a TV channels list.
Rating: 3
Text: Friendly @ welcome desk.

Room was clean, although warm and stale - no air circulation (until we turned on the AC)

Bathroom door would jam when closed.

Wi-Fi was good.

Overall a value.  Appropriate accommodations for the cost.
Rating: 3
Text: This is your average Motel 6. Clean and gets the overnight stay job done. Under $60 total. I like the laminate flooring in the room instead of some old dingy carpeting. No highway or other peoples noise.
