Motel 6
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this motel ZERO stars, I would.
It is a totally run-down, extremely dirty, filthy and disgusting place.
The second-worst Motel 6 I have ever been - and I am at Motel 6 at least 40-50 nights, and have seen it all. I came late, and had no other choice then to stay the night. The bath tub had still pubic hair from a former guest and was totally dirty. I used a towel to avoid touching the tub with my feet...
 I made a dozen photos of this room and will send it via email to you. 
The room was furnished with a chair/desk that should immediately go to the trash bin. 
Two days earlier I was in Windsor, ON, Canada Motel 6 and it was a total pleasure: extremely friendly staff, very clean room, spacy etc. - and for a lower price!
Please don't let motels like this destroy your reputation - and sort this crab out! 
BTW during this trip I stayed also at Howard-Johnson and Red Roof Inn (pet-friendly as well) and was extremely pleased, they even offered free breakfast.
Rating: 1
Text: This Motel is terrible. The room keys aren't working so while was getting my things they opened my door and left it ajar with the safety. Latch. I walked into a dark open room. My room was in the back right next to a fence. Very scary back here. Then thete was a smashed bug on the floor. I'm hoping that was an outdoor bug that got smashed. The room smells musty and the bed is hard. I could go on but you get the picture
Rating: 2
Text: Owner's daughter at the front desk became irate because upon arriving I used the bathroom in the lobby -- which was "not for public use"!  Bath towels were worn out dirty rags.   The room smelled.  The bed top cover was stained and dirty.  Only two outlets worked.  No furniture!!!  Needed some sort of small table next to the king bed for a reading light, which we do bring; but no place to plug it in anyway.  No "luggage holder" or any other table for suit cases.  Morning coffee was way below the usual Motel Six quality.  Really a "third world" type motel.  Overall condition:  shabby.
Rating: 1
Text: The only thing good was the friendly person behind the counter.  We were put on the second floor with 2 dogs, the room had no mini fridge or microwave, no desk, no dresser, dirty towel, dirty floor, basically an empty room except for the bed.  The deadbolt lock didn't work because the latch was coming loose.  The keycard had to be reprogrammed as it didn't work for outer nor room door.  We've stayed at 4 Motel 6's so far on our trip cross country, and this was the only one we'll never go to again nor recommend.
Rating: 1
Text: Filthy. Just..filthy.  For a moment I thought "well you get what you pay for" but just 24 hours later I was staying at a different motel a days ride down the road and for $10 less I got a much cleaner room, shampoo AND a continental breakfast!  I mean the bottom of the shower was black! just black (yeah it's supposed to be white)! There wasn't even a complementary shampoo so you could take a decent shower.  After 10 hours on the road the last thing you should have to worry about is what you're sleeping in
