Motel 6 Peoria - East
Rating: 1
Text: As I entered the room, it was freezing! The temperature outside was 38°. My family and I had to keep our coats on for a 1/2 hour until it warmed. The room was supposed to be a non -smoking room. However, the stale smoke smell, was definitely in the air. Our blanket had some mysterious stain, once we pulled it back. The carpet in our room was not desirable. The hallways were even worse! Every 10 feet or so, was big stains in the carpet!!
Rating: 4
Text: Was a very responsible price and the room was much cleaner than I expected for the price, pleasantly surprised. 
 I didn't like that when housekeeping was outside our door in the morning I told her we would be leaving in just a minute. When we returned later that day a different housekeeper was near and housekeeping still hadn't cleaned our room yet. We had been gone for about 5 hours!! I just decided it would be easier to ask for clean towels from her and gave her our garbage and told her not to worry about it for the day. We were back for the day and we hadn't really made a mess. 
 Also I wanted to grab a cup of coffee when we checked out at 9 a m but the coffee was empty and was told it would be at least 15 minutes. Needless to stay I didn't just stand there 15 minutes for my coffee. 
 Would I stay here again ? Sure but I now know what to expect for such a good price.
Rating: 1
Text: This was the worst room I have ever stayed in. I travel all the time and have stayed with motel 6 and many of its competitors.  This is the dirtiest hotel and the worst Motel 6 I've ever been to.  The carpet and cleanliness everywhere was horrible.  If they have a District Manager etc. over this hotel and something isn't done it will ruin the reputation. I realize this is for budget minded but charging for a one use bottle of shampoo etc. is ridiculous.  I tried to go somewhere else but couldn't find an alternative option in that area.  I was going to ask for my money back but I was in a hurry and figured I did sleep(?) for one night.

Very upset!!!
Rating: 2
Text: I have stayed in motel 6 hotels across the country. All in all they are adequate  for what you pay.  However, this particular one had holes in the mattress. It was not clean, and it looked as if the hotel might be low on towels because we only had 1. The sink looked like it was going to fall from the wall and we didn't take a shower because the shower head was rusted. The service attendant at the service desk was kind when we checked in. That was the only thing I liked about this stay.
Rating: 4
Text: It was a nice room. Fairly clean. The breakfast was missing a lot of stuff and was arranged terribly. Shower had hot water, so that's cool.
