Motel 6 Avoca
Rating: 4
Text: This is a great Motel 6. Good staff, always clean and good location for travelers.
I highly recommend this location. 
My ONLY real complaint would be to smooth out the truck parking area.  Some of the "potholes" are actually tank traps.  Some effort to smooth it out would be great!
Rating: 5
Text: Best hotel we stayed, room 106 the bed was awesome and the shower was hot with good pressure. .I recommend this placethe to anyone.  It was very quiet too and the pets loved it
 I was surprised they had wooden floors in the room, yes ,no microwave but didn't need it and coffee and tea was not in the room it was a simple awesome room. .people was very friendly.  And the place is very clean. .
Rating: 5
Text: A family feel atmosphere to the most accommodating staff. Our stay was perfect. We were created by Keith (Who we later found out to be the owner) to the sweet cleaning personnel making sure that everything was perfect and it was! We have stayed here every year and will continue to do so! HIGHLY  ❤️
Rating: 3
Text: The motel was serviceable, clean, and safe.  

The reasons for 3-star rating:  

The automatic fan in the bathroom was SO UNBELIEVABLY LOUD I could not have the light on in the bathroom ... to the point that I could not bear to take a shower with that noise happening.  It turned on the same time as the light so there was no turning it off.

A big double bed and two flat, chintzy pillows?  Cheap and unwelcoming.  Luckily I am on a road trip and had pillows in the car but otherwise I wouldn't have slept well.

Still, the hotel was adequate for the price.
Rating: 3
Text: When you pay such a low rate for a room I don't expect a lot of frills. I was surprised with the non-carpeted floors but I didn't see it as a problem. I didn't like the fact that there were no towel racks to hang the towels and wash cloths after use. I didn't like that there was no complimentary shampoo and conditioner. It would have been nice to have a hair dryer. The climate control was excellent. The shower unit was unique but very nice. The bed was sufficiently comfortable. The room was clean.
