Motel 6 York
Rating: 1
Text: I have always enjoyed doing reviews for the places I visit and stay I always try to see the Silver Lining so that I can give a positive review if there's anything to dis concerning I at least post about that so others are aware ahead of time but in all I have to report unfortunately that this was the worst hotels day I've ever had mold in the bathroom black mold one of the worst kinds for you health plaster holes in the Walls by the heater unit that weren't even painted let alone professionally done the security of the building was completely breached as none of the doors were locked so you didn't need your key card to enter the building they have no amenities because there is no pool their laundry room had been non-functioning for months and was still non-functioning when we arrived? the continental breakfast was merely coffee and tea no food? and the parking lot and grounds looked like a post-apocalyptic scene from the TV series The Walking Dead I half expected to find Daryl & Rick posted on the roof top LOL
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was under construction and remodeling. I loved the airy feel to the newly remodeled rooms and the size was impressive. However, I was not informed that the cable was or wouldn't be working so upon our arrival from Texas we couldn't just relax and watch television because there was no connection. The front desk clerk was very apologetic but I felt that this should have been disclosed before my arrival. (Maybe hotel is just not concerned with guests right to know before arrival and money hunger drives them)! 
More lightening on the south & north side of building would be comforting especially for late arrivals.
Rating: 5
Text: Our over night stay at York Motel 6 was great.Right off the interstate,so location was great. Our room was also great.Very clean, spacious, and very comfortable bed plus Free Wi-Fi.And they Welcomed our pets. Reasonable rates too !! Very accommodating,and friendly staff. Our stay was an A grade stay.
Rating: 5
Text: This place when you walk right in is full with beautiful plants all the motel 6 should follow this one is just great the professional people that work there you just feel right at home and is pet friendly.
LOVE IT
Rating: 5
Text: Clean rooms front desk person is great we have been there twice and will go back again they have a large enough lot for 7, 18wheeler trucks
