Motel 6 Big Springs Ne
Rating: 5
Text: This place is great!  The rooms are all new and nice! Mattresses are comfortable for a good night sleep.  But the customer service is even better! We stayed here a couple years ago and this place has definitely came a LONG way since our last stay!  We will be back!
Rating: 5
Text: We've stayed at this location a few times.  Staff has always been helpful.  Today we got excellent service from both the manager and staff member Brandi, after having to stop earlier than we wanted,  due to high wind conditions. After their remodel,  I would put this location near the top of my best Motel 6 list!
Rating: 3
Text: I thought overall that our stay at the Big Springs NE Motel 6 was fine.  The woman at the front desk was lovely and helpful.  The rooms were fine, but there were at least two beetles that I had to kill and normally where there are two there are probably more. My biggest complaint is that I was overcharged. My reservation which I made in May clearly states a room price of $75.13 including tax.  I was charged $95.  When I mentioned the discrepancy the man at the front desk said I was welcome to leave if I didn't want to pay that rate.  Since there were no other motels in the area I didn't have a choice. Other than that the room was adequate and I would say a good value for the price I was quoted when I booked the room, however not the price I ended up paying.
Rating: 4
Text: The remodel of Motel 6 is great. The rooms look cleaner and bigger. Hard wood floors, no stinky carpet. The price was great. Lots of bugs outside the long doors but none in the room. But the absolute best thing is having the A/C on and room cooled before I'm even there. That's one service that's consistent at Motel 6 and not at many other more expensive motels. CDL discount, quiet even though it booked full, cool rooms are ask a major plus. TV reception could have been better but would gladly take it because of the other amenities.No fridge or microwave but many other Motel 6's have those so they could be coming. Very pleased overall.
Rating: 5
Text: Really liked the remodel of the motel.  Looks so much nicer and the hardwood floors are really nice and cleaner than carpeting.  I enjoy the stay much more than before.
