Motel 6 Findlay Oh
Rating: 1
Text: Dirty,   was my first impression when I got to my room. They keep the front nice where you check in. My AC did not do anything but blow warm air, when I bought it to there attention, the maintenance man brought me a box fan with I'm certain had never been cleaned since it was new.Nasty place.you cannot even complete this survey unless you at least give them one star. And believe me that's the only way they will ever get one
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed 3 weeks. Plus side: Staff nice, rooms ok, hardwood floors, flat tv's, nice matress. Down side: needs new tub and towels, had to ask for housekeeping, hall's smell (did not notice any prostitutes or drug deals and dog at front was sleeping when I seen him all the times.)
Rating: 5
Text: Although the outside of the building gives off an appearance of it possibly being dirty, the room was fantastic. It was clean, it looked nice, the bed was comfortable as well. My only complaint is that the bathroom door didn't close, but that didn't take anything away from my experience. I would absolutely recommend this motel.
Rating: 1
Text: A front desk employee keeps a huge barking dog behind the counter because she says they usually only have drug dealing prostitutes in the hotel. The outer door doesn't lock which would provide extra security. The parking lot is full of garbage. The rooms smell like mold and you can see black mold all over the bathrooms. The toilet seat is broken. House keeping bangs on doors at 8am. The second and third floors smell like body odor and garbage. Half the doors have their numbers written on with a marker. Remote doesn't work half the time and sink is stopped up.
Rating: 2
Text: I was not very pleased with the stay. In the morning, I stopped in early just to check out the facilities and be sure my reservation was on the books. I was told several times by the desk clerk that I was "too early" even when I tried to explain to him I knew check in was later and I wouldn't be back til around 5:30 pm to check in, he just kept saying "your too early". So, around 5:30 pm I enter the so called LOBBY and say hello a few times to get someones attention. No one responds for almost 10 minutes, so I formulate a brilliant plan, I'll call!. The phone rings, for quite some time and no one comes to the front desk to answer it. After a few more minutes go by, I realize I hear some woman's voice carrying on a somewhat loud conversation in the hall around the corner. I step over to the hallway and say "excuse me, is anyone here to check me in?" She says "oh I'm sorry, usually my dog barks to let me know someone is here, he's asleep now tho". The room was not at all pleasing it smelled and the workers the lady was having a conversation with had the door propped open, so I went to the local bars to watch the games until 11:00 pm to minimize the time I would have to stay in that hideous room. I got very little sleep and promise you I will NEVER stay at another Motel 6.
