Motel 6 Charleston West - Cross Lanes Wv
Rating: 4
Text: The Staff were excellent and very personable went the extra mile. However the room was upgraded and appeared clean but the floor was my only issue, it needed mopped so so bad. The grounds were well kept and the units in good shape and the AC crew I spoke to were very pleasant and hard working. I would stay again and I go there to track and will stay again. Thank you
Rating: 2
Text: First two rooms given to me were a a gamble.  Not cleaned, beds unmade.  I'm disabled so going back and forth to the office was painful.  Finally. Another customer was kind enough to go to the office for me after I asked him if his beds were unmade, too.  But the pillows were the only comfortable pillows I've had for at least a decade.  I keep buying pillows trying to find one that was comfortable.  But they refused to sell me one.  I think, after all the trouble I had they should have given me one.  I got online and found they only pay about 12 per pillow, but you have to buy a case.
Rating: 1
Text: YUCK!!! 0 stars  Don't know why anybody would sleep in this dump. I'm suprised it hasn't been condemned. Went immediately back to office to get a refund... The desk clerk was the only good thing here. Friendly and helpful. He needs to find a job at a good motel. Would be an asset.
Rating: 2
Text: Had to sit in my car to search for the best deal for this place since the clerk was not forthcoming.  He waited for me to finish so I could register.   he was nice once that was done and seemed understanding.        As far as clean,  I was so tired I didn't see the blood drops on the floor or the coffee splatter on the wall behind the bathroom door until I was ready for sleeping.  The bed and sink were clean.  Only had 1 towel and 1 washcloth in the room.  No hand towel.    I would have had to drive clear around to the front to get another towel and ice so I just opted to sleep.  Very disappointed.
Rating: 5
Text: excellent service, everyone that i interacted with was very helpful and friendly. upon arrival i noticed the refrigerator had some thing in it that needed cleaning. one of the housekeepers was nearby and i asked for a old piece of cloth to clean it. before i could finish explaining the situation the young lady drop/stop what she was doing and came right over and clean the refrigerator out. i just wished that i had gotten her name so i could include it here. the folks at the front desk were also very nice. we went out  for a while and i did not request that the room be cleaned, when we came back the room was cleaned. needless to say, that i was very impressed with everything and everyone. i have stayed at this location many times over the last 30 years and things have always been nice and i truly do appreciate the kindness/service of everyone. thanks; (~_~)!
