Motel 6 Sandusky- Huron
Rating: 1
Text: The people were nice, but that’s where the “fun” ends.  The first room smelled weird and had small black hairs all over the bed sheets.  Not the bed spread, but the sheets.  The next room they gave me still had a funky smell and a big yellow stain on the sheets, when I pulled the top cover back.  Pretty gross.  I could hear everything going on out in the hall, and the staff didn’t seem to mind about the party going on down the hall on the second night.  I chose to stay because I could find another hotel in the area and was there for a work convention.  I actually had booked a motel 6 for a trip in Iowa I had the following weekend, but cancelled due to my experience in Ohio.  Oh and don’t forget the freight trains that run on the hour.  That was fun to listen to.
Rating: 5
Text: Exactly what we needed, a clean and pretty quiet place to sleep and shower. Basic hotel but great rates. TV didn't work and it was too late to get maintence to swap the box, so the desk clerk offered us a different room. Staff was absolutely great, wonderful customer service. We will definitely stay here again.
Rating: 2
Text: The price was good. Indoor pool was good. Staff was not very personable, rude. Honestly, if you don't like people in general you should not be in customer service. Water pressure was horrendous. The beds are hard as heck but that's preference. If the staff was more people friendly and water pressure was better I would give 4 stars. I also feel there should be coffee available round the clock. Its coffee and coffee is pretty cheap. I would pay an extra 5$ just for that. Would I stay there again? Maybe. The hotel itself is not bad, just the experience with an unhelpful staff that was rude made it not so great. Particularly the evening/night shift.
Rating: 4
Text: I have stayed at this motel several times, and have always given it a 5 star rating.  However, this time, the TV remotes did not work.  Apparently they installed some new TVs or a new system or both, and the remotes have to be reprogrammed each time they are used.  Turn on the TV, select a channel, 5 minutes later you want to change the channel, and you have to re-program the remote - and even then it does not always work.  You can physically push a button on the TV to turn it on and off, but you cannot change the channels using the buttons on the TV.  That has to be done using the remote.  And this is apparently true in every room.  My cousin had an adjoining room, and his TV was exactly the same.
Rating: 1
Text: Very unsatisfied with our stay! After a day at Cedar Point we came to this location which was an easy drive. Once we arrived at our room we found hair in our bed sheets, two flies on the wall, and at least every half hour there was a train that went by which was directly next to the motel. The beds were uncomfortable and we were woke up multiple times due to the train. In the morning we were woke up as we could hear people in the room next to us as the walls were thin. Then in the morning there was only one shampoo packet given in the bathroom for multiple people and there were extra available to buy in the vending machine. Also there was not a hairdryer in the room. Upon arrival we requested a late check out and verified it multiple times. The employee said they would make note of it, but they never did so in the morning an employee came to our room saying we missed checkout. The guest services were not great as I requested that flowers that I brought be put up in the room before my girlfriend walked in as a surprise and they said they were unable to do that even though I asked if they could do it when they knew which room I would have. I would definitely recommend a different location.
