Motel 6 Kalamazoo
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderfully taken care of from first phone call to the registration process to getting a lovely room with clean clean clean area. Everything looked well taken care of. The platform bed comfy and such white spotless sheets. I hope I can leave it unharmed. The bathroom too was very nice just one thing alittle small. But we had a two queen size bedroom. Very satisfied for the money and we had my mom's Yorkie and did not charge one cent extra. Love this place
Rating: 2
Text: Hotel staff wasn't flexible when i requested that the 4 rooms I  booked be to be as close together as possible. i was told that room assignments were set and couldn't be changed, even though the hotel appears to have a high vacancy.  
I also left a pair of prescription eye glasses in the room when i departed.  Fortunately housekeeper found them and returned them to the front desk.  The desk staff informed me i could com and pick them up.  I requested to make arrangement  to have the glasses mailed to me.  I was told i would need to work that out with the manager who would call me.  After 24 hours with no call back,  My confidence that the motel staff would mail them was very low, so i made the decision to drive from the Chicago area to Kalamazoo to personally pick up my glasses.
Rating: 1
Text: Where do I start? The door has 2 broken locks, the bathtub has used soap from a former customers body and hey if you call the front desk from your cell because they don't provide phones because of the 530 am party that broke out where baby kids are running around driving cars blasting their stereos outside waking your 9 n 10 yr old daughters they will literally laugh at you. The front desk does not care if you are a paying customer or not. They just refused to do anything about because we were the only 1s to call in. That because the rest were outside partying too. Worst place to stay in the tri- state area with the worst staff covering the front desk. Good luck if you plan on staying here. Have before never again.
Rating: 2
Text: Our room smelled like stale cigarettes and marijuana. The lady at the front desk was unfriendly and rude. But the bed was comfortable and it was quiet and peaceful and they allow dogs so that’s a plus. I definitely wouldn’t spend another $60 though.
Rating: 3
Text: The front service clerk who checked us in was NOT friendly. The flooring was rough and felt kind of dirty. The room overall was alright, and there was two beds instead of one. Wifi kept going in and out, and the other guests near us were extremely sketchy. The bathroom/bathtub did not look clean but the sink and desk area was nice. And the lady who checked us out was really friendly and nice.
