Motel 6 Columbia - East
Rating: 4
Text: This is a great hotel for the price. Yes it is an older hotel, yes it allows pets and smoking on the top floor but it is clean and the service was nice. The beds were very comfy and my daughter wanted to keep the pillows from her bed they were so soft and nice. The T.V. has lots of channels. The room had a fridge and microwave which was really great for us. the location is fantastic, you are right off the highway but you are less than 3 minutes from a ton of great places to eat and shop and things to do. University of Missouri is less than 10 minutes away which is why we were in town visiting. Great hotel for the price.
Rating: 5
Text: I'm a Motel 6 regular who travels frequently with two dogs. This Motel 6 is one of the best I've stayed in. Clean room, great cable and solid Internet connection. I made same-day online reservation, and your staff had anticipated my needs. A single bed room wasn't available, but I wasn't charged more, and because I had dogs, they put me in a first-floor room in a low-traffic area.
Rating: 4
Text: I found the bed comfortable, the refrigerator and microwave in the room were appreciated. I would have liked to get hot water for herbal tea in the morning. I was unable to turn on the fitness equipment, but didn't care enough to ask at the desk. I also assumed I would have TV, but again, didn't care enough to be upset.
Rating: 3
Text: It was very basic. I'm short and did not care for the tall bathroom sink. The sheets could use some fabric softener. The refrigerator wasn't cold. The price was high for the room. I've stayed at Hampton Inn for same price and they have the most comfortable beds.
Rating: 3
Text: My room was relatively clean, but even though I got a non-smoking room, it still smelled like smoke. The air freshener to try and blanket the smell of smoke was so strong it gave me a headache. My toilet was also clogged from the first day I got there; the front desk gave me a plunger. Overall a great value for the price, and I needed a budget hotel that seemed pretty clean. So I got what I paid for.
