Motel 6 Kokomo
Rating: 3
Text: Check in was fast, young lady at front desk was nice, parking lot accommodating for large truck. Know microwave, know refrigerator, there was ice machine and vending machines and they where stocked. Place needs some sprucing up but the room was clean smelled clean when you walked in. Bed well wasn't what I like but hey sheets where Clean, pillows where fluffy. And was a nice area for the dog to walk. You did hear road noise but I was in the front and it was a Saturday night. Hope this is helpful
Rating: 1
Text: While the staff were very helpful, the conditions of this place were deplorable.  The first room we were given reeked of urine so bad, the smell overwhelmed us as soon as we opened the door.  The odor was coming from the bed.  The bedspread was torn and ragged.  We were given another room that at least smelled better but it was not clean.  There were stains on all of the walls and floor, hairs on the walls of the bathroom, and stains all over the bedspread.  No hairdryer, no vent fan in the bathroom, and we were given one bath towel for the two of us.  I could go on and on but I don't know how the health department passes this place as habitable for humans.
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! This place is disgusting!! The hallways smell like urine, dogs, and trash. Then once I entered the room the floor in the main room and the bathroom had not been swept and the bathtub had not been cleaned. Had to wash it out myself to even use it due to all the hair that was all over the shower floor and walls. Then to top it all off they have BED BUGS!!!! I have several bites on my arms and legs! I may even have to see a physician due to the bites because they are all very swollen and just look awful, along with the constant itching!!  I just wanted a weekend out of town with my boyfriend and it was ruined because of this dump! I don't even want to give them 1 star but it won't let me post without doing so. I want my money back!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: Hotel is in serious need of renovation. Flooring was coming up, shower leaked, toilet seat was loose, and bathtub was patched with a rubber mat (could feel a hole in the bottom of the tub). Some rooms had powerful smells, and while the room we rented was listed as non-smoking, reeked of cigarette smoke. If we could have found another hotel within an hour's drive, we would have, even after paying for this one.
Rating: 5
Text: Such a friendly, helpful staff. Everything was first-rate, from my phone call request for an early check-in to the last goodbye at the front office.
