Motel 6 Richmond In
Rating: 2
Text: The price was good. Our room smelled clean & the sheets smelled nice & clean. We appreciated the sm.
fridge.  We didn’t care for the firm mattresses & were surprised by the lack of the usual amenities. No tissues, hair dryer, clock, pad of paper or information about the area.
I knew there wouldn’t be breakfast, but it seems the other basics should
be available.  We unfortunately had a car right outside our window that had it’s alarm go off 3 or more times the 2 nights we were there.   Maybe the motel is in the middle of renovations
& will improve the common areas. If not, it looks like it’s going downhill.
Rating: 5
Text: Everyone was just great. This was our first time staying at any motel/hotel with our tiny Yorkie. We were very comfortable. Sarah was the one who really went above and beyond helping me over the phone. Juan was very considerate and accommodating while we were there and there were 2 other ladies who were very nice, one named Ladonna (I think) and one more lady that I didn't get her name. Very, very nice employees.
Rating: 5
Text: Motel 6 has really cleaned up their act. They seem to be modeling their rooms in the Euro style. The room was very clean, open and simple.
The check in woman with the Tim Burton tattoos was really helpful and friendly and a pretty neat montage on her arm. I would definitely return.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean, basic accommodations. The front desk was friendly. No blankets on the beds, but they had them at the front desk when we asked for them.  There were 4 of us in the room, but only 2 sets of towels so we would have to ask for more towels too.  Liked having the fridge in the room.  The final bill included an extra "green tax". Check your total when you check out, because that wasn't in our reserved total.  I called on it, and the hotel said it was an additional county tax.  I wish they would have disclosed that in the beginning.
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly staff, very accommodating to the dog event that weekend.  Nice, big room that was clean and bed was very comfortable.  The rooms were also extremely quiet, despite the number of guests staying there.  I am only sorry the majority of your guests did not pick up after their dogs.
