Motel 6 Bloomington In
Rating: 2
Text: The staff was very nice and accommodating. They responded quickly when the battery was out in our door lock. 
The room was horribly old. The light fixtures were difficult to turn on because the new shades were over the little twist switch. The shades also were not secured so the one over the bed felt like they might fall on me. The floor felt like it was veneer over the old carpet which might be why the room smelled dank and musty. The fridge leaked so we had to clean up the dirty footprints we caused when we first walked through the room and then keep a towel at the base of the fridge. 
The TV didn't have any clear reception. The walls were bare. The shower head sprayed out of the join to the pipe so that my hair got all wet when I was trying to keep it dry. The rest of the spray coming out of the head was a narrow pattern with little pressure.
On the up side the location across from a small green median had a nice little loop for a run. The black out curtains were sufficient. It was not noisy. And, as I mentioned, the staff was nice. 
We will, however, pay more for a better room during subsequent visits.
Rating: 1
Text: Crappy. Stayed there for IU-Wisconsin football game weekend. Rate was $149, which I get for a football game weekend, but this room was awful. Room was old, dated and smelled like smoke. Floor was sticky and was coming up in spots. TV did not work. Shower had weak pressure and didn't get hot at all. Bathroom overall not very clean. Decent location in walking distance from Memorial stadium, but do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.
Rating: 1
Text: Room smelled terrible like stale smoke.  Burn marks on tub. Floor tiles pulling up. Air conditioner didn't work. Light above bed had a short. Toilet ran all night. FOUND BED BUGS ON BED BY BATHROOM IN THE MORNING. Have not heard back from management after reporting the bed bugs. Disgusted.
Rating: 1
Text: Service was terrible. Called to complain about hair in tub and got nothing but a rude clerk who didn't offer to move me rooms. Got told that we could leave the property which we willing did. Got told I wasn't getting a refund and I feel like we did nothing wrong. If you go here expect nothing but rude customer service. I would give 0 stars. Not only was the room filthy but the TV didn't even work correctly.
Rating: 1
Text: Nothing but trash who live here, there are more trashy people who live at this Motel 6 then there are people who are travelling and just want to spend a night or two there. They are constantly jacking up the price for their rooms, then they lower the price back down then jack it back up again. The rooms are old and not that great and dirty. One time I spent a night here and I found a used condom in the bathtub. When there is a IU football game in town they jack the price for a room to almost $100.00 a night. They have old tube TVs that don't get much channels and some of the channels don't come in good.
