Motel 6 Des Moines South - Airport
Rating: 4
Text: Good experience.  Mostly quiet room.  Would have liked a better TV and guide.  Would have liked thicker walls.  The room was clean and there was plenty of space, towels, and tissues for everything I actually needed for my two night stay.

The person working the front desk when I checked in about 9:30pm Friday night was fantastic, friendly, conversational.  Kicked off my weekend with a smile.
Rating: 4
Text: I really like the people who work here, always so nice.  I really would LOVE to see the rooms clean though. I had 129 and the bathroom floor and carpet were super gross.  And the room had been smoked in.

Good location with the Hy Vee and Perkins next door.  My only complaint really is the rooms are in desperate need of a deep cleaning or a remodel.  Carpet is black with dirt, and the rooms smell like smoke.  Beds are broken down and swayed.  I like the fact I can open the window, but the screen was missing.
Rating: 5
Text: Great room for the price. Quiet and clean. This is a no frills motel which I expected. The staff is very nice and will take care of you. The coffee is better than most coffee shops.
Rating: 1
Text: First off I would like to commend the staff for being super friendly and helpful. The location and parking were also great.

That said, the room was in a poor state of repair, the room door didn't really fit the frame, it also looked like it wouldn't keep out a strong breeze.

The bathroom door also didn't fit and a previous guest, presumably in a vain attempt to close the door for some privacy, kicked a hole in it.

The floor had a very sticky texture, I'm pretty sure that wasn't intended.
Rating: 1
Text: The room reeked of cigarettes  and I couldn't stay it was so bad. When I went to the front desk, there was no one there to check out. I waited and came back over 45 minutes later and there still wasn't anyone there. I ended up having a severe asthma attack and left to find another motel. When I contacted customer relations, 3 different people hung up on me. The last person I spoke to told me they would only refund my costs if I "properly checked out". Motel 6 was awful, run down rooms, non smoking rooms that reeked of smoke, no one on premises to deal with problem, then horrible customer relations. I have filed a complaint and expect reimbursement....
