Motel 6 Chicago O'Hare - Schiller Park
Rating: 3
Text: The motel location was a convenient one for a nearby convention so I appreciated that. When we got there though we were told the rooms wouldn't be ready until nearly into the evening leaving us to drag around our bags after getting off a train. However they were able to get a room ready within the next couple hours. The room was adequate. It wasn't overly dirty and the bed was fine enough. It did what it needed to for our short stay.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean and well appointed. Staff very friendly and helpful.
Well located. Safe neighborhood. Competitive price. Worked for me.
Rating: 2
Text: On our second night we were awakened around 3 a.m. by a pounding/ knocking sound from above.  We heard this for over an hour before i called the front desk.  Reached for the beside phone and it did not work.  So i had to get my cell phone, step outside so not to disturb my daughter any further and call.  Around 4:20 a.m. i spoke with Michelle. I told her of the situation. It sounded as if someone was wrestling /fighting. (Thumping continued until after 5.) She said she could not call the police because i suspected a fight. I never asked for that.  But what i did ask was if she could send an employee to investigate. She refused to do that.  She lamely offered to move us to another room that would have been just as inconvenient.  (2nd floor Non- smoking) i am a disabled veteran who has difficulty on stairs due to physical issues. Also a guest who overheard my conversation with Michelle stated the noise woke him and his wife who were on their 1st anniversary trip, and he was on the second floor.  I was tired the entire day because i had been woken up at 3, then had to deal with the incompetence of the staff.  Needless to say we LOST 4 hours of sleep and still had to function the rest of the day and evening.  It truly threw a damper on my daughter's birthday celebration. The situation frustrated me a bit considering i prefer motel 6 and use you often.  This location is one of your lowest standard ones and i would not recommend this location. Most of the staff i encountered had attitudes that were nonchalant. One employee actually smiled and tried to help later that day when i had to go to the office for the second time because they only activated my room keys for 2 nights when I paid for 3. This location's staff truly inconvenienced  my daughter and myself. Not how i planned to spend my daughter's birthday trip (promised to her 10 years ago)  to Chicago.
Rating: 1
Text: My daughter and her mother stayed at this motel 6 in Schiller park ,my daughter left in a ambulance and was told she could pick up her stuff the next day, well we went to get her stuff with police in case of any problems ,they told us to come back the next day to talk to the maid ,which we did ,she in turn told us she was off that day and had no clue . We spoke to the clerk and now told us maintenance has keys to the lost and found,which her stuff should have not been there to begin with but all we kept getting was the manager or maintenance is not here or when they come to the office including the manager will call you back ,till now I have not gotten a call and when I do call ,THERE IS NO MGR!!!! And nobody has keys ,so basically got robbed ,we leave the lights on for you ,WELL IT'S TIME TO TURN THEM OFF!!! NEVER WILL I STAY AT A MOTEL 6 !!!
Rating: 1
Text: - Mosquito in the room, front desk was nice enough to change the room.
- key card didn't work and the front desk instructed us to keep away from cell phone and credit card, but still didn't work.
- House keeping cleaned the washroom only once in 5 days. 
- Internet, they ask extra money for it. Seems like they are living in stone age. Chicago has free wifi in malls, restaurants - but not at Motel6. This policy should be changed effective immediately.
- Washroom exhaust didn't work, got fixed third day.
- Washroom sink is outside; using the sink at night time will wake the other family members up.
