Motel 6 Crawfordsville In
Rating: 3
Text: The hotels location was excellent for our stay. The room was clean and neat. However we only had 2 pillows on each bed that where definitely used. The bathroom was outdated. And the drain went down very slow. No wash clothes in the bathroom. And the front desk reception area needs some work. Also outdated. A little pricey for the room.
Rating: 5
Text: We needed to check in late and the staff was very accommodating. The clerk was pleasant and friendly. The room key cards worked the first time! It was quiet and peaceful at night. The room was so clean I felt comfortable being barefoot. The ice machine had plenty of ice. All sets of towels were there. TV worked without the need to figure out the remote. Plenty of hot water for the 2 showers we took. Not really any complaints to mention. All was well.
Rating: 3
Text: I prefer motels where the door faces to the outside and my vehicle is just a few feet away and this is one of those places!

My assigned room was spacious, clean, and well-appointed with a fridge and microwave. Location is good in that restaurants and stores are nearby. 

The downside was our group didn't get adjacent rooms as requested just after I made the reservation. This was my second stay. We were here in 2014 and liked it enough to repeat. Despite the snafu, I'd stay here again!
Rating: 2
Text: The room was dirty but like in the "been cleaned but still dirty" way. The AC made terrible noises. The color on the TV was washed out. No amenities besides one bar of soap. No hairdryer. The highway thunders constantly. There were flies in the room. I had to wear my flip flops in the shower because it was so dirty. I don't know what I expected, but I have stayed in many Motel 6 and they've been nicer. For these rooms to have been "updated", it must have been a while ago because they're totally crappy again now.
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is a good buy for the money. It is a hotel that we tend to choose when traveling with our pet cause they except a pet. Our pet is very valuable to us and this hotel chain has been exceptionally good at excepting our pet. We enjoyed our stay here after a long drive home from the east coast. Thanks for the friendly service and clean room.
