Motel 6 Kewanee Il
Rating: 5
Text: I am so thankful I found the Motel 6 in Kewanee, IL.  It was an extremely pleasant stay.  The proprietor's of this motel were hospitable, and greeted us very cordially. They treated us as if we were family.  They were concerned we were satisfied with our stay which is a show  excellent customer service!  Thank you for making our stay so pleasant.  The room was comfortable - pillows and bedding was great!
Rating: 5
Text: Half the price of motels nearby. Very clean motel 6. Internet is amazing, I played ps4 all weekend not one issue. Free coffee in the mornings and they have HBO. People that own it are awesome. This place is great. The only way it could be a better motel if they had a pool.
Rating: 5
Text: The motel itself was very nice and clean great value for money. Staff was friendly and courteous, room was very nice and clean, bed was very comfortable. Would not hesitate to stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: The accommodations for the price is very good.  There is no breakfast but the coffee was on in the mornings.  The staff was very attentive and considerate of our needs at check in.  We will stay there again if staying in Kewanee, IL.
Rating: 2
Text: The staff was friendly but hard to understand, they were an Indian family. I was told I was to receive a 10% discount for senior citizens and a discount for being a veteran but this never happened. Several outlets in the room were not working so I could not charge my phone. Fresh coffee was not made in the morning, you had to drink what was left over from the previous evening. The back entrance was setup to use with a key card but was always open, anyone could walk in. Parking was not a problem, since they were only about 10 guests staying through the weekend. I guess that's all they could handle they said they were booked up. According to their brochure a continental breakfast was to be served every morning but the breakfast room was used for storage. Do not use this hotel pay a little extra and get a better one, I do not recommend staying here.
