Motel 6 Troy Mo
Rating: 4
Text: I have family in the Troy area and was looking for a place where my Labrador Retriever could stay with me. This Motel 6 is the only place in town I could find.

That said, I was not expecting much, especially at this price point. I was most pleasantly surprised when I got to my room. It was very clean, although sparse and, most importantly, the bed was possibly the most comfortable I've ever slept on (including my own) and the pillow was perfect.

There were other dogs in the building including a little dog next door that I could hear barking every time I walked out of the room, yet I never heard it when I was in my room - total quiet. :-) 

Great room, great staff, great value. I will definitely be returning.
Rating: 1
Text: My daughter and son in law stayed here for several months, they were promised a fridge and microwave and never received them. When they were out of their room one time housekeeping stole clothes and some jewelry so my kids have since moved out of there. I would not recommend this motel to anyone.
Rating: 1
Text: We expected a clean basic room with a fairly comfortable bed.  

The was no clock or even a lamp or wall light.  The only lights were the bathroom light and one fluorescent fixture over the open sink in the room.  It did not work the next morning.

The air conditioner spewed out stale smelly air when we turned it on.  The cable television images were of very poor quality.

The shower had warm, not hot water, and didn't stay warm for very long.  The bed was very hard and uncomfortable.  The website states that there should be a micro refrigerator, but none was present.

The fresh paint job did not conceal the poor condition of the building.  The parking lot was full of large cracks and potholes.  The motel reminded us of a building that had been built decades ago and never maintained and was past it's useful life.
Rating: 1
Text: Ah well you get what you pay for, except not really. I don't need furniture, tv, amenities, breakfast or anything special at all. Just a bed and shower.

Bed was fine but kinda hard to sleep when hearing everything in the motel. Every discussion in the other rooms, every door being slammed...
Shower was lukewarm. Whatever I can deal with it, but really a hot shower is not too much to ask.
Rating: 3
Text: The desk clerk working Sunday night August 20th was fabulous guy.  Still there in morning. Very sweet.   
The hotel was the only one available when we made the reservation so that is why I give it 3 stars. I also can tell they are trying to renovate and it will probably be fine in a few months. 
 In every other way, for right now, this hotel would be a 1 star at best. Sorry.  The only light functioning in the room was in the shower space. There were bare wires over the sink, no lamps by bed, the phone wasn't plugged in, and there was big patch in bathtub.  The door deadbolt lock didn't have handle/switch so had to use tool to lock the door.  
The bed and floor were nice.  The TV was fine.  So....I think the rooms should have cost about $45-50 given the situation AND the website and check-in should have warned guests that they would be functioning in complete darkness and need their cellphones for light.  It was bug-free, clean enough.
