Motel 6 Cedar Rapids - Airport
Rating: 5
Text: The staff at this facility is beyond friendly, professional and helpful.  The maid staff is exceptionally friendly and respects the guests privacy.  The front desk staff, all shifts, are friendly and helpful too.  I know that this is a "lower budget" motel, however, it's better than some I've stayed at for much more.  I recommend this particular Motel Six to everyone.  Very down-to-earth and comfortable.  Oh and a big plus, PET FRIENDLY!
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean rooms.  Great location.  Outstanding price.  Good people.  Good Wifi.  I am a road warrior and this place was, for the price, as good as any mainstream business hotel that I've stayed at.  I am highest status at HI and Marriott!  Sure, no on-site restaurant, bring your own shampoo, cedar-block walls, but a good bed, lots of TV channels . . . what else could you want for less than $40?
Rating: 1
Text: Upon opening the door to the room we encountered a strong smell of mildew. The room was tiny (much smaller than was shown in the pictures). I couldn't shut the bathroom door because the room was so very small. The walls were so thin we heard the conversation the gentleman in next room was having on his cell phone not to mention the TV. And finally my husband and I thought the floor would have been more comfortable than that mattress.
Rating: 2
Text: The bed could have been stiffer for us.  The pillows were much to soft.  Also the bathroom sink faucet was mounted loosely and had no drawers or doors on it.  The bottom of the tub was quite stained and missing one traction strip.  Quite small towels as well.
I will say the room was quite clean and quiet.
Rating: 1
Text: Floor was bare, no carpet and dirty. Had to ask a housekeeper to mop it.  Toilet hadn't been cleaned.  Had to get someone to clean that mess. The tub was dingy and didn't look like it had been properly cleaned in a long time.  Mildew on the grout between tiles in shower.  Bed wanted to roll me off unless I was right in the middle.  Very small hard uncomfortable chair.  Made it extremely uncomfortable to watch TV.
Walked past other rooms where doors were wide open and the all had carpet and a nicer chair.  Guess you don't get those things at the price I paid.
Only coffee in the morning and it was promptly put away at 10am.
The whole place smelled like....smoke?  I and a few other guests couldn't figure out what the smell was.  Sure wasn't an air freshener.
Only good thing, price wise, it was cheap.
