Motel 6 Junction City
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms recently remodeled, but not the bathroom. Very nice and clean. Bathroom had burn marks from cigarettes on tub and counter, but clean. I stayed one night traveling through to Colorado. It had 2 double beds with dorm size fridge and microwave for $48.99 with tax on a Friday night. Free coffee in lobby. Staff friendly. Right off I 70. Gas station and A&W root beer restaurant, and car wash next to it. I would definitely stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice room and friendly staff. Great place to stay for a couple hours to get some sleep on a long drive. Great price also!
Rating: 3
Text: The customer service was great! They were very polite and courteous. The first room we stayed in was granted a smoking room due to the fact that there were no other room available. that being said the smell was intolerable avid there were was towels that looked like they had been used for cleaning left on the shower cutrtain. The toilet was still dirty with excrement and pubic hair under the seat. The rooms have a hospital room feel to them. The mini fridge had to be pulled out so we could plug it in. The second room which was non smoking was way way better other than the shower which had wooden fold down seat for senior citizens that didn't look sanitary at the least and a non slip mat rolled up on back of the toilet. Now we understand that for the price we should have no room to complain but we have decided from now on of there are no rooms  available in a town that we are going and there is only a motel 6 with rooms available we will readjust our plans to be able to go to a higher quality hotel.
Rating: 2
Text: We had dead bugs laying all over our floor.  The refigerator didn't work. We had screaming kids almost 24 hrs a day next to us and across from us. I had to go out in the hallway at almost midnight to ask a lady that was very loud to show some respect that people were trying to sleep.  She screamed and swore at me and called me horrible names. Your attendant on duty did absolutely nothing.  There were barking dogs, kids kicking walls. My son is in the military and I came to help him because he got hurt at work. He had a concussion and had to go next door at 11pm to get them to stop their kids from kicking the wall because your attendant wouldn't.  He did not rest well like he should have been. I paid for 3 nights and was told after the first night I couldn't get a refund so I could go somewhere else quieter. Not happy with your service at all!!!
Rating: 3
Text: Mix up with online reservation. What I clicked on was not what was reserved for me. Then I got put in probably the noisiest room I have ever occupied in all the times I have stayed at this motel. The noise from the interstate kept me awake most of the night. Even the air conditioner couldn't drown it out.
