Motel 6 Lexington East
Rating: 3
Text: All in all not a bad experience. You expect that when you pay a little less that you get a little less. The staff was friendly, and professional. The rooms were clean and odor free. I expected a less than comfortable bed and was surprised by the bed being somewhat more comfortable than I anticipated. The reason for the middle of the road rating... Toilet flushed slowly which led to a clogged toilet on our second night, and despite having asked for a non-smoking room we were provided with a room that had a no smoking sticker on the door but an ash tray in the room, burn marks on the bathtub and burn holes on the blankets on both beds. For the price we paid though... Very satisfied.
Rating: 1
Text: Wow! I have left one bad review ever on Google. Here is the second one ever! This motel was TERRIBLE! We got into our rooms, and literally there was blood on the sheets and we have no idea whose it was. There underneath the sheets there was tons of hair from whoever used the bed last. The bathroom had hair all over it. The toilet was covered in urine. After flushing the toilet, the toilet shot water out of it and covered half our room! So they moved us to a different room. The next room had a light that would flicker like crazy when you turned it on. The room smelled super funky. When turning on the ran, the room would fill with the smell of weed.  Oh and you can hear everything through the walls. So expect to feel like your sitting in the room with the people next door as the walls are so paper thin.

THEY DO A TERRIBLE JOB CLEANING THE ROOMS. 

You get what you pay for, it is a motel. (The only good things were the rooms were pretty big, they had nice floors, and I didn't see any cock roaches)
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms are very nice since being renovated and you can't beat the price especially after adding 10% off for Military/Veterans. The staff are very pleasant and down to earth. Only downside is there's no mini fridge available in any of the rooms. Definitely recommend this place for price and quality for price.
Rating: 4
Text: Quietest Hotel EVER.  Clean too. Nice new TVs. Good lighting. I like how the sink & mirror area is separate from the bathroom and is very well lit. Friendly staff. Price is right!
Rating: 5
Text: Had to find something last minute. The rooms are the cleanest and nicest little set up I've stayed in for awhile. Would definitely choose this motel again over others around
