Motel 6 Rockford Il
Rating: 5
Text: Very comfortable I was supposed to check out at 11. I slept at 3:20 they never bugged me . And never ask me for a penny. The staff are very friendly, rooms are neat and clean big  king size bed fits 3 wee if you know what I mean would highly recommend. Thank you.
Rating: 2
Text: The place was disgusting! All of our bedding had cigarette burns in it! The grass has either cigarette butts or dog poop all over! Thankfully we didn't have bed bugs! We checked! There must be people that permanently live there because our " neighbor" would peek out his curtains! Very freaky especially for my daughter! No wifi either! On the bright side the floor was new and clean and the shower was decent! Wouldn't ever stay again I'll spend the extra money to stay somewhere else!
Rating: 5
Text: Pretty much exactly what I expected for the money. A clean (yet older) room with a comfortable bed. There were some oddities like the remote control cover missing and the knob for the heater strategically removed but a clean and decent room for less than $50 after taxes is a rare thing these days and I was happy with it.
Rating: 2
Text: Ant infested from day one. they were on the table when I moved in. They Never, in 2 weeks came to sweep the floor or take out the trash. I tried to pay for another week on Fri. then again Sunday morning when the wouldn't accept payment. The Sunday afternoon front desk person called me on my way back to the room after working a 10 hr. shift to threaten to have the room cleaned out if I didn't pay soon. She was just Nasty. The water never got hot enough to take a comfortable shower. I was always freezing when stepping out of the shower. For almost $400. a week the least they could do is bring clean sheets and towels. I will never stay at a motel 6 again.
Rating: 1
Text: The location was good.  The TV worked well.
The room was disgusting.
The beds each had a thin blanket and both were full (at least 12) cigarette burn holes in them.
The sheets had hairs on them and all the towels and sheets were very wrinkly, could tell they had never been folded.
Sink and faucet were dirty. Gunk on the bathroom door.
I wiped a spot on the floor where I had dripped some water and the kleenex I used came up filthy, floor hadn't been washed in a while.
Not a good experience at all.  Would not recommend this hotel
