Motel 6 North Platte
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and quiet. We have stayed at this motel 6 before. Very friendly staff. We have a dog so that's another Number one reason why we stay at motel 6's across the USA. This motel 6 had comfortable beds too. Which is very important to us also.  We will stay again...
Rating: 3
Text: The room was small but big enough for what we needed.  We were on the east facing side so we could hear a lot of traffic, but the worst part was the room above us.  It sounded like the were walking in circles up there and stomping.  Not much noise insulation between the floor above and our ceiling.  Made it hard to get sleep for our 4:30am departure time to get to Omaha for a 9:30 appointment.

Hindsight being 20/20 I'd have paid more for a better nights sleep elsewhere.
Rating: 4
Text: Location is easy to find right off I80.  The room was clean and the air conditioning icy cold.  Love the semicircle shower.  I appreciate that Motel 6 allows pets to stay free.  The staff was friendly and helpful.
Rating: 5
Text: We had a good time at the motel.  We were travelling a long ways and when we got to the place we were able to get into the room very quickly, got a good night's sleep so that we could get going on our continued trip the next morning.  Very efficient, clean, and friendly!
Rating: 1
Text: Love Motel 6 because we can bring our dog with. We stayed at the one in NorthPlatte after driving for 8 hours. Great at check in, got room 109. So tired that when I took a shower I didn't see the used bar of soap till I was in there and when I looked at the shower it was pretty dirty looking.  Got out and there were no new toiletries to use. Beds were made but when sheets pulled back there were bugs in the bed!! The was a piece of paper with the name of who cleaned the room but I can not remember and I'm pretty sure no one double checked that workers work.  I felt seriously dirty just thinking of sleeping there. Talked to Lisa at front desk and she was lovely and very helpful. She put us in room 115.  She had me check the room first and it actually smelled like cleaning products. We took it and thanked her for her help.  Once in new room, there were still ants in room on the floor and there was a bug in one bed but I squashed it because I was too tired to care anymore.  We did get a comp to use in the next year, but I don't think we will use it.
