Motel 6 Lebanon In
Rating: 5
Text: We travel stay at alot motels I can honestly say this motel 6 is one of the cleanest. An it was very nice. Clean in hallways if there was any burn holes in blankets I didn't see them. I would definitely stay again and would recommend. Also nice towels not the thin ones and not the small ones.
Rating: 4
Text: The recently renovated rooms are clean and comfy. The bottom floor is all pet friendly rooms. There is no elevator, so if you can't climb stairs make sure to request a first floor room. It room had two double beds and a half table with two chairs. The floors were laminate, so beware of spills. Our family of 5 (including an infant) for but we were snug.
Rating: 4
Text: Night staff friendly... Morning staff ok, I asked for washcloths, because there was only one in my and he became confused when I stated I needed more than an additional 2 as there were 4 guest in my room.  Room could use a deep cleaning. Great Price and perfect location
Rating: 4
Text: Went out of state with family, the Motel 6 we stayed at had been recently renovated. Staff was very accommodating, they were able to move us to a first floor room to avoid trips up the stairs. Pet friendly rooms, very clean.
Rating: 1
Text: Checked in: 08/31/2017
Checked out: 09/01/2017
Motel 6--4947
I woke up and had what appears to be ring worm so I went to talk to the man at the front desk and he said they will have to check it out. I said what shall I do he said he did not know as they got to check it out. I ask how long and he said he had no idea. I then ask for corporate phone number and he tells me to call him that I don't need corporate's number. After arguing for a few minutes about not giving me the number he says here and yells the number at me I said hold on a second can I borrow a pen and he tells me "NO". OK I called back at 15:34 hrs today and I talk to the owner or manager, he stated they looked in the room and did not see anything. I then ask if he knew what ring worm was, which he did not. I then told him that it is a fungus that if someone that is infected with it and would like sit on the couch that was in that room or the bed comforter or even one of the chairs and then someone else came in contact with it, that is how its spread.  So all his solution is asking me not to call corporate and he would refund my card the money for the room. I am really not sure what type of people you let in your chain or the type of house cleaning rules you have for your motels but I want you to know that it sucks or they are not following them. I did witness them not taking the comforters off the beds; they were changing the sheets and reusing the comforter. I really hope this is an isolated event and all your motels are not ran like this one. Well my entire body is covered with this fungus now.
*just wanted to let everyone know that it is actually BED BUG BITES that I have all over my body*
The worst part about all of this I notified the owner and he is in complete denial. It has been three days and all he can say is they are checking into it. Then he tells me I am lair and he is going to charge my card way more now.
