Motel 6 Georgetown - Lexington North
Rating: 5
Text: Very comfortable! Liked the refrigerator and microwave in the room. My room was in a quiet location as requested. Felt very safe here. I had a friend staying at the Motel 6 in Lexington and had originally wanted to stay at the same Motel 6 ... I am SO glad I did not. The Georgetown Motel 6 was MUCH nicer and MUCH safer. Front desk staff really really nice and helpful. Would stay again. Very convenient for the Kentucky Horse Park.
Rating: 4
Text: The city of Lexington was sold out completely so I had to look outward and found Hotel 6. The room was nice and clean and had basic necessities. Although it was a little further out than I would have liked it suited out needs. The staff was very nice which definitely made up for the hotel as a whole from being a little dated. All in all I good experience.
Rating: 1
Text: Came here because we thought the reviews were alright and pictures looked decent. The receptionist at the desk was super sweet. However, when we walked into the hallway we immediately got struck with the smell of cigarettes...in the non smoking section!! The rooms were painted like the pictures, but smelled musty and there were spots on the bedspread. We didn't even feel comfortable bringing our things inside. Fortunately they were kind enough to refund us.
Rating: 4
Text: I chose Motel 6 because of the ad in one of the rest stop coupon magazines.  It stated new flooring, new bedding, etc,  My room was totally upgraded along with very comfortable beds and bedding.  Also, the hallway carpet has been replaced.  If I had to suggest one thing it would be rugs or runners along the beds.  obviously, for safety reasons they would have to be skid resistant.  All in all, comfortable stay at a budget motel.
Rating: 1
Text: The room had bugs,no screen in Windows,bathroom was DIRTY with mold on shower head and shower curtain,and dirty towels.
The covers had cigarette burns,pillows where filthy and the bed was too. 
The hallway smelled of heavy smoke.
Wish I had time to book ahead of my stay but no other hotel or motels where available.  I will never stay at this or any other motel 6.
Really need a refund.
P
