Motel 6 Cleveland Intl Airport - N Ridgeville
Rating: 5
Text: Easy to book, no hidden fees. Conveniently located by a local cafe where I got some great breakfast. No real complaints except the shower could be a little cleaner. But overall, I would come back.
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is ideal if you're like me, and you want an affordable place to sleep and shower. The rooms are tiny, but immaculate, and the bed was comfortable. The AC was noisy, but overall it was a good value. I wish there was a hotel like this in every town I visit.
Rating: 4
Text: I thought the room was nice overall. Though I will say who ever installed the flooring had no idea what they were doing. The bathroom was extremely small. There was old soap stuck in the shower and the molding around the floor was dirty. I like my bathrooms extremely clean.  The fan in the bathroom was also a bit loud so leaving the light on was out of the question. The room itself was large, but no table or dining area for more than one person. The heat fluctuated between the Arctic and the Sahara. Froze the first night. The pillows were little awful squares of fluff, but I survived. The main lobby was clean and the service was excellent. The parking lot was in need of attention, but really was the least of my concerns. Gas stations and restaurants nearby and very close to highway exit/on ramps. Overall, if you need a place to sleep cheaply it's fine. It's not one of the greatest motel 6's I've stayed in but it was friendly and clean enough.
Rating: 4
Text: Standard motel 6 quality. Room clean. Price affordable. Cheap solution if you drive car and tired.
Rating: 1
Text: Class discrimination at its finest!  The manager (bald Indian guy with glasses) refused to rent me a room because of how I was dressed, said there was no vacancy even though the parking lot was empty and clearly so were the rooms. If you want to shower, do laundry and sleep in a bed then don't show up in your dirty work clothes because apparently your money is no good... Don't give these people your hard earned money if you have to stay in the area go to the motel 6 on leavitt rd a few miles away they are much nicer 
