Motel 6 Omaha East - Council Bluffs
Rating: 2
Text: We booked this hotel with the impression that the use of the pool was included in the price.  Not so.  Nowhere did we find that the pool was out of commission,  including at the front desk at check-in.  Our kids were highly disappointed that the pool was locked out 24/7 and there was no access at any time, with a city issued work stoppage notice placed haphazardly on the door.  The shower spigot in the room was faulty, which made it extremely tough for our young daughter to take a bath.  Several of the key-carded doors from the outside do not work, bringing safety and security into question. This location is not the best area in town, so we were on-edge with some of the public seen outside and having access to the interior.
  The staff was friendly and the cleanliness of our room was very good, but the other factors will prevent me from recommending this facility, and possibly from using Motel 6 again.
Rating: 1
Text: I am completely disappointed! We booked our room on the way here...about an hour or so before arriving. They did not honor anything! It cost 25.00 more then we were told. I ask for a room for two with one bed and we got a double. I asked for non-smoking room and we got smoking. The only good about it was at least the room was very clean! Never come here again.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff was great. Very good customer service. They called our room after we checked in to make sure everything looked good and they refunded our money because my husband got sick and we had to leave early.  The rooms were very clean also. All in all was a good stay! Definitely will come back.
Rating: 3
Text: Older location that is showing it's age.  The room was adequate for an overnight stay, but I wouldn't stay longer.  It was very humid so that had an effect on the comfort of the room.  The air conditioner worked well and was very cold.  The bed was a bit soft on the side by the nightstand and the floor was clean but showing signs of needing replacement.  Sheets should have been scanned for hairs when the bed was made up.  I would like to see hotels replace their toilets with water saver models to conserve.
Rating: 1
Text: Never in my life will I ever stay at this Motel 6 again.  They only got the 1 star because I had to give them something.   My husband and I were just looking for a place to sleep for a few hours, nothing fancy.  We check in go to the room it had a smell.  The flooring was coming apart.  We could deal with it no big deal.   Wrong.   The walls were so thin we could hear conversations in other rooms as well as outside.   A few minutes later we hear banging on the doors next to us.  The cops are doing a drug bust.   People are jumping from the window...yes we heard it all.   I would have felt safer sleeping in my car.  No apologies from management or even acknowledged our first and last time of ever staying in a Motel 6.  Lesson learned don’t ever skimp on a motel room.
