Motel 6 Grove City Oh
Rating: 1
Text: We we're in room 135. We had one pillow and when asked for more we we're told no that they we're locked in the laundry area.  We had our 1yr old granddaughter with no acomadations for her.  No crib no nothing.  One blanket.  No middle soft blanket as in normal motels.  We will never stay here again.  Actually feel as if we should be refunded.  I absolutely do not recommend this motel
Rating: 2
Text: Needs a lot of work. Carpets are dirty. Beds are like 20 years old. Needs a deep cleaning. There was dog poop everywhere in the grass. Room smelled weird. I sanitized everything.
Rating: 4
Text: $75/night.  Lobby had an odd odor.  Lady at front desk was efficient and pleasant.  Check-in was quick.  Room had a slight sour odor, but appeared clean.  Paint was colorful and newer looking.  1"-1.5" gap between floor and door.  Heat and AC worked well.  Bed was firm and not saggy in any spot.  Flat screen LG TV worked and looked great.  Microwave and cold refrigerator worked fine.  Hardwood floor and tile only--no carpet.  (A beetle crawled across the floor as I was writing this.)  Water got hot very quickly and cold water did not have any significantly negative taste.  No continental breakfast, only coffee, but there are restaurants nearby.  Overall, I was surprised by the room considering it's a motel.
Rating: 4
Text: This motel is located right off the Interstate exit for easy access. Room was clean & modern and had Frig & Microwave.  A variety of both fast food or Dine in eating were located just down the street. Price was very reasonable with the Senior discount and the main reason I picked this Motel. This was a business trip and as an added bonus for me this Motel was less than a mile from where I had to go.  I will be staying at this Motel in the future.
Rating: 4
Text: Really clean rooms for a motel. Bathroom was really small and slightly moldy around the tub. But over all it was really neat and the cleaning crew did well coming in each day and made the beds and such.
