Motel 6 Elizabethtown
Rating: 3
Text: If you need a place to rest your head and a shower, this is your place. Rooms are small, but serviceable. If sharing a room, be prepared to negotiate your space. And bring your own pillows, theirs suck! TVs are new and nice. Uh, front desk friendly. They'll leave lights on!
Rating: 2
Text: I understand it was a cheap motel.  I don't expect a Hilton for a motel like this.  But, we went through three rooms.  Our request was simply a non-smoking room.

The first we got was full of smoke.  Absolutely horrible.
The second was not cleaned.  The floors were muddy, there was trash everywhere yet your late night manager gave that room to us.
The third didn't smell smokey, but when we finally went to sleep, the sheets were full of smoke.  We were already turning in at this point and just lived with it, but no one slept well.

Again, I would have been ok with the room if you could have gotten the smoke out.  I shouldn't have to smell smoke in my sheets.

I talked to the manager on the morning of Tuesday, November 7th.  Her basic statement was it was what it is.  She said she cannot fine people for smoking in non-smoking rooms, per company policy.  She had nothing to say on the second room that wasn't cleaned.  In the end, it was what it was and sent us on our way.

If she's right on your company policy on smoking in non-smoking rooms, you need to change that.  You will continue to have this, I believe, if there is no penalty.  Have someone initial that they will be fine $200 for smoking in a non-smoking room.  Start fining when they do.  They'll stop.
Rating: 5
Text: Have stayed at the E Town Motel 6 whenever I am in that area. It has been recently remodeled and the rooms are the best value in freeway travel. You certainly do not get all of the amenities that are found in the more expensive options but if you simply want a place to get a good nights sleep at an excellent value this is the place. Stay at the E Town Motel 6 and spend your savings on a nice dinner at one of the many great nearby restaurants.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean and comfortable for the money.  Motel 6 standard room, which is good. Not spectacular but hey its only 65$. The heater worked better than I thought it would.  There's no shampoo and my door key quit working but the bed was very comfortable and clean as was the whole room.
Rating: 3
Text: I love that the floors are not carpeted. They are pet friendly. Small room, but I did not book it an do not know if there are bigger rooms. No amenities in the room:  coffee pot, hair dryer, microwave, or fridge
