Motel 6 Terre Haute In
Rating: 3
Text: The room was clean and the bed coverings were clean which is not always the case. The front desk clerk that checked me in was very nice and helpful.  As for the negatives there was no hot water in the sink but scalding hot water in the shower which I found very odd. I always stay at Motel 6 if I can but often times find that there is such discrepancy between the motels. While I understand they are independently owned I would think that as a chain you would want to establish and maintain quality standards across the properties.
Rating: 5
Text: Looked nice, smelled awesome n the room unlike the circle inn not far from here. ...thank u for a good night sleep. .. I just did a 15 hour drive. . 10 more hours to go
Rating: 1
Text: Very unsatisfactory roaches extreme amount company not using a quality pest control company having retired from Pest Control it was very unacceptable that amount of roaches throughout the facility housekeeping had no interest in keeping their rooms clean management has gone down 100% since our visit the year before the franchisees they have no interest no understanding of American culture very poor I have contacted my credit card companies American Express in particular to take action to get my money back I find that the majority of franchised Motel 6 facilities are not up to the standard that the corporate facilities are both in understanding the customer and providing Services I believe that at this point Motel 6 is more interested in their bottom line then their reputation  I have been at this facility because the majority of the time when we travel from events the events we look first to Motel 6 for facilities to stay at I would not stay again at this facility and I plan on putting it in different ratings corporate facilities have always been an excellent you need to understand that so I'm only judging franchise facilities I would only recommend your corporate facilities has the quality has decreased by the culture that the franchisees come out of you need to take time to explain the policies in the form at the Motel 6 has represented for many many years
Rating: 2
Text: This motel needs a complete remodel. It is old and showing its age. Bathroom did not even have a functioning light in it. My room was reasonably clean but had a musty smell. They need NEW TOWELS and PILLOWS!  Shame on me for assuming there would be WiFi. Who doesn't? Microwave and refrigerator in the room worked well. No in room coffee. Very good air conditioner but no blanket on the bed.
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed here for a month.  Besides the fact that the motel is old and needs many repairs the stay was at least 2 stars.  Towards the end I started seeing a lot of bugs including the bed bug on my mattress by my pillow as I was laying down to sleep.  When I went to the office he told me 1 more night and the bug guy would be there.  He would not give me another room until I threatened to call the county.  He then kicked us out.  We went to the Days Inn which they also own and he called and had us kicked out of there also. NO MORE MOTEL 6 EVER.
