Motel 6 St Robert MO
Rating: 1
Text: Hotel was under renovations which was not told.to us. All rooms except for a few were closed. Tv did not work until manager.came to fix it. Toilet not bolted to floor and wobbly. No shampoo, or soap in room. No table to eat on. Pictures on website are not the same hotel. Will not stay at motel 6 again.
Rating: 5
Text: We arrived a day earlier than expected. Upon entering the lobby, we were greeted by a very friendly employee who was more than happy to accommodate us by extending our stay for our son's Basic Combat Training graduation. The room was clean and adequately stocked with linens as well as toiletries. 
   Although this is not a "luxury" hotel, we were quite pleased with our stay overall. The staff was friendly and professional.
Rating: 1
Text: Very loud altercation right outside our room just after midnight, involving money  and "quality" of a transaction. I called the desk, was told he would take care of it. It finally quieted down, but started up again at 2:30 am. More yelling again at 6:30 am. We got almost no sleep. Noticed that the security chain on the inside of the door was broken. Asked for a refund on checking out, was told the manager was not available. Would not recommend anyone staying here, especially with children. Motel 6 seems to be going downhill fast.
Rating: 2
Text: Site description clearly lists Continental breakfast which they don't provide. Cigarette stains and burns on bathtub and comforter in Non-smoking room. Can see new paint and attempt to improve.
Rating: 3
Text: While the staff was very kind, helpful and caring, the room wasn't up to Motel 6 standards. Renovations going on, but shouldn't have been occupied. Drain in tub very slow, one bedside light missing switch so not functional, lacking a beadspread, top of blanket soiled. Rest of room clean with normal accommodations.  Extras were a microwave and mini fridge, hair dryer and an iron with ironing board. Appreciated those. But convenient location. Would try them another time as the transformation to Motel 6 is complete.
