MotorCity Casino Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: I loved staying here! The hotel, valet, casino and restaurant staff are all exceptionally great. The hotel was very clean, great condition, and our room even got upgraded for no cost, just because they could. The room was amazing. Best hotel I gave ever stayed in. Everything was comfortable, the shades made me have a great night sleep, and there was 24 room service. Already made another reservation to stay here on my next Detroit trip.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel and amenities are appropriate and on par with similar properties. We enjoy the two level casino but spend more time on the lower level. Seems less crowded and noisy than above. Slot odds seem fair and the promos are the best in the city
Rating: 1
Text: i was at the casino one night. i had a 99 $ room. so i understand its not the sweet. but still..  i wanted to rest and folded back the sheets.  only to find what may have been a lung cookie .. im not sure.. it was hard to the touch dark in color... i called the front desk and they send some one to change the sheets.. I'm sorry i should of taken my 99 $ and stayed at a red roof and been treated better.
Rating: 5
Text: We come every year from Toronto Canada, we love MotorCity Casino Hotel. The service and staff are excellent and professional. The restaurants and facilities at the hotel/casino are top notch. Our family includes our 4 children so the hotel is appropriate also for our children. They love all the different food choices (Little Caesars, Grand River deli and burgers). Us adults also enjoy the Iridescence 4 star diamond rated restaurant and their Assembly line buffet. My husband and I as well as my mother love to relax in their huge 13,000 square foot spa this is our time away from the children. 

We stay at this Hotel for all of our Detroit festivals such as the Jazz festival on labor Day weekend and Woodward Dream Cruise Event in the summer. Congrats to the New Little Caesars arena opening and Kid Rock playing in his own home town!  We look forward to many more years coming to Detroit and enjoying our wonderful stay at MotorCity Casino Hotel. Its now our family tradition!  Thanks MotorCity, for great memories for our family!
Rating: 4
Text: I love staying at the Motor city  hotel.   The other problem I am having at the time is I get my free room card and I called the next day  and all rooms were gone.  I come there  often.   I am handicapped  and enjoy your  free room  so I can rest and go back down later to the casino and play more.  My husband's  free night came the following day in the mail.  We again tried calling but  still no rooms.  That was his first free room so he is  very disappointed.   Why do you wait to send out the  cards.  They said we can call everyday in the morning but so far no cancellation.   How do u know in advance if you are going to get a free room?  Thank you.  Also, my other problem I am having is the bathroom  only has one handicapped stall.  It is almost impossible to get the use of it.  Non handicapped people are always using it.    I know when the attendant is there I have a better chance of using the one toilet.  My favorite Casino is Motor City.   I hope you can help with  my response.   Patricia Sarna.
