Mountain Laurel Lake
Rating: 4
Text: The cabins are great! Very clean and well kept. They have both perfect cabins for get aways as well as family fun on the lake. The only drawback is I swear there are no fish in the lake! We spoke to them about restocking the lake and while they said they did, its hard to believe. We fish very very often and there are other lakes where you at least get bites for some level of excitement. Id give it a 5 if they actually stocked it with fish.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful Family Estate! :)
Rating: 5
Text: I've visited here 3 times and every time has  been amazing! My families best camping spot.
Rating: 5
Text: The most peaceful place in the world.  We have been here many times, will continue to bring our family and grandbabies.  These cabins are all very beautiful. The owner's are the best.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I were looking for a nice, quiet getaway for our 28th wedding anniversary. We used to stay at Otter Creek Park in Brandenburg, but they stopped cabin rentals about 7 or 8 years ago. We saw an advertisement for Mountain Laurel Lake during a local newscast and it looked like exactly what we were looking for. We were not disappointed. 
We stayed in the Dogwood cabin for a five day getaway July 15-19, and it was just pure perfection. What a beautiful lake and surroundings.  We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Very quiet and relaxing. There were other people staying there, but everyone was quiet and respectful of each other.  Usually in settings such as this you will have rednecks or a rowdy bunch of people who want to party all night. 
There are a few trails to hike on and we had a small boat for our own private use. The cabin was clean and very nice. There were 2 bedrooms, a loft, a room with a very nice hot tub and a fully functional kitchen. The deck was very nice also.  There was a tv, but it only received a few channels. That was ok since we weren't there to watch tv. Also I had no phone service. BEAUTIFUL!! My phone did not ring once. No aggravations from emails, texts, work, our kids or anyone from anywhere!! 
We traveled to Glendale to eat at the famous Whistle Stop restaurant. Excellent restaurant. 
All other meals we cooked on the grill. We're not big into fishing, but if you are, this would be a great place to go. We saw many catfish as well as other fish in the lake. 
We would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves quiet, outdoors, fishing, camping and hiking. We will definitely return to this sweet spot for another getaway, hopefully this fall. 
The only complaint I would have, is the road in and out and around the lake. The road is only big enough for one car. I think the road going in should be widened to accommodate 2 vehicles and the road around the lake should be one way as to avoid 2 vehicles on the road at once because I don't think that 2 vehicles could pass safely. Otherwise this was one of the best vacations my wife and I have been on in the last 28 years!! Mr. And Mrs. Mattingly (the owners)were very nice and helpful. Thank you for such a beautiful, peaceful place for a getaway. Hope to see you again soon.
