Mt. Crescent Ski Area
Rating: 1
Text: AWFUL SERVICE! DO NOT MAKE PLANS HERE! We had specifically come into town to spend a day with family who also drove several hours and taken the day off of work. The ski lessons that had been paid for and confirmed several times, including a couple of days prior, was canceled by email at 9p the night before we were supposed to meet in the morning for lessons. We had already driven to Omaha and paid for a hotel. AND THEN THE MANAGER YELLED AT MY WIFE WHEN SHE CALLED ASKING FOR AN EXPLANATION REGARDING THE CANCELLATION. The cancellation was not due to weather or any unforeseeable circumstance...just poor planning on Mt. Crescent's part. We will never EVER go to or recommend this area. Terrible experience.
Rating: 3
Text: The experience was great for our group.  We arrived at 10:30. Our group had 2 zip lines apiece . By the time we were done it was 2:00. This place was Understaffed big-time . Tyler running the front desk Was very nice and friendly . And we're sorry to hear that hes gonna be leaving you guys in 2 weeks he is a very friendly person to have on your staff . He was the only staff that was very friendly trying to make everybody understand the shortness of the staff . The zip-line was great for a group they loved it . I think the worst thing was is when you go on line and you pre schedule and find out that walk-ins are going in before you. And there wasn't any T shirts For you saying that you survived the zipline .
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible experience. Purchased 2 zip lining tickets from groupon.  The mt crescent website will not allow us to place reservation using groupon codes, says they aren't valid. The website has the wrong info about times, hours of operation etc. I called multiple times, no one ever answers. Their voicemail gives inaccurate info, and mailbox is full, so you cant leave a message. I sent an email, no reply. So we drove out there, according to hours listed on website AND voicemail. They told us they changed their hours. So we came back  a week later when they told us to. Not to mention we live 35 minutes away.  Now they are saying they changed hours again. They said we have to refund though groupon and groupon is refusing our refund. So overall I wouldn't even give this place 1 star.
Rating: 4
Text: Enjoyed my time there.  Great place to learn how to ski and board.  Only wish it had longer hours.  Staff was friendly and courteous.  Food was decent and the beer was cold!  I would recommend to my friends for sure!  I bought a season pass.  It's not the Rockies, but I can get my ski fix when i want
Rating: 4
Text: We did the zipline and had a blast. I wish we rode to the top of the hill in the ski lift instead of the truck.
