Mudline Lodging LLC
Rating: 5
Text: A convenient location, friendly people, and pretty country. 
Rating: 5
Text: I have stayed at Mudline Lodging on several occasions. I have enjoyed my time there, a wonderful fully equipped cabin, and hook-up's for campers. It is in a beautiful area, close to hunting an fishing spot's in Southern Illinois. If you love the outdoors its a great place to stay. It's also close to the Southern Illinois Wine Trail and several Micro Breweries.

The cabin is very nice inside and out, large bathroom, a nice kitchen area, cold A/C and great heat. Also has TV with DVD player and satellite. The front porch is great for watching sunrise an sunset's, and enjoy a cup of coffee. Everything you need is here, pots and pans, Micro wave, coffee pot, dishes, also a grill and a firepit, to enjoy during your stay.   So for a nice quiet weekend or extended stay, Mudline Lodging is the place to stay
Rating: 5
Text: We've had several "Sisters" weekends and family get-togethers at Mudline Lodging. We've also had friends & family from out of the area stay at Mudline Lodging when they were in the area for SIU-C Graduation, Apple Festival, family reunions and other events. (Including a friend from Australia!!!) It has been a great location, close enough to everything we want to do, far enough out of town that it is totally quiet & peaceful. The sunrises & sunsets are beautiful. I always love the evening when the stars come out, you're far enough away from nearby towns that you can see million of stars. It's especially beautiful when the fireflies come out in the fields that the cabin overlooks.  It's like thousands of stars have fallen from the sky and are flickering on the ground! We always spend our evenings sitting around the camp fire, really enjoying the solitude. It's so much nicer than being in a large camp ground where you have to worry about neighbors getting too rowdy.

The cabin is well equipped. Everything you need is provided: pots and pans, micro-wave, coffee pot, dishes, a grill and a firepit, to enjoy during your stay. Both the air conditioning & the heating system work great so you are always comfortable. Plenty of hot water for showers and the beds are comfortable. It's really nice that there are camping spaces with full hook-ups for travel trailers available, as this allows you to have larger groups stay together. 

The owners of Mudline Lodging are so nice and they do everything they can to make your stay enjoyable. One thing I appreciate is the notebook with local points of interests: including wine trails, micro-breweries, hunting & fishing areas. I especially like the map of the local lake that covers the kitchen counter. 

I highly recommend Mudline Lodging for families, families with small children, ages 55+, girls weekend get-a-ways, hunters & fishermen. 

Peace, Love & Joy,
Joyce
Rating: 5
Text: Great location!
