My Old Kentucky Home Campground
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed here seven nights. The campground is in a great location close to downtown Bardstown, several distilleries, and shopping. While this is an older campground, it is well-maintained and clean. The downside (and it is a significant negative) is the golf course that adjoins the campground. The grounds crew is out most mornings by 7:00 with leaf blowers, tractors, and other power equipment. Sleeping late is nearly impossible. It is not just in the morning though because the crews often work throughout the day.  In summary, this is a nice campground in a convenient location; but, it is not a quiet and relaxing environment.
Rating: 3
Text: Small lots,small road most lots aren't big rig friendly and most are 4-6 inches off level so bring at least that thick to level your rig! Real shady lots (no solar)and most sites require at least 20 foot for hookups some more than that! super friendly staff 
Rating: 3
Text: 3 stars only because of how friendly everybody was.  The staff was super and tried to find a better spot suitable for my rig.  The adjacent golf course and grounds are beautiful.  This place isn't what I would consider big rig friendly.  There are some level sites but I didn't get one.  They did offer 4 more but none were deep enough for my RV.  Do know how to maneuver your rig.  The street is small and not for someone that doesn't know how to back their rig.
Rating: 1
Text: The site that I had was dead. By that I mean that the only thing growing at the site was moss. The picnic table and fire ring was on the wrong side of the camper. Thus making it so my camper door faced the adjoining campers door, just a few feet away. There are no handicap stalls in the restroom or shower areas. No hiking trails. Pretty much nothing to do at all unless you play golf, witch I don't. The guard shack was empty and the pro shop was of no help. Half of the park is closed and has been for a year that I know of. My up most least favorite thing was the fact that I had to watch how I parked because if I didn't pay close enough attention I would park on my water supply hose, which ran across my parking area along with my extension cord. Oh I almost forgot to warn you about the flying golf balls. Do not park on the outer loop of the campground or your camper and car will get hit by them.
Rating: 4
Text: For Tent Camping, Go Primitive! We have a 20 x 10 tent and none of the sites with electric would accomodate it well.  Beware the shower water pressure and temperature changes drastically!  They are reasonably clean and well stocked.  The staff hsve been AWESOME!  The groundskeepers start work around 6am, so be prepared for lots of gator like vehicles making noise early.  
