Nauvoo Family Inn & Suites
Rating: 5
Text: We have stayed here twice.  We had a family reunion and all 30 of us stayed and each family had their own unit. The children loved it and were so happy...thus the adults were content.  It is clean and modern with every comfort of home.  We stayed several days and loved it. The staff was very helpful. We will stay there again
Rating: 4
Text: 27 of us stayed 5 nights in Nauvoo Family Inn and Suites during the busy July Pageant Seasons.  We had a great time!  The Inn is charming and decorated with beautiful paintings.  Our rooms and family suites were clean and neat.  Staff was very polite and responded to our request in a very timely manner.  We did not expect Nauvoo to be sooooo very hot. It was so refreshing to return to our cool rooms and go for a  cool swim in the pool. We were so glad we had kitchens to prepare our meals, as there is no continental breakfast and few food options. This was the perfect place for our family, so family friendly! If you're looking for a great family vacation Nauvoo is the place and Nauvoo Family Inn and Suites is the place to stay!
Rating: 1
Text: This is a poor excuse of a hotel. There is absolutely no housekeeping whatsoever. The floors feel filthy and the beds and linens are Old and worn. Absolutely no housekeeping was done other than dropping off towels sometimes. It is very dated, Which is not unacceptable, if the rooms were clean and well-maintained. Our garbage was never emptied. Our beds were never made during a three day visit. I will never stay here again. The only thing it has going for it is it is convenient to both old town and New town Nauvoo. It needs more than TLC. It needs integrity. 
Rating: 5
Text: Very good Hotel! Excellent customer service with reservations, room etc.  however 
Breakfast at restaurant 2/10. They closed at 1000 we got there at 0920 eggs,biscuits,bacon old. No pancakes or waffles not worth 10.00 per person.  Hope it is better next time. 
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful staff. Room clean and comfortable. Close to Nauvoo temple.
