Nest Extended Stay Motel - Cherryvale
Rating: 1
Text: I would not recommend this motel! And if you have to stay there, I would not leave anything valuable for security reasons, I would bring your own bedding, bring your own towels, and arrived early to make sure no one takes your room. 

There is not an actual person on-site to attend to the rooms. When you check in you have to call and get a code to unlock your doors, HOWEVER the codes are not different enough and if you have more than one room, you can easily figure out all of the codes and gain access to all the rooms on site. When I arrived, someone had figured out the code to the room I was supposed to be in and decided they would stay there instead of the room they were given because mine was larger. When I called the manager to ask about it, they tried to call the people who took the rooms to sort it out, but they didn't answer. So instead of coming over and taking care of the situation, I had to wait to find out if I even had a room despite having booked mine 11 months in advance. I didn't hear back from the office until after 10:00 pm that night. By this time, I had already resolved the issue with the people myself and was able to stay in the room. The manager did tell me they went over and changed the sheets and towel once I made them aware of this at 10:30pm, but they left the trash in the trash cans. Also, they had only left two towels for my entire family and the sheets had little specks of dirt all over them. (My family who stayed in other rooms also had issues with dirty sheets and no towels and also there is no extra bedding for the futons.) I ended up purchasing towels from the store across the street instead. 

The one positive thing I will say is that the staff was very nice to talk to. However, in the end, they were not helpful in resolving the dilemma I had and after all of the drama I went through just to get the room that I had booked, being nice just wasn't enough. I basically got charged full price to spend 6 hours of my day trying to get a room that would fit me and my kids, that ended up having dirty sheets and not enough towels.
Rating: 2
Text: Over priced and there was a leak that caused a large hole in the wall. The house was very chopped up funky layout and all the floors slope
Rating: 1
Text: worst experience ever at a hotel. Room advertised to sleep 6.  Had a hand towel and washcloth.  It was 106 degrees and worked all day preparing for wedding and wanted a shower but no towels.  Mixed up reservations made 9 months in advance, giving room to wrong party.  Rooms not clean, and no bedding was provided for futons advertised.
Rating: 2
Text: Its was kinda dark and dirty. Most the light bulbs didn't work. There were also cobwebs around the top of the ceiling. 
Rating: 4
Text: I wish they would fix it up
