New Sunflower Inn & Suites
Rating: 4
Text: For the price this place is incredible.   I travel all over the country I stay in nice expensive places when my wife is with me and I try to stay in clean cheap places when she is not. 

 I wish there was one of these in every city and town I go to.    It does not have all the amenities of a five-star  Hotel but this is definitely a five star at the price point.
Rating: 2
Text: I can't stand it when some of these motels advertised as having "free Wi-Fi ". If they are gonna offer it, at least make sure it works. Wi-Fi availability was one of the main reason why I chose to stay here. The other reason because it is pet friendly and charges only $10 for a night. 

Rating: 1
Text: I'm in town for a funeral. Went to check in and the first receipt I signed was for $50. He charged me $63. I gave him $65 and waited for my change. He then gave me my recipt and I noticed the discrepancy. He then took my receipt out of my hands and told me that was for him, and asked if I wanted a copy. I said yes. The one he printed out was for $63. After I put the receipt away I was still waiting for my change. He told me that he already gave it to me, I told him me and I opened my wallet to check I had $23 in cash that I had before. He tried to say the $3 was what he gave me and he needed a dollar back. I said no, you never gave me my change. He said he did. I never got my change. When I got to the room it smelled horrible. Some towns were red like they had blood on it. I found dead bugs and spiders in the other towels. I finally went to sleep. Woke up at 5 am to a wake up call I didn't ask for. Then another 15 minutes later. I will NEVER stay here again. He cheated me out of money and gave me 2 wake up calls I really didnt need.
Rating: 3
Text: Room was very large with two queen beds, bathroom, sofa, table?, desk and kitchenette. An odd mixture of new and outdated furnishings. Beds were comfortable enough and room felt clean enough. Bathroom could use a deep clean and there was a dirty towel left behind. The staff members were very personable. Continental breakfast was compromised mostly of an assortment of carbs, some bananas, milk, juice and coffee.
Rating: 1
Text: 2017 Update.
Nothing new - still the worst place I've ever seen.

Showed us 3 rooms.
First was falling apart, smelled moldy and fire alarm hanging from ceiling.
Second smelled of urine and dogs and had no working lights.
Third was musty and smelled as if it had not been cleaned.

Unless you are deparate don't stay here.

We hat to pay for room before we could see it and then had a heck of a time getting a refund. Only to find out it was only part of the total we'd paid.

2014
My family and I stayed at the Sunflower Inn & Suites over the Christmas holiday. 

Upon arriving there were issue with our reservation. It had been made over the phone by a family member who live in Garden City.  The desk clerk found what he thought was our reservation and started to check us in.  As he was doing so he kept switching rooms, room types and locations.  He went through 3 rooms before he settled on one, only to see that it wasn’t our reservation.  So we started over, he found a room, checked us in and then demanded that the family (76 years of age) member who made the reservation bring their ID and Credit Card to pay for the room, nearly 9pm and a temperature of 18f.  

After the check in process, arrangements for the family member to show up and ID’s scanned, we were finally given our key cards.  The room was normal size for an inn of that age. It was just a BLAH room. Water damage on the ceiling, curtains that didn’t stay closed, furniture was 1980’s if best. TV was a CRT/Tube TV. There was Wi-FI.

The bathroom was one of the worst problems and biggest issues.  No hot water, no water pressure, holes in the shower where a shower bar had been rigged up.  The water that did come out of the tap was dirty and had flakes of rust.  The door could not be opened without hitting the toilet. A bathroom at a rustic campground rates above this one.  The next morning tried the water again, still no pressure and no hot water.  

I went to the front desk, asked for a different room and was told that housekeeping would come look at the problem.  I had to demand a different room and even then I felt it was only given because I wasn’t accepting no for an answer.  

The new room was more of a suite. Couch, desk, table, end table, vanity and bathroom, again all from the 1980’s.  Ceiling still had water damage, wall damage had been patched but had not repainted or properly repaired.  The couch and chairs had stains and looked like baby powder had been sprinkled upon them. The telephone kept blinking that there were messages, even upon contacting the desk, it would not stop and was very annoying at night.

Water pressure was normal, hot water was still an issue. Took nearly 10 minutes to get the hot water to flow from the taps and then the water was so hot it would burn you.  In the shower the water temperature was not able to be regulated. If someone in the other suites used the cold or hot water, you’d better be quick. You’d either get burnt or froze out of the shower.

We were able to park our car right in front of our room, but there was not an easy way to turn around or exit the area, as it was a dead end. 

The complimentary continental breakfast consisted of pre-packaged rolls, pastries, eggo waffles, a loaf of white bread, orange juice, apple juice, milk from a jug, that was stored in a mini fridge at the end of a counter, coffee and cereal.  The containers that the cereal were stored in had not been clean in weeks if not months.  The sugary cereals had caked on the dispenser handle and were crusty.

It was a disappointing stay. The price was also very high considering the quality and service. $74 per night with fees and taxes.

I would recommend anyone going to the Garden City area, to look for one of the chain motels or hotels and bypass the New Sunflower Inn and Suites.
