New Relax Inn
Rating: 1
Text: Only gave a star because I had to! This motel is the worse I have ever stayed at. First of all, me and my wife get there to rent a room and the lady checking us in was very rude. Attitude the whole time. Then I have my two kids with us (they were not staying with us. Just came for the ride.) they had to use the washroom. So my wife takes them upstairs to our room to use before they leave. I sit in the car. As soon as she gets in the room, the front desk lady keeps calling the room. My wife politely answer the phone and the lady begins screaming at her that my wife only said two people and that my kids had to leave now! My wife nicely said that there was only going to be two people and that my kids had to use the washroom and then they are leaving. She begins screaming again "they have to leave now!". So my kids leave to go stay with my two older children (more on that later). When we come back as soon as I walk in the room I am hit with the smell of cigarette smoke (even though we paid extra for a non-smoking room. There was even a ash tray on the table. I was so tired that I just forgot about it and went to bed. The next morning the same lady calls 15 minutes before check out time saying that it's already check out time and that we have to leave. I will NEVER stay at this place ever again! She didn't even say goodbye or anything when we turned in the key. She just gave us a dirty look. My two older kids were on their way to rent two more rooms when I called them and told them how she was acting during check in. They decided to stay somewhere else. I stayed only because I paid for the room already. They are very rude and ignorant here. My family and I will never stay in this place again. I will also make sure to tell all my family and friends not to go here. I have a lot of family and friends who come into town and look for places to stay in this neighborhood because we have family living close by and this motel is right next to one of our favorite restaurants. I guess we will have to take our business a couple miles down the road.
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing hotel with great staff. One draw back is the room I'm in is small but for two adults it is an amazing place to stay if your visiting the Chicago area. Quick access to toll road. Several dining options near location.
Rating: 1
Text: Do not stay here! I showed up and the TV in my room was broken and every attempt I made to alert the staff no one answered and when I checked out I let them know the TV was broken but tbey did not believe me and tries to blame me and then told me they were charging me for it. So unless you want to pay for something somebody else broke, stay anywhere but here. I feel like I was set up to pay for a poor staff workers mistake of not properly checking the room before I checked in. So thabks for nothing yoy sleazy cheating liars!
Rating: 5
Text: Great rooms, with free air-conditioning, free WiFi, and a large parking lot the area is perfectm. Restaurant next door, Toyota Park walking distance perfect destination for anyone, if they want to go to Toyota Park or just stay there for fun, privacy, or as a weekly stay.
Rating: 3
Text: with a less than ten minute walk to Toyota park, can't really get any closer. rooms just ok-there's a bed to crash on,  smoking rooms available- fenced lot with a Mexican rest. right next door
