Norfolk Lodge & Suites, An Ascend Hotel Collection Member
Rating: 5
Text: Lovely facility.  Friendly, helpful desk clerk and staff.  Clean comfortable rooms.  Wonderful full hot breakfast.  Very nice, large indoor swimming pool and a great hot tub for up to
11 people capacity.  Outdoor miniature golf on the grounds.  My wife and I have come here several times and each time has been very fine, in my opinion.
Rating: 5
Text: It was a beautiful place. Our room was large, very clean, and comfortable. We had a microwave, a coffee maker, and a fridge, as well as a roomy desk and several comfortable chairs. Their breakfast was unbeatable, my only wish was that the coffee had flavored creamer as well as plain. The lodge has a miniature golf course on grounds, and it was surprisingly challenging. A lot of water hazards, but very reasonably priced. Parking was not difficult, even with our large van. All the staff we met were very friendly and personable, more than helpful. If I am ever in the area again, I would definitely seek this hotel out again.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel rates "extremely" reasonable, this hotel makes you feel like you should be paying more for accommodations as soon as you walk in the front door ! Great room, large indoor pool, Volley ball courts, Mini Golf, family activities for all ages. Wonderful restaurant & lounge,come as you are. Staff was very polite, helpful. Norfolk Lodge and Suites in on Hwy 275, past the hospital. DON'T CONFUSE THIS HOTEL WITH THE NORFOLK COUNTY INN ON HWY 13.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is beautiful, clean and cozy.
 2 restaurants.   We went to the restaurant at 8:45 pm  and the hostess said they stopped serving good.  We decided to sit at the bar for a drink, bartender said, it will be a long time before he could pour us a drink, as they are super busy.
 Hotel super.  I would go to a local restaurant instead of being "turned away"  from everyone at the restaurant.
Mino golf on site looked great!!
Front desk last was super friendly and checked us in fast. ( our 16 yr anniversary) 
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed one night at the lodge. The kids loved the pool. Breakfast was above par for the normal Continental breakfast. We ordered roomservice and it was great, but the wait was way too long.
