NRO Canoe Rental & Campground
Rating: 4
Text: Staff was friendly. The prices could be a little cheaper. We went floating on a Friday. The bus ride down to the river was very rough though. They need to be a little more careful! 
Rating: 1
Text: Rude worker, very dirty. We parked the car in the wrong spot on the workers cussed us out and was threatening to fight my father. Very Immature. There is beer cans everywhere. There was couples making out and touching each other in not appropriate ways. Not family friendly, very nasty and workers are immature. Never will go back. Definitely recommend, Hidden Valley or Bennet Springs.
Rating: 1
Text: Be aware, if you prepay for your canoes. Make sure all your people are there. If they are not. You will not get a refund for the canoes not used.
Rating: 3
Text: The atmosphere can be pretty adult at times, but overall an okay campground for whatever your needs be.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst Float Trip Ever Just Now
Just now got back from this place and I have agree with both sides of the positive and negative reviews. I didn't know any better and my gf's friend reserved our spot. We are in our 30's now with 4 kids so was looking for a place to rest and relax for our stressful day jobs and have a couple of awesome nights without the kiddos...Where we ended up, was by far scenes from 'Animal House' with Jim Belushi. There where giant tents up with alcohol games, giant strobe lights, trash everywhere, and drunk people stumbling all over. 15 years ago, that might've been fun but to me now, it smacked straight as disrespect to the river, the land, & hell, even the other creatures that roam about. Saw 3 people trying to chase around and capture a small otter pup of some sort... Crazy thing was, it was a frat party for all generations as there underage drinking going on, college parties, & people older than me, all screaming until 3 am. We were running late as usual, due to getting the kids off to relatives, and did not arrive until it was dark. As soon as you pull up, you see a small strip of RV/Camper area that looks peaceful and serene. But from after that, we pulled up to the office and its a rock concert festival there and all the way after. The next day, I noticed they all had a 'small' nook opposite of the RV/Camper area for a 'family' campout. This whole campground derives much of their profits from the drunk & disorderly people. Saw fights on the river, and arguments in the campgrounds. The roads leading to campgrounds were horrendous. There is little doubt, that our car now needs a front end alignment or totally alignment of some sort. Medium-sized, 4-door standard car like many others. At one point today, an officer pulled around us to get past, then we actually met him again at the canoe rental area, and he came to my window, laughed, said sorry for passing him but he was afraid his own car would break down on that mutilated road.. Trash in the rivers can't be blamed on just NRO tho and other complaints for the river-parts. There are other campgrounds too but I did notice as we drove to a couple of stores for supplies, that these other grounds appeared less crowded. We were packed in like Sardines on however much acreage. I would guestimate our 4 were jammed into a party of about 500+. Staff either seemed indifferent, found it comical, or didn't care. We reserved 2 canoes and my gf and I wanted to go on the short 7 mile trip later in the afternoon while her friend & bf went on the 14 mile early in the morning.. Since silly friend volunteered to reserve our spots, she did so only under name, we were given only one canoe pass and could not get another for us without a new separate reservation and cost. Suffice it to say, horrible place, horrible vacation, not only is the family-oriented idea a facade, it's a ploy. They stuck us so far out in the woods, but I am surprised those in the big, shiny campers still did not hear Woodstock coming up from the back this past weekend. This place is only for underage drinking & college frat parties, who tear up and pollute the land and river around it
