O'Hare Inn and Suites
Rating: 5
Text: Good service. Great shuttle drivers really friendly to talk with.  Location is super close to O'Hare.  If you need to get to the blue line to reach downtown the shuttle can drop you off at the airport, there is a direct link to the blue line inside O'Hare itself.  Would definitely stay here again if I end up in Chicago again, perfect for short stays.
Rating: 1
Text: Asked for 1st floor because we had to sort through a lot of stuff from our car and arrange it in luggage to be ready in three hours to head to airport and there were no elevators.  It was the middle of the night so we were relieved when the attendant said yes, we have a 1st floor room for you as we were very tired. After paying, we went to room and learn that it is on second floor.  We go back and ask again, and he says that what he gave us was a first floor room and that the rooms on the ground were ground floor rooms, but that they aren't available.  Very frustrated and disappointed. Do not recommend . . . not trustworthy.
Rating: 1
Text: I felt that the low price matched the quality of the accomadation. Nice to have such a cheap priced hotel this close to the airport. I think if they upgraded, repaired etc they would have a nicer hotel but then they would have to charge more! Very low quality hotel but at this price I was perfectly satisfied.
Rating: 2
Text: The rooms are ok. Very lumpy pillows. The towels were hard as if they don't use dryers. The front desk staff is rude. The so called breakfast is 2 types of cereal and coffee. I would re consider before booking here. I suggest the Country Inn a little ways down the road for just $10 more. They actually have full on breakfast choices and everything they say they have.
Rating: 1
Text: My flight was cancelled due to weather so I called this Hotel.  The gentleman said yes there were rooms but the shuttle was no longer working due to the late hour.  I took a cab and when I got there this same gentleman said do you have a reservation.  I said no and he said sorry we are all booked. I explained that I have just called and magically he found a room.  The rate was $64. No coffee pot, USB ports.  The bed was so hard and the pillows were extremely old and lumpy.  The hallways smelled of mildew and they had a fan running.  The breakfast that was offered was 2 kinds of cereal, milk and coffee.  That was it!  As we left the next day the shuttle driver didn't assist any of the passengers to put our luggage in or take it out.  he only spoke to ask where we needed to go.  HORRIBLE HORRIBLE place!!!!!!!  The place was old and dumpy but at 1am with a toddler I had no other choice.  If it had been only me I would've stayed at the airport, much better accommodations there.
