Oak Grove Inn
Rating: 4
Text: The place was quiet and peaceful. Awesome coffee each morning. I liked that they weren't stingy with towels and toilet paper. They supply the rooms with some possible overlooked toiletries and a fridge and microwave. The  staff were all very nice. The only thing I would change is they need some breakfast and clean a little better.
Rating: 1
Text: DON'T waste your money here. It was the worst place I have ever stayed at. Stayed for a week and dint get room service not 1 time. However, they did go into our room. Had to get our own toliet paper and towels and was extremely over priced. It's a run down dump and don't recommend it to anyone.
Rating: 4
Text: It serves it's purpose. Room I'm in is nice though air con works but filthy. Hallway smells like cat piss. Other than that it's nice room.
And also like to state, from all the motels I have stayed in from all over the world. I have never stayed in a motel with water pressure like this in a room. Honestly the water pressure so strong in the shower it has a sting to it. WOW love the shower. Room 218. I don't know if I just got lucky or all the rooms are like this.
Now about the cat piss next morning the smell was gone so may have been meth heads across the hall so who knows.
Oh also I see a lot of truck drivers statements. 
I'm a truck driver also. Reason for stay a.c. in the truck went out. And also this place has room for truck parking. And a comment about noise. Place is almost sound proof. Don't hear anything from other rooms or from the hallway. Also outside noise. Okay along an interstate, next to a truck stop and a truck wash. And only outside noise I heard was a train horn. And that was faint sound. Even noise in the room shower on door shut and it's not loud in the bed are a of the room. It is well worth the price. I have paid more in a lot worse places. For what you get the price is on a average. It's not cheap it is average.  But the shower makes it all worth it. I would recommend this place if it was for reason like I'm in. So depends on needs and wants.
Staff is really friendly here also.
Rating: 1
Text: The lobby area and 2nd floor hallway were completely saturated with the smell of tobacco smoke.  Thankfully our room was not.  Linens and pillows were very old.  Blanket was stained or needed cleaning.  Bedspread had cigarette type burn hole. Decent coffee in the lobby & ice as well.
Rating: 3
Text: To me the rooms are nice for the price that you pay. Now on the inside of the hotel it does look run down though in the hallways and parts of the hotel. Although the rooms are nice it has a microwave and refrigerator to put stuff in Andy TV is a nice decent size to watch movies and stuff on.
