Oak View Motel & Suites
Rating: 5
Text: stayed here for 3 weeks staff was great very quiet and relaxing rooms were very clean and the pond they had was great as well, would recommend 
Rating: 5
Text: Never judge a book by its cover!  This little motel and suites was a gem!  From the outside you wouldn't have guessed it but the rooms, at least the one we stayed in, was excellent.  We have stayed in some high dollar hotels that wasn't nearly as nice.  We had a double bed suite and loved it.  The room was clean, including the bathroom, which is huge on our list.  We plan on staying again in a few weeks and will be booking our stays every time we are in the area, which will be a lot since our daughter attends school around there.
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed in the suite with whirlpool ($ 100). it was fairly clean-fairly spacious-real old tv that barely had sound. About 2am got a cramp in leg and decided to get into whirlpool- only got about 3 inches of water before it turned completely cold. Not a lot of people using hot water at this time of night so I don't think you would ever get more than that. Didn't even cover the 1st set of jets. Not worth the extra money to stay in that room for sure. I would not stay there again. 
Rating: 1
Text: ABSOLUTLY HORRIBLE!!!!  The only nice thing I can say is that they don't have bed bugs, yet.  The rooms were remodeled like they show on their web, but it was probably done in the 1980's.  They were trashed.  The furnishings were garbage and should have been thrown out years ago. They were supposed to be non-smoking rooms, but they reaked of cigarette smoke.  The tub leaked like a seive and I recieved a deep laceration on my thumb due to the sharp edge of the broken faucet handle.  The room was not made when we arrived, there were dirty towels from the last unfortunate guests laying around. There is only one lock on the door.  There was no inner security lock with the bar and chain, and if you saw the people that ran this dump, you would not want to sleep without barricading the door like we did. The vent on the ceiling was falling off, the sheets and bed spreads were all stained. The water smelled like fish. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL IF YOU VALUE YOUR LIFE!
Rating: 2
Text: 
