Oak Tree Inn
Rating: 4
Text: There's a 1950s-style 24-hour delicatessen on the property. Eating booths with lots of elbow room or sit at the counter. Free-breakfast here is actually a cooked meal. 

Rooms have enough suitcase space, lounge chair, desk, TV, microwave. Well-equipped workout space: machines only - no free-weights. No elevator.
Rating: 1
Text: I do not recommend this place for the general public.
Rating: 3
Text: A simple place, perfect for an overnight stay and in a good location.
Rating: 1
Text: The hotel was okay & the diner staff where you get the free breakfast was so friendly. However the management was not up to par. My boyfriend and I were at a wedding and we smoke but we don't litter so he keeps the butts in his pocket until we get home. Housekeeping saw the butts in the garbage and automatically accused us of smoking. We tried to prove to them that we didn't. I told the manager to please get the garbage because there will be no ash or even tobacco in the cigarettes, she said she did but that she would still have to wait for the general manager the next day which makes no sense because that, to me, proves there was no smoking in the room. There would be ash & tobacco if we smoked in the room. She pretty much told us there was nothing she could do and that we would be charged $100. She didn't even check the room herself. Which we asked her to do repeatedly If it was something we had done I would be completely okay with it but seeing that we did not I find it completely unprofessional and just wrong. If we were not allowed to throw away certain things then that should have been outlined in the room agreement. 
Rating: 1
Text: It had bed bugs and the sheets were pretty bad. Almost couldn't stand them but we were so tired from driving that we went ahead and stayed there.
Only to wake up next day with bug bites.
I'm still treating all my belongings.
Notified the management and got no response so this is how I'm notifying wary travelers.
I have no confidence they will take care of the bug problem!
