Ogle Haus Inn
Rating: 2
Text: I stayed here in September, and have finally decided my stay warranted a review.
There were three cars in the parking lot on Friday and Saturday. We were guests of a wedding, and everyone else that called had been told that the hotel was "booked full."
The lobby is very nice. In three days I saw one employee, one time. Although the hotel offers views of the river, and was virtually empty, we were placed on the ground floor with a view of the empty parking lot.
When we entered our room, we were absolutely assaulted by the smell of mildew. We left the sliding glass door open for hours to air the room out. The carpet had very obviously been ripped up and then laid back down without being secured. There was used dental floss on the carpet, and mold in the bathroom. Part of the bathroom wall, damaged from water, was crumbling onto the floor. There were pieces of dirt on my sheets. There was spilled liquid in the refrigerator.
Was it the absolute worst place I've ever stayed in? No, but I would never recommend anyone stay there, nor does it seem the staff wants anyone there since they said it was booked full (with only a couple guests). Our best guess is that they house the workers for the company's nicer hotel and casino in the Ogle Haus, while letting it deteriorate.
Rating: 5
Text: I'm so glad we chose the Ogle Haus Inn, what an awesome experience.  So quaint, such friendly staff.  The balcony was open to all the rooms facing the river.  We had a group of 8 so we all sat out back, enjoyed the river view and had plenty of room.  The mattresses were top quality as well.  I would highly recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful place very nice and they are starting to update rooms very beautiful lobby friendly staff rooms have sliding door to out side 2nd floor has deck also rooms with river view
Rating: 1
Text: Very dirty place lot, windows, floors, served burnt coffee and soggy bread.. pool stinks and full of leaves wow very bad especially for the very high price
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful historic Inn built in the Swiss lodge style. They host local charity events for the community. They offer beautiful suites with whirlpool garden tubs that are perfect for honeymooners!
