OH! KENTUCKY CAMPGROUND & RV PARK
Rating: 1
Text: After traveling full time for the last 2 years, I have to rate this park as one of the worst experiences we have had.  We called an hour ahead and gave them a credit card to hold a pull through space but asked them not to run the card as we prefer to pay cash.  They agreed.  Upon arrival we paid cash and were given a site, but before we could go to the site, the site guide told us it was full and we would have to wait to be assigned another site.  The new site was not large enough to accommodate us, but we were told we would just have to unhook our tow.  This is understandable as mistakes happen and we are pretty easy going.  They, however, weren't even polite about it.  

The next morning we went to get a code for the bathroom and were treated as criminals trying to steal their toilet paper.  Once again, we are easy going and ignored their foul attitude.

An hour or so later my wife was online and checked her credit card account.  Even though we had paid cash they hit our card anyway.  I went to the office to point out the error.  The clerk told me that it wasn't her fault and that I would have to return later to speak with the other clerk.  I was starting to get upset but decided to comply.

All of this was disappointing, but the attitude I got when returning was terrible.  Some guy told me that his wife handled the check-in and that she doesn't make mistakes so it is our fault.  His attitude was that we were trying to rip him off for $26.  I probably should have continued to argue, but I decided that I would write this instead.  

Please do not waste your money at this park.
Rating: 5
Text: We stopped for the night on our way to Asheville. Nice people, good pull through site. We toured the town and enjoyed its beauty and history. Would stay overnight again.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a follow up to my earlier review.  The owner of the campground did a very nice job of follow up to resolve our issues.  He refunded our money and apologized for the error as well as assuring us that he would take steps to guard against other travelers having a similar experience.  If you are a traveler who has spent some time at RV parks, I am sure you know that mistakes happen and that how a park handles those mistakes is important.  These folks did a fine job of service recovery and I would no longer hesitate to stay with them again.
Rating: 2
Text: Cyclist ? beware:
If you plan to camp after a long day of biking you won't find any shade. The lawn for camping has a single tree with a single picnic table. 
There's no easy access to water for drinking, no plugs for charging your devices, and the WiFi is extremely spotty. Don't forget to mention that the camping lawn is on a hill! 

The "gazebo" for hanging out in has shade, but nothing else. 
When I checked in, the lady behind the counter told me to go jump in the pool, well when I went to go do so. All I found was a pool full of broken concrete, and another half empty with ditches dug around it. So, no pool I guess. 

Oh, and it's $7 something per person to camp, and not $7 something per tent. 
Why they charge per person vs per tent is beyond me. 

Rating: 1
Text: Dont waste your time and money.  Good for a basic sleep over.  They advertised a pool. But its still under construction. Plus gave me one price over the phone n charged me more upon arrival.  After driving 7 hours. They kinda got you. 
