Ol' MacDonald's Farm
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to have a wedding and reception, they are more than happy to help with anything you need. Billy is the best and makes sure your happy!!!! Five star alll the way
Rating: 1
Text: Very, very rude treatment!!  Read the small print and check everything twice before renting this campground...all of the amenities are not included in the base price!  the 24hour shower house and bathrooms were locked up at 10 pm.  There are plenty of other nice campgrounds in the area - even during a solar eclipse!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: This place is a joke.  Do not stay here at all costs.  The front desk staff was passed out on the sofa when we got there.  Got to out spot and the water house they supply wasn't long enough.  He asked if we had a splitter.  We said, no.  He said, well, there's a hardware store down the road.  The spots are crammed together and not level at all.  There are holes in the ground everywhere.  Good luck walking outside your RV at night.
Rating: 1
Text: We camped here this past weekend. Has the potential to be a decent place. Just not there yet. They over booked us. So we were crammed on 1 site. Which are already very small to begin with. We had 2 campers and 7 people. We couldn't use the electricity because the box kept shorting out with 2 campers trying to pull off one. And we got charged for 2 separate sites. The pool in the picture is NOT the camp grounds pool. Their pool is an empty rusty broken down cement hole in the ground. We also had to chase off loose dogs all weekend. Not a fun experience. 
Rating: 4
Text: A full park for a busy holiday and my guests couldn't believe how quite the park was day and night. In response to another posting here I'm sorry U didn't let care taker know of your electrical problems as that would have been addressed promptly for sake of all at the park. We have had issues on other little things and they were here to make right.  I also agree the picture of the pool on web site should not be there as there will be future pool but not done at this time. First impressions are so important . I have been here 2 months as a fulltimer and seen so much work done and see their vision of finished park . We lov it here. Owners are good people and welcome your good and even the bad keeps all working there best.  I retired from working with the public and this quiet park retreat in progress makes me a HAPPY camper. The trails , farm animals , golf carts,  ponds makes this place a grandchild magnet every weekend. If your into concrete this isn't the place for U but if U like Meadowlarks , sound of frogs and golf cart rides threw the woods or fishing , just quiet it is here.  Debbie & Bill.
