Old Man's Cave Campground
Rating: 5
Text: The State Park is one of the best I've ever seen. The campground was also very nice and well maintained. The bath house was nice and the camp hosts were very friendly. All in all, I look forward to coming back
Rating: 4
Text: This is a pretty nice State Park campground.  The sites are decent sized, especially in the "culdesac" sites. The sites are really wooded unlike  other campgrounds I've stayed at. This made it extremely nice, especially during the heat of the day. We had great weather for our trip. The shower houses and restrooms really need updated. They aren't the worst I've seen, but they aren't the best either. The parks need to spend some money on these features. This place could use some shower houses like the one at East Harbor State Park in Port Clinton or South Bass Island State Park. The pool looked nice, it has a couple slides for the kids. We ended up not swimming in it due to the weather being cool. I love the proximity to the Old Man's Cave. It was a super quick drive to get there. You are truly disconnected here, we have AT&T and had absolutely no cell service. It made it nice because my family wasn't messing around on their phones like most families do today. One thing I would recommend is to "offline" download the area map on Google maps so that way if you need to look at the map you can. The first night I forgot some things and we had to go the the local Walmart. I was able to look it up on Google maps because of the offline map. I definitely will make another trip back down here. It's a must visit if you enjoy camping and the outdoors. 
Rating: 5
Text: We had a wonderful weekend camping here. The "Camper Hosts" were very helpful. Our camper's eclectic blew. We were having trouble figuring it out. They got us up and running again. 

We camped near to a playground, but as we walked around we noticed several play areas. And the pool was beautiful.

Also, a couple with two young boys were camping across from us. One of the boys bikes became "un-rideable" the "camper host" had the needed bolt to repair the bike. 
The bathrooms were clean. The grounds were clean and the "Camper hosts"  surveyed  the area and if there were any issues we didn't hear or see it. 

We will definitely be back!!!
Rating: 3
Text: Had our 1st family camp trip and stayed 2 nights. Its more for rv not tents. But really enjoyed our stay. Very nice pool area and right next to old mans cave.
Rating: 5
Text: The trails are beautiful. Such a great place to take your family.
