Old Kentucky Home Motel
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed here during a bike tour. When we pulled up to the place, first thought was uh oh, is this gonna be ok? Place looked dated and is fairly close to the road. The screen door handle was damaged. But the workers were nice, and once in the room, the beds were very comfortable, and the road noise was not bad. With a buffet restaurant right across the street, we were snug and well fed for the night. We would stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: Was greeted with a care package upon check in. Our motorcycle group was happy to have a warm check in and nice beds. Bummed that the pool and hot tub were out of service, but it was a nice place to stay regardless
Rating: 1
Text: Terrible experience. Beds were filthy. We walked in check the beds and immediately wanted a refund. The guy at the front said we couldn't bc we trashed the room. Pillows were brown due to sheets being so old. He tried to tell me they were tan. Tried to give us a different room these sheets were worse then the first room. Finally after two hours we finally got a refund. But first he made us make the beds back up and tuck the sheets. Those sheets need to be trashed. I wouldn't feel comfortable sleeping there ever. We ended up going to America inn. It was the same price and so much nicer. We will be staying there again
Rating: 2
Text: Our room was clean aside from some weird spots on the sheets. Very shady people that seem to live at the motel. The motel across the road costs 10 dollars more and looks far nicer.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible place to stay. I guess the old saying " you pay for what you get". Cockroaches in rooms no hot water for 3 days. Came back to room for lunch and they would leave out doors open to room and they'd be nowhere in sight. They'd walk in room without knocking. Even asked us to put trash in big dumpster to help keep fewer roaches. Had to drive a hour away to shower at truck stop. Cost me$12 not including my gas.  Asked the to pay for the cost of the shower and they said its not their fault they can't provide hot water to shower with. Then told me after I said I was gonna write a review told me I could leave their hotel. They were super mad. Stay away. Pay a little more and stay else where.
