Old Harbor Inn
Rating: 4
Text: LOVE this place!  Been coming here since I was a kid, and it never disappoints.  Fantastic location, 1 block from downtown, 7 minutes from the beach, right on the harbor...as picturesque as can be.  Plus, all the rooms are slightly different - each time I stay, it's never the same (but always good).  Plus, it has an indoor pool, for the days when the weather just doesn't cooperate.  My favorite place to go in harbor country!

EDIT:  Knocking off one star.  The pool is gone.  I just came back from a visit with my daughter, who was visibly disappointed as such.
Rating: 5
Text: I'm so glad that I was not swayed by reading negative comments about Old Harbor Inn. We just spent an amazing weekend there, and can't say enough great things about it. The room (#29) was spacious and nicely decorated, and we spent more time on the small balcony than we thought we would, making it totally worth it. The bed was more than comfortable, and we literally have zero complaints about our stay. It was our first trip to South Haven, and we will most certainly be back. While we did drive to nearby state parks for one day (which were totally worth the drive), the rest of our 3-day weekend was spent walking to the nearby beaches, walking around town shopping and dining, and enjoying amazing sunsets. It was a perfect location, being on the water and being within walking distance of just about anything you could want to do. Because our room had everything we needed (including a bottle opener which we had forgotten) our interaction with the staff was minimal, but they were always friendly. It was the most laid back, relaxing weekend we have had in nearly 20 years, and we just might have to make this a yearly tradition at Old Harbor Inn.

If you need a pool, or continental breakfast, or a fitness room, or nightclub, then this isn't the place for you. But it's not meant to be your standard hotel... it's a retreat. If you want to get away from your daily life and relax, this is the perfect place to do just that. 

(Keep in mind that we went in late October, and while many local shops were closed for the season, many were not. It was not the party scene that probably takes place on summer weekends, and I'm sure it was quieter because of that. But there was still more than enough to do around town.)
Rating: 1
Text: My husband and I have enjoied staying at the Old Harbor Inn for the past few years. Our last stay we slept on the 2nd floor. The lock to the balcony was broken and our 3yo kept trying to go outside. Had we stayed longer than overnight this would have been a problem. Our bed was extremely uncomfortable with pillows that felt like rocks. At the top of the staircase near the lobby, it looked as if part of the ceiling had collapsed (with no sign of looking like it was going to be fixed), and the pool had been filled and covered by a gym. Which was not mentioned at check in- even though my daughter and I talked with the woman at the front desk about swimming downstairs while my husband checked us in. Our stay prior to that... The bed was extremely uncomfortable- which can be overseen considering that we stayed again. Its all very unfortunate being that the hotel itself is in a great location.
Rating: 5
Text: Great location being right on town and walking distance to everything.  I've stayed here twice and have thoroughly enjoyed both my stays.  Rooms are big and very comfortable.   First time i stayed with my husband in a suite with a Jacuzzi tub in November 2016.  Room had a great sunset view from the river.   Second stay was in April 2017 for a girls weekend.  Stayed in master suite with 4 other people.  Everyone in my group was pleased with the accommodation.  Looking forward to coming back in the warmer weather.  
Rating: 5
Text: Didn't know what to expect but we were very happy with our room!  Love this place and the area in general.  Will be coming back for sure.
