Orleans Trail Marina
Rating: 5
Text: Nice semi rustic camping.  What I mean by that is,  campground is not all lit up or mowed line a golf course.  Nice place to stay with electric no water and sewer.  Dump station is nice
Rating: 1
Text: The only thing good about this place is the restaurant. The food and staff at the restaurant were great. HOWEVER, the cabins were run down and our water had an overpowering rotten egg smell. This was in all four cabins we had. The water burned my eyes the first night when I showered. We complained first thing in the morning the next day and had to go down there four times before someone (the owner) came out to look at it. We just wanted to make sure it was even safe. The owner finally came out about 7-8 hours after we complained and had an automatic attitude. Refused to even shake our hand when he got there even after told him thank you for coming and tried to shake his hand. Then said he smelled nothing and if we didn't like the water that we could leave. Also said that smell is normally for "this part of the country." We live 2.5 hours away and my aunt owns a resort about 2.5 hours south of there and neither place smells like that. We even asked other resort guests and no one else had that problem. It's also very sad that the staff gave us a warning and said he's not going to take it well and be very defensive if he has to come check our water. HORRIBLE customer service. Do not waste a dollar on that place and that terrible human being. We took a sample of the water to be tested and have called the BBB. No one deserves to be treated that way...especially after paying all of that money and when we were trying to enjoy my husband and my best friend's birthday. Photo below is the owners vehicle parked right smack in front of the door so his guests get to drive around or walk around his vehicle to get to the lobby to check in and out.
Rating: 1
Text: Camping was awful, the camp ground was not mowed. The breaker on our electric pole kept tripping while just running the basics on our camper, it actually melted our plug. Couldn't get to one of the courtesy docks due to an old run down dock from the Marina being shoved on the shore between the 2 courtesy docks. Debris from the old dock was scattered all over the shore line. Glass, nails, styrofoam, tin, boards with nails in them were all over including in the water.  I can't believe the Corp even allows this.
Rating: 5
Text: You get what you pay for! Its not the Hilton people, its cheap but cozy, everything  you need for a lake weekend! Staff is amazing and friendly! The food and drinks are perfect, priced great and convenient for boaters and guest. Having the marina store helps when you forget anything you need for your weekend get away or just ice for your drinks! Walking to breakfast every morning is a plus! Zane, Linda and Tammy make you feel at home, like a local! 
Today felt like the scene at the end of the movie "Dirty Dancing" when all the guest are packing up to go home at the end of a long summer season. Sad to leave your friends but already excited for what next summer brings!
Some suggestions for next year:
1. Trim the trees so you can have more of a lake view.
2. Larger patio on the bar
3. Live music or d j on Friday and Saturday nights
4. More curtesy docks for the bar and grill with a walkway going up from the lake.
5. Get new curtesy docks for the boat ramp, marina and gas dock, these are too old and too dangerous for scratching boats when docking. 
6. Open up the restaurant area to become more of the bar atmosphere.
7. Provide portable fire pits for all cabins. 
8. Provide kids with game area while eating
Rating: 5
Text: The marine service was awesome . These guys did a great job and did it in a extremely timley manner . Besides more than reasonably priced. I will reccomend and be back for future service . Thanks again 
