Our Slice of Paradise
Rating: 4
Text: Nice quiet campground for full time campers. No overnight stays.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I have been at Our Slice of Paradise for going on four months . We love this campground. Most importantly it is peaceful.  It also has the most beautiful trees . Della (the owner) is a straight shooter but extremely nice . I just had my birthday party down at the pavilion /shelter house . It was great. Cold refrigerator, great gas as well as a charcoal grills our there for everyone convenience. All the adults and children swam and enjoyed the paddle boat and kayak. All this included in your monthly price is incredible.  I'm so happy to have a place I can swim everyday . We are so fornunate that we found this very laid back to call home . Thank you to Our Slice of Paradise for making this beautiful place feel like home .
Rating: 1
Text: My mother and I lived here for a little over 2 years. The setting itself is very nice and we enjoyed the home, the views and the quiet we had most of the time. Della and Jim (if they are still there) seemed like nice people (at first). What we did not like was being cheated out of our deposit when we left and the number of outrageous lies they said about us and what we supposedly did to lose our deposit. They did not even have the class to send us a report informing us of what we did wrong. We had to get the report from someone else. We had heard of some other people losing their deposits and were concerned it might happen to us and it did. Like I said, the park and setting and lake are great. Don't let Della and Jim deceive you though. They act like nice people and maybe it does not happen to everyone, but these people will try to cheat you out of your money and claim the most ridiculous things to keep your money ! We were charged for not putting out a new roll of toilet paper and leaving the place a filthy mess when we left and we did clean it and I had to clean our mobile home from top to bottom when we moved in ! We were also told we could have birds inside the house and Della encouraged us to have them outside of their cages in the house only to accuse us of letting our birds destroy the carpet and that they left the place a mess. She never had a problem the whole time we were their with our birds. Use to come in and talk to them and want to see them. Della and Jim act like laid back country folks but will lie about you and cheat you out of your money. Period ! Do not trust them if they are still there !  
