Overlook Farm
Rating: 4
Text: A beautiful wedding area ....just thought some of the areas around the outside edge of the property needed some work to make everthing look wonderful.
Rating: 5
Text: A gorgeous, quiet place to go and get away from the city. They have really tasty wood-fired pizza and I had an amazing watermelon margarita once. It is also cool to go and watch the eagles or the lock and dam.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful and very relaxing!
Rating: 2
Text: I was very excited about the chance for a nice farm to table birthday dinner for my mother and liked the companion restaurant in the city. I had out on my to try list for several years after a great review. 
We made a reservation in advance and took the drive up from St. Louis with my parents. When we arrived, the place was empty. We found a hostess who told us she tried to call and that a group of bikers had come through for lunch and their menu was limited so maybe we didn't even want to eat there.  I checked and the call was at six, just before our six-thirty reservation and one assumes well after lunch. 
We had called ahead to be sure that my wife could accommodate her food allergy, so we said if that was still on the menu, we were in. While we ate, they completed maintenance on some lights nearby, breaking a few. We had to ask for the sitcom on the big screen to be turned off. The water was tap, unfiltered, and terrible. My wife, pregnant, stopped drinking the lemonade because it was so 'off'. When she ordered, she was told that the meal she had planned was no longer safe. The chef came out to apologize and explained the marinara was made fresh and the ingredients could change. We confirmed that she was the same chef-owner we had talked to when we made the reservation and asked for anything available on the menu. After a long wait, she came back and offered a special pizza, made fresh. 
When the food came, it was unattractive, but not remarkable good or bad. The custom pizza was just a thin cracker crust with tomato sauce on top - it looked very Lunchables. 
All told the experience was disappointing, but not horrible. It wasn't a $14 pizza, the other entrees were priced as a romantic getaway, but prepared as a local eatery. It seems the clientele have shifted and it
is now a local event space and weekend buffet, so go with better expectations than I. 
Rating: 1
Text: Worst restaurant ever. First time ever left a restaurant with not at least liking something. Could not eat brunch everything was cold. Cold gravy biscuits bacon eggs and coffee. They ran out of potatoes and asked if I wanted fries only after I asked where the potatoes were. This is heavily advertised as farm to table there was nothing on my plate that was farm to table. They advertise menu not catered to chefs but farmers. Insult to farmers this place is positioned to be. Grew up eating on farms and farm to table restaurants. This place is an absolute insult to people doing locally grown and farm to table. If this was a true farm to table experience how could they offer me fries they should be made from the potatoes not served out of a frozen food bag. Made special trip to try it if I could rate a zero I would.
