Ozark Inn
Rating: 3
Text: After a fiasco with our reservation at another hotel we finally found a room at the Ozark Inn. The office smelled terrible and my husband had to leave as it was making him sick. But after not finding any other place we came back. The room was clean though. The bed was terrible hard and only a full size, which is not comfortable for more than one person to sleep in. No fitted sheet on the bed, only flat sheets so they slid everywhere. We stayed 2 nights. They came in to clean but being a family with kids there were toys on the floor. So they decided not to clean our room. Only took all the towels, including the clean ones, left none behind and just left the room. No towels and the curtains being left open were our only hint housekeeping had been there. Which to me is a safety concern for theft. Especially considering the second night during a storm the door blew open. This was after 2 of us checked it to make sure it was locked. The only reason it didn't blow all the way open was we had locked the chain so it stopped at that point. But still terrifying for a few minutes at 1 am. Definitely would not be my preference to stay there again if there are other options available. We had friends there as well that reserved a non smoking room but got a smoking room instead.
Rating: 1
Text: Thieves *** DO NOT PAY WITH A CARD!!
In contact with the bbb. The lady said it would be 75  I ended up paying 300.00! 
Definitely getting my money that is bad business. When I called and notified the very rude woman co owner about my business card being over charged by 225.00!!! She had the nerve to tell me to come to the office and she would take care of it. I used my time and gas to get there from another city the lady then said I damaged the room. Complete lie!! Look people they have a 39 % 1 star rating for a reason. I suggest everyone do like I have and report them to the BBB. As far as the room, I left before midnight because it smelled like cat urine or mold. The bathroom was disgusting and I felt like I would get a disease if I took a shower.

39% 1 star rating.
I wished I would have looked online before I stayed.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is very friendly for my 3 year old brother, and the staff is extremely nice. The rooms are comfortable and they even have a pool.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst check in ive ever had. The woman working the center acted as if she couldn't care if I was there or not. The bathroom was full of spider nests. The sink had no temperature setting, always boiling. The best part was the mice in the mattress that were biting at my feet while i tried to sleep. I ended up sleeping in my car and when i tried to complain in the morning, no one could be found. If not for the matters I had to attend to I would have stayed longer than the 20 minutes of calling for someone in the check in center. I will never again touch this hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: The facility was very run down. The walls were so thin and we could hear crazy loud people all night. Even the shower running next door sounded like it was in our room. Very minimal to no amenities. Got no sleep due to loud noises all night.
