Paducah / I-24 / Kentucky Lake KOA
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice camp and hosts. Oct. '17, understand that Jay and Mary built this campground almost 50 years ago. Wonderful honest hard working americans. Ready to retire, it is now for sale. It is time for new owners. Still nice and clean it is lacking a bit for some maintenance and cleaning. Let's see how you're doing after 50 years! Some nice dark treed spots. A woodsy setting for so close in for that actually want to "camp".  Pretty quiet overall. 
About us: Vintage travelers in a vintage trailer that love stargazing and solitude away from the maddening crowds. Eating only at "mom and pop" establishments which are getting harder and harder to find.
Rating: 5
Text: The KOA Campground in Calvert City, KY is one great place to go and visit while either passing through and staying one night or better yet a good week to just relax. But, most importantly it's a place to enjoy bringing you're kids along to go camping, fishing, hiking, bicycling or swimming. At the same time there is also playground equipment available for kids 6 and up that can play on while there parents are enjoying the swimming pool.Through out the RV campground there is also picnic tables scattered all around the KOA Campground facility itself. So, whether you would like to take in a leisurely walk in the park here at the KOA Campground you can also take in a picnic lunch too. Here at the KOA Campground in Calvert City, KY they also allow pop-up campers, tents, RV's of all kinds big or small. If you're interested and want to come check us out sometime please do and we'll be very glad to have you I promise. 
Rating: 5
Text: The owners of this KOA are some of the nicest people we've met on our journeys. They are so friendly and treat everyone like lifelong friends. The campground is quiet and clean and just all around beautiful. There was a bronze trophy in the general store that was given to the owners for 40 years of service for KOA. That was given to them 3 years ago. These wonderful people have been doing this for a super long time and you can tell they still love it. That's impressive. 
Rating: 5
Text: Lovely lovely couple who own this campground. I did notice that it is up for sale. This would be a great investment for anyone currently looking for one.  Quiet, easy access to highways. Thank you Jay and your lovely wife for such great hospitality.
Rating: 2
Text: This is our 3rd year staying here. Basic KOA. Pool crapy play yard for kids. Sweet older couple running the place.
 This year there is a family living here. 4 kids 2 adults a small dog and a cat. This family has woken us every morning between 6 am and 7am. Either kids yelling or dog barking. Kids roam free and do as they please. Parents keep leaving them unattended. Family is nice enough but come on. I'm on vacation. Garbage all over their site blowing into ours. Kids wake up and pee in the road that we walk to restrooms. 
Couldn't they have used a site farther out from main campers?
Very unhappy this year.
