Park Mammoth Resort
Rating: 4
Text: Southern Hospitality at it's finest! And Pet Friendly!  Owners have 3 beautiful dogs of their own who freely roam the property.  This wonderful lodge is managed and serviced by the Two Owners and their families.  And they all take great pride in their "Grand Old Lady."  Back in the 1960's and '70's, this property was clearly a prime destination for a visit to Mammoth Cave.  The owners are proudly bringing her back.  Their rare Hospitality more than makes up for a few rough edges that still await their renewal.  When you're there on weekends, be sure to watch "under the portico" for Live music from aspiring artists Hot out of Nashville.  You won't be disappointed.  You may even be pleasantly surprised at who might happen to "drop in!"  BTW .. When you meet Amber, Tell her Ray Peppers and Poe said "Hello."
Rating: 1
Text: So I walked into a comedy movie scene when I first entered the "resort". So it's really a 1950's motel masquerading as a gun range, masquerading as a winery. The rooms are horribly outdated, beds are 30 years creaky, an iron burn stain on the floor, sinks, rusted-out/repaired. On the plus side, I felt the staff tries well and the room was relatively clean. The staff were as helpful as they could be and were very friendly. Ultimately I thought we were at my great grandmother's house, my family thankfully laughed off the first night but we quickly found another place and left. 
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms are dated but the staff is excellent. The food is great, the bar is always well stocked, and April takes good care of you.
Rating: 5
Text: I've been staying here for 6 years at the same time of year and the place is improving. It's still a basic 50's type Lodge hotel. But hell you can over look a lot when it provides pretty good value for money and has a gun range and golf course on the property.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice View, old facilities, we had a good time overall, spending all day in the Mammoth cave State Park, which is very close to the resort.
The restaurant is very limited, if you are looking for well done food, independent of the menu, this is not the right place to eat. We did the first night, pretty much because we were to tired to go out and also was pouring. 
There is no breakfast included in the price ?, again there's not many places to choose from between the resort and the park, no choices of fruit at all, neither veggies.
The rooms were okay, very old, and they smell old, I have some essential oils with me and I diffused at night. But in general, looks like it needs an upgrade, the place is nice located.
For those that vote with your wallet and not support the NRA this is not a place for you. It has a shooting range, we didn't visit the facilities, I cannot comment on that. But they have a store will all the things that you need in case that you chose to do that.
I like to take pictures as a hobby, and the view was the best part of this adventure. I'm not sure if I will come back, maybe the colors of the fall will convince me.
