Park Inn by Radisson Toledo, OH
Rating: 5
Text: Had my wedding there and loved every bit of the process! My planning process was a little less than 2years(we booked in Feb.2016) and we felt appreciated each and every time we met and/or contacted the coordinators  and  staff. The wedding day was amazing and EVERY roadblock that occurred I later found out that the coordinator Peter and the awesome staff swiftly fixed without hesitation!  We were not bothered and they did not add any stress during the process or the actual wedding day. My husband and I truly appreciated their services and completely loved every moment spent  there. We were treated nothing less than royalty and we thank them for that awesome experience! 9/3/2017 #DeAniellostiedtheknot
Rating: 1
Text: I made reservations two months prior to our stay on Nov. 11, 2017.  As we were attempting to check in, we were advised that our rooms weren't ready.  They indicated that they were fully booked the night before and a large group checked out late. So, we had to suffer. It's understandable if you can't check in right away, I get it, but we didn't get to check in until 6 pm., which caused us along with other guests to be late to our events. They  flippantly apologized and offered $20 food credit or 20% discount on the room; the best they could do.  Very frustrating.  I won't be staying there again.
Rating: 2
Text: I stayed here overnight in one of the corner rooms facing the river. Not a pleasant experience. The decor is faded and damaged in places. I used the stairwell to get to my room at one point, and there were empty beer bottles there, leaving me concerned about the security, as key cards aren't needed to get into the hallways. I used the iron and ironing board, both of which seemed to be at least a decade old. The water in the taps was brown, and never got fully cold. Water pressure in the shower was poor. The lamps and clock were unplugged when I checked in, for some reason. The worst thing was the WiFi, which reports two bars of signal strength, but was too slow to load any sites at all, and eventually stopped working completely. I did use the fitness center, which had one out of two treadmills working, an elliptical, and some weights machines. It seemed clean enough. The was also a sauna, which I did not use.
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel had a very fancy appeal in the lobby, however in the room, many things did not work like the fan in the bathroom, the phone, and the ac. We had the ac set to 50 all weekend and it was almost bearable on here  (I usually keep things about 74). The double beds were very small. However there was a nice sized mini fridge and a good microwave in the room. The hallways were clean. While in the room I checked for bedbugs and did not find any. However I did get bit more than once while in the room by something, either a flea or a bed bug. The hotel is in a very convenient location and is near all sort of things. Perhaps the worst thing is, the hotel does NOT have free parking even if you're staying here. If you're staying here parking is $10 a day or  $11 if you want to leave and come back, which I find RIDICULOUS.
Rating: 1
Text: It is 11PM, and I am on my way home with two small children, 90 minutes away from home all because of a bedbug and unacceptable ways of handling the situation from hotel staff, including the manager.  We found a bedbug on our bed, took it to the front desk, they gave us and my family’s other room to us for free, but had no other rooms to put us in, said they would change our linens, someone brought up new linens and left them with us, didn’t even change them or take the old linens out of the room. I tried working with the front desk and I was treated with an attitude from the night manager when I asked for a garbage bag for my clothes and asked why they didn’t change the bed and take the old linens, she wasn’t happy I questioned it and told me they don’t have house keeping currently. I believe her as the manager could have handled the situation herself and changed the bed and took out infested linens, keeping the old linens in the room was not going to get rid of the bedbugs.
