Parmele House Bed & Breakfast
Rating: 5
Text: This place is Great! Super friendly and tasty breakfast. ?
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful place that takes you back to another time. Quaint, quiet and relaxing.
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic experience! 
My girlfriend and I rode my motorcycle up from Kansas City for a big car show and racing. To start everything off, Carroll (the host) made "booking" simple. I simply called up there, she took my information, gave me a price that was similar to all surrounding public motels, and gave me directions. No upfront payment, no hassle. The weather forecast turned sour and Carroll offered to let me keep my motorcycle in the garage (ended up not being necessary but very much appreciated). 
The small town where the house is located is neat and quiet. Although there was not too much going on, we enjoyed walking up and down the street, eating at the local diners, and catching a show at the town square. 
The house is beautiful and the room was nice and clean. Carroll definitely made the experience great by being a friendly and helpful host.  She told gave us lots of information about the area, gave a history of the place, and suggested places to visit. A big pancake and sausage breakfast the next morning was just the finish we needed to an awesome experience. 
Several times, we referred to Carroll as the aunt we never had, and when we go through Omaha in the future, we will be sure to stop by at the Parmele House for another friendly, relaxing, and delicious experience. 
Rating: 5
Text: You cannot go wrong with a stay at Parmele House.  Carroll is an amazing hostess, she is warm and welcoming.  Her home is beautiful, quite and comfortable.  Breakfast was awesome and was accompanied by a great conversation.  What a pleasant find.
Rating: 5
Text: My parents owned a b&b for 7 years while I was growing up and I have to say Carroll, the hostess and owner,  did a fantastic job making my wife and I feel like we were at a home (away from home). my wife has trouble with gluten so Carroll insisted on making special meals for us. Additionally they were very delicious. She sat and talked with us giving us all the local information. Overall it was a great experience and we will be going back every time we visit Omaha. 
