Paul's Friendly City Manufactured Home
Rating: 2
Text: Poorly maintained. It's only maintained when they're forced to do it. The roads are rough,  falling apart, and being overtaken by grass and mud. Rain water drainage is a huge problem. Most lots sit for months with water causing the ground to sink, wash away, and be full of holes. Live electrical wires are sitting exposed with no more protection than the shielding that  comes on the wire. 

They talk about having new trailers, but they don't have any. They bring in old trailers, make them look new on the outside, and have them barely worth living in on the inside. There's one "new" trailer just sitting on one of the streets, not lived in, a large section of one wall exposed on the outside, with  the insulation getting blown off and across the court into everyone's yard. 

There are also many old trailers that haven't been lived in for over five years that are just sitting there rotting away. And one of the streets was closed off just so another lot could be added to the court. The managers have put out a sheet of rules, but they don't enforce them at all.

It is now for all intents and purposes, a slum. It used to be a well kept beautiful place to the point that the lots looked like they had concrete curbs, even though they didn't. The former owner was a really good man that cared about the court and the people in it. The current one doesn't care. I have pictures of it from those days. My grandmother is is the oldest resident there at age 102 (as of this review), lived there for 40 years, and it is despicable to see the condition it is in.

I only give it two stars because there are a few decent people that live there that make great neighbors. This place alone deserves half of one star.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible area overrun with extreme drug traffic illegal activity and generally unsafe and not up to code living conditions. Maintenance and management are a joke they do not care or try to fix anything and are most likely aware of and involved in all the meth and heroin being manufactured and sold here they illegally allow tenants to live in the park without being on the lease for an extra $50 a month that means there are most likely felons convicts and even pedophiles living here without even being on the lease or known wich just increases the drug's and illegal activity this place needs to be investigated and shut down immediately this is probably why the park's name keeps changing if you can help it avoid living here at all costs you will regret it management are horrible people that only care about themselves and finding unaware tenants to victimize and rip off they do not disclose important information such as meth cook sites in the trailers they have for rent and sale will be leaving immediately and going to a place that values and cares about their tenants if i could give negative stars i would it is a drug crime infested area this is no place to raise a family or for any decent human being to live.
Rating: 2
Text: When it rains, roads and yards turn into muddy swamps. Too many junky looking trailers with trash and useless junk piled up in resident's yards. Noisy residents that want to hang out in the streets partying and yelling at all hours. Management is incredibly slow to fix the park problems, but if your grass is 1/4" over the limit, they will tack notices on your door. Could be a nice park if just a few improvements were made.
Rating: 1
Text: People that live here are killing themselves and selling/using large amounts of meth and heroin that should say everything about what kind of place this is....
Rating: 5
Text: I love there puppy's
