Peaceful Waters Campground
Rating: 4
Text: We are right on the highway.  NOISE IS LOUD FROM HIGHWAY. Clean shower house. Adding more sites in back of properties.  Hope they add another shower house. NO TV OR CELL SERVICE.  Nice men who will help you park . They provided conecttor for water. HELPFUL.
Rating: 5
Text: We spent 8 nights at Peaceful Waters.  Very highly recommended.  The showerhouse was very clean and we had hot water.  This is our 2nd time to camp here and we will be back.
Rating: 1
Text: I personally did not stay at this Campground. I stayed at a campground that was nearby and had friends that were camping over here. I stopped by to chat with them and to visit when I witnessed an atrocious event. A nearby family that was camping had the owner screaming and cursing at them over what I believe to be them having a gas operated golf cart. It was extremely uncomfortable to watch as this family had a small child with their group. Never in my life of camping have I ever witnessed such an event. My friends who are camping will never be going back there and nor will I ever choose to Camp here. This poor family had the cops called on them for being nothing but polite to the owner trying to explain their situation. And mind you this was all loud enough for everybody to hear close by. They were constantly being harassed by the Camp staff and it was disgusting to see. I feel very sorry for the family that had to go through this and no one should be treated in such a manner.
Rating: 4
Text: Friendly, calm place and helpful. Still new but once popular they may not have enough hygiene facilities w/o expanding. Rules read no pits or rotweillers but we saw a few. One fenced in with camper. Must buy wood there as they don't allow certified wood. Also i had to do 2 night stay. Cabin next to us 1 night so ask as they may do last minute bookings of 1 night.
Rating: 1
Text: Owner is a foul mouth drunk!!!! He drives through the campground speeding and intoxicated. Go to their Facebook page to read my full review and horrible experience with this so call peaceful campground!
