Pear Tree Inn Rolla
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel is clean with comfortable beds.  I have stayed here often for work without any complaints, but this time I was using a walker due to a knee injury. This hotel is not disabled friendly.  You must open the doors by hand and it is very hard to get a walker through both doors.  A front desk person, though very friendly, watched as I struggled with the door. I don't think it even dawned on her to assist me.  A customer eating a snack was the one who jumped up to help me.  After settling in my room, I got a call from the front desk asking me to come back to the desk because they forgot to have me sign the slip.  I'm disabled!  They should have brought it to me!  The management needs to train their staff on how to help the disabled!  The next time I travel to Rolla for work, I will be asking for a different hotel that more accessible friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: This location was very convenient to Missouri S&T. It was easy to find with plenty of parking. There were no elevators but I was able to park near the stairs by my room. Breakfast was good with a nice variety of hot and cold foods and breads. The bed and pillows were comfy as well. If I need to stay near S&T again, I would pick this location again. Affordable and convenient.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and comfortable! Great rate. Free soda and popcorn for the kids and 3 free beer/wine for adults during happy hour. I would definitely stay at another pear tree/Drury in the future. I am looking forward to the free breakfast in the morning. There's no way I'd complain about a free meal!
Rating: 4
Text: Easy access to the hotel right off the highway. Next to a few restaurants. Friendly staff and good breakfast options. Only stayed one night and would probably stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean and friendly place. We would definitely come back to stay there again. The breakfast and snacks was a big plus. The only reason why I didn't give it a five is just because an indoor pool would had been nice. Other than that great service!!!!
