Pear Tree Inn St. Louis Fenton
Rating: 3
Text: Okay so as a female traveling alone, arriving late at night, this place has THE WORST first impression. Parking lot was well-lit, but narrow and long along the side of the building. So I walk to the front, into the alcove, and the first thing I see is a red sign in the door asking if I've removed all of my valuables from my car... Oh and the door is locked? Then I see a sign saying I have to go to the window around the corner to talk with the front desk person. K. She buzzed me in, now I'm thinking "where. the. heck. am. I?!" The guy that comes in after my was left behind by his wife and kiddos, not sure what the room number is, and the front desk person says she can't say his room number out loud (is this a new thing?). Okay now I'm really starting to second guess what I'm doing. She checks me in, making awkward small talk as other guy lingers waiting for his wife, and I finally get my super secret room number. 

Once I got in the room, I felt much more comfortable and just kept telling myself to trust the google reviews I poured over before booking. The room is nice and big, comfortable king bed, pillows were perfect. I was actually really pleased with the room itself. I took pics of the room but wish I would have taken pics of the front so you could see the stark difference!

While they offered free breakfast, I opted out. The space was a little cramped/crowded and their offerings seemed sparse so I ventured on.
Rating: 4
Text: I have always had a great stay at this location. Crisp sheets and fluffy pillows are always nice. It's located next door to a Dennys and Cracker barrel restaurants so that's a plus. There are also other restaurants 2 to 5 minutes away. It's about 10 minutes from Six Flags and 30 minutes from Downtown St.Louis and Uber picks up here. The only draw back is they don't have a gym. If they did I would have given them 5 stars.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean, quiet rooms. Comfortable beds and pillows. Friendly, helpful staff. Quick and easy check in/check out. Walking distance to Denny's, a BBQ joint and Cracker Barrel.
Rating: 5
Text: Great and comfortable rooms. Good prices. You can find food and gas near of the hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: very friendly staff. comfortable beds. love the free popcorn in the evenings.
