Pete's Puddle-RV Resort
Rating: 1
Text: We decided to take the 20 minute drive and check out the "puddle". I'd heard descent things about it, and figured it would make a fun family Sunday. 

Upon arrival, we were impressed with the large sprawling layout. Small creeks and ponds were all over. It looked majestic. 

Most of the camping spots were full of "regulars" and you could tell they'd lived there for quite some time. Most rvs had sheds and decks built around and near them. 

The only problems we had with the whole community was the angry glares from all of the residents. We were just driving around and everyone was staring at us as giving us dirty looks. We were an outsider. About 10 minutes into our drive around and through all the small roads and trails we had our vehicle path blocked by a golf cart, driven by a NASTY old woman. She wouldn't let us pass and we were forced to talk to her. She asked what we were doing out there... if we were looking for someone... we stated we were just seeing what the place was all about. Wrong answer! She began to rudely tell us the place was private property and we weren't welcome. She said we need to pay up at the front desk to even check the place out. Being a Sunday, the "front desk" was closed. We asked her who to pay and what we needed to do... trying to keep our cool. The woman told us there was no way to pay on a Sunday. She said we had to leave and that it was a private community and they weren't looking for new members. "West Lake is right down the road" she said. 

Overall the place had potential, but the angry glares and rude "white trash" residents ruined what could have a been a nice family outing. Don't let the websites and commercials fool you. This isn't a place to bring your family. Like the lady said "West Lake is right down the road".
Rating: 3
Text: It is very hard to rate this place. I love the campers but the management doesn't take care of the property. If it wasn't for the campers taking care of things it would be terrible.  And unfortunately many of the regular campers have pulled out.  My wife and I provide Sunday morning church services there in the summer of 2015.
Rating: 1
Text: The place is in bankruptcy and has gone sharply downhill.
Rating: 2
Text: I called to price tent camping for a group of 30 people for a week, and was given the run around, and illogically argued with. I was also denied the opportunity to speak to a manager, and the Gal told me to call HER back the next day. She did however call me back to let me know she would discount the $30 rate by five dollars a day per tent. I decided to take my $700 elsewhere instead of being delegated how to cram 30 people in less than comfortable space and deal with rude staff.
Rating: 5
Text: Best fishing in kansas and very family oriented. My son loves it!
