Pheasant Run Resort
Rating: 5
Text: Zanies puts in a great show. We went on a Friday night and it was packed. The drinks were good but a bit pricey. About $10 each, with a 2 drink minimum for the show. Comedy was great. Venue 8s a bit old and could use some improvements and or cleaning. Overall it was a fun night.
Rating: 4
Text: We were here for a life celebration. The room was nice. We liked the patio access from our room, with the pond and fountain. The indoor-outdoor pool was really enjoyable, and the longer pool hours a really great plus, since we came a good distance and still got to relax in the pool that night! The campfire circle is also nice. We don't golf and didn't try the restaurants, so I have no idea there, but the rest was nice and the staff was friendly.
Rating: 3
Text: Location great.  Nice landscaping. Excellent for golf etc.  Good customer service.  Nice bathrooms but wear and tear evident in carpet and smell of the rooms.  The real reason for 3 stars was ring around the upstairs toilet in the suite.  Downstairs bathroom in better shape.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed the weekend on the Romantic Getaway package. We were married on Bourbon St. Although this was a very small intimate wedding, the staff accommodated us and was very helpful in arranging our wedding and giving us privacy. Thank you to Brittney. Our rooms were a little outdated but the view was outstanding; on the 14th floor of the Tower overlooking the golf course and airport. The ambiance of the Harvest restaurant was delightful. There is so much to do at this resort and the scenery is beautiful. Reasonably priced also, this was a fabulous trip.
Rating: 1
Text: I’ve never complained about a room before and I’ve stayed in hundreds. This was my first. The loft suite was booked by my company for a business trip. For $225 a night my room has 3 big holes in the carpet, which is very frayed, there are several “puddle” spots on the carpet where apparently dogs have urinated, the corners were chewed off of the coffee table, also probably by a dog, there is paint bubbling up on the walls, the entertainment center where the little fridge is has dry rot and possible mold, paint is chipping off the walls, the tv was from the 90s, the room was so dark my family could barely see me when I FaceTimed them, a big tear in the sheet, drink rings on the desk upstairs and to top it off there was a candy bar wrapper in the bathroom that was not mine. I asked the front desk for a different room and they showed me a room 2 doors down that was in about the same shape. Moving would have been a hassle to a room that wasn’t an upgrade. I would not recommend staying here. There is a Hilton Garden right across the street that couldn’t possibly be this much of a mess. Stay there. I have pictures of all of this but I can’t figure out how to download them here.
