Pine Manor
Rating: 1
Text: I rented an apartment from Pine Manor, Nov16-Jun17, kept the place clean, made minor repairs (caulking of windows and non-working smoke detectors) and paid all rent on time. At time of move out, the apt was cleaned and it was impossible to reach the manager, Tammy for a walk-thru. I called, left messages, sent multiple text messages all w/no reply. I sent certified USPS letter requesting deposit back and the mail was rejected. I wouldn't expect the return of your deposit if renting from Pine Manor Apartments.
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT RENT THESE APARTMENTS!
The landlord is the worst. She never answers phone calls unless she wants something from you. 
Roaches will climb up through the sinks.
The downstairs apartments get flooded by a backed up sink because they don't clear the pipes outside.

The landlord will lock you out of your apartment even if you paid rent. And have her little junkie buddies come try to pry the door open. The police will get involved and all of a sudden the landlord has all of a sudden ended your lease without any paper work being signed by tenants. Police won't allow you into the apartment to find the lease you did sign at the beginning of the year. 

The reasons will change, you didn't pay rent, (which it is believed by multiple people there that the landlord pockets rent money) even with proof it's been paid, then the lease ended without any paper work being signed, of course And then lastly. She will just say you cannot stay because you are "crazy"

This landlord is also the one who after a bad breakup unlocked the window in the apartment so the ex could climb through and stay there. Landlord then tells the ex to come pick up the keys from me....who paid the rent and discusses with ex about signing a new lease. 

So without an eviction. The landlord has the police completely locked us out, with our belongings still in there. Medicine that is needed by ex is not available. 

Don't not trust this woman or the drug addicts that live there.

All she has to do was give papers to sign, but instead she wants it to go to court.
Rating: 4
Text: Really good for the price. The Landlord is great and we have had no problems with her after 5 years. Heating/cooling isn't very good but you can fix it with space heaters/fans.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice apt
Rating: 5
Text: 
