Pinehill Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful grounds with lots of special places to sit and relax.   The bed and pillows were wonderfully comfortable.  Ken and Chris were gracious hosts and served delicious food.  We'll be back!  Ken and Pam Rosmann
Rating: 4
Text: Very comfortable beds and pillows!  Room was clean and had the usual amenities (shampoo, bar soap, conditioner, chocolates by the bed, 2 bathrobes, built-in hair dryer, small fridge). Breakfast is self-serve and they offer cereal, oatmeal, muffins, various flavors of bagels and English muffins, variety coffee flavors, multiple yogurt offerings.  The owners are a very friendly couple who live on site. House is setup in a European style, the room we had came with steam heat radiators. The room we stayed in had 2 separate bedrooms, which was ideal for me, my wife and 7-yr old daughter. The only downside is the bathtub was in the main bedroom but even that wasn't a big deal for a family.
Rating: 3
Text: Don't be lured in by their pictures. The place is very clean, no doubt about that. But the Whirlpool is too small for a romantic couple in the room we stayed in. There's no easy way to escape the tub after a shower and the slant it dangerous. I'm tall but the shower heads at their maximum we're uncomfortably short. They have a very tiny tv in the rooms that has a terrible contrast ratio and lots of films on DVD in the hall to watch... Presumably romantic... But theres a copy of hard candy in the shelf too lol. It costs more than a Vegas hotel on the strip but does come with a, sadly unfortunate, Continental breakfast. WiFi was pretty decent though.

The breakfast was incredibly difficult to understand. The staff hid in a room behind the kitchen. They're was no indication what was available to eat and where to get it. It was all squirreled away like the staff should be there ones to get it for you. When I finally got ahold of someone they confirmed that mini kitchen was indeed where to go for this. There was a large selection of unimpressive items. Muffins and cinnamon rolls from what looked like Walmart. Cereal, bagels, toast, fruits, yogurt, hard boiled eggs. They had a kurig either coffee and hot chocolate though and the hot chocolate was heavenly. Just don't try to use that and the toaster at the same time.

If you decide to stay here be prepared for a very hands off treatment, even during checkin. Absolutely don't bother with the breakfast. The $20 upcharge isn't worth it unless you want to stuff yourself with subpar food. Go out for your meal instead. Bring a Nintendo switch for games or a tablet with a video streaming service. It'll look better, sound better and be bigger than the tv they provide.
Rating: 5
Text: My fiancee and I visited Pinehill Inn for a wedding consultation and fell in love with it. We cannot wait to have our wedding here. The mansion is gorgeous and the owners are friendly and helpful. 5 stars!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Lovely building, beautiful setting, gracious & hospitable hosts - All adds up to well-deserved fine reputation!
