Pine View Resort
Rating: 4
Text: Good place. Stayed one night for Indiana Beach. Straight shot distance go the park. Nice pool that's a modest size. Breakfast next day was very lack luster...but i didn't expect much anyway. Place did its job so I'm satisfied
Rating: 4
Text: I had a fishing tournament at Lake Shafer and this was my first time staying at Pine View. I would definitely stay here again. Rooms were clean, air worked good, friendly staff, great location, easy in and out.
Rating: 3
Text: There's really only two options in this town, this place and a Best Western I think. I'll stay at the best Western next time...felt like sand was in the sheets on the uncomfortable bed and the Jacuzzi hasn't worked in 2 years. The day time lady who runs it is very nice, however, at night there is a couple in sweat pants working the desk. It's not a roach motel by any means, it's a clean hotel for the town...but if in a bigger city, this motel would have to charge $39 a night or by the hour to stay in business.
Rating: 1
Text: They are suppose to offer you smoking or non smoking. We were not asked and place in a room that the previous visitors had smoked in: so everything smelled of smoke! My friend had a cigarette burn in her blankets. There were flies all around the room, even some ants. The employees lack customer service and were extremely rude when we went to check out, having an attitude when we returned our room keys. 
They're known as being the "highest rated resort" but that's just a joke now. They need some major changes. 
Rating: 2
Text: We have stayed at this Resort for the last 3 years.  We knew that it was just a place to sleep and clean up for the next day...2 night stay. What a difference this year was.  The windows had not been cleaned and was thick with crud you could scrap off. There was water standing in the bathroom sink and there were stains around the bathroom stool on the floor. One of the comforters were even put on with the wrong side up.  The lamps had an inch of dust on them. We tried to call for a wake up call, but no response. We had booked this specific room months in advance  so there was plenty of time to get it cleaned up at least a little bit.  We like the location and we only eat breakfast there one morning and it is ok, \...not just cereals. We did mention it to the front desk and she agreed that it should have been taken care of before we got there. We even had a late night check in. When we stay the next time, we will  ask to be moved if we find the same conditions. FYI no ironing boards or irons or hair dryers so be prepared to bring your own. Not even a light outside the doors by the rooms...starting to look run down since we first started coming here.
