Pioneer Village
Rating: 4
Text: It's not a fancy place, but it turned out to be just fine for a few nights. We stayed the weekend before the '17 eclipse when it was full and we had trouble with running out of hot water in the shower. Actually, my wife had hot water then I got an ice shower. 
However, we stayed the weekend after the eclipse when only a few rooms were occupied and we had plenty of hot water. 
Rating: 4
Text: I have stayed there twice and both times have been good experiences. 
Rating: 5
Text: Had a New Years party in their conference room and we all stayed there. Room are comfortable and well priced.
Rating: 1
Text: The room we stayed in was clean and ok, but when we went to shower, we found out that there was no hot water! We asked the attendant about it and all he said was, "No one else has complained about it." There were only two other cars there so maybe others have discovered this also. We will not stay again unless we try out the water first to see if it will get hot. Or maybe not--one review said the hot water heater gave out while they were there!
Rating: 1
Text: My wife and I are moving across country from illinois to California and we decided to xamp our way across the country.

Pioneer Village was our first stop. 

Just the facts

1. The resteraunt is closed and condemed.

2. The bath and bathroom house for the campground is closed and waiting to be torn down.

They have a room open in the motel to accomodate the campground. My wife used it but the light was blown out and there was no soup to wash your hands.

3. You can not have an open fire and there is no fire pit. So cooking out doors us not going to happen unless you bring a grill.

4. The tent sites are not kept up. Half of all the tent sights are stone and or gravel and the spits whete you do see grass it is a foot tall and filled with 2 foot weeds.

5. The rest of the buildi gs including the motel look like they are falling down and should also be condemed. But yet they still want 70 dollars a night for a room.

6. The only local food is a subway, pizza hut and gas station... not much of a choice

7. You could smell the beef farm like it was next door to the campground.

8. The lady at the desk was very nice and quickly refunded our money without question.

9. When the wife an I pulled up we thought it was the wrong place because it looked abandoned.

If you are in a camper and need a quick over night stay where you have everything you need in your camper then it could be useful. Just keep your windows closed because it smells so bad.

If you tent camping don't waste your time this place is a joke and should really be closed.

Our breif visit was on May 1, 2016
