Pirate's Cove Resort & Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: Great location to Indiana Beach attractions (right across the street).  My family and I spent a few days in Cottage #3.  The cottage suited our basic needs for sleeping and eating, but it could use a little TLC.  The kitchen and bathroom sinks were not draining properly and the shower curtain in the bathroom needed to be replaced because it was moldy.  It's what you'd expect in an older typical lake cottage.  My kids enjoyed the pool, and overall we enjoyed our stay.  The manager, Andy, was extremely nice and helpful when we needed something.  The only annoying encounter we had was when we tried to board the ferry to ride over to Indiana Beach.  The ferry driver would not let us board because we purchased our tickets online and didn't have our wristbands on yet.  Apparently, you have to go to the campground next door to get your wristbands before riding the ferry over to the amusement park.  That wasted about an hour of our time.  But, once in the park, my kids had a blast all day until the park shut down.
Rating: 5
Text: It is our second time here and we will definitely be back! The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The rooms are very clean. The pool is nice and clean. Indiana Beach have changed the rules for the free fairy, you must get an armband to ride the fairy, no big desl. 
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give it a negative, I would.  This was the worst place I have ever stayed. First I was told they upgraded my room.  I'd hate to see what the original room was like.
Second, the room was gross.  It had huge stains on the floor, it was hot and I couldn't reach the air conditioner to cool it down any.  Third, The water smelled like boiled eggs.  Fourth, I tried the "wifi".  It connected for about 10 minutes...that was it.  Fifth, The ad for their rooms shows that it's on the water...not.  
I've lost count... there was no water pressure in the shower.  When I spoke with the owners (?) they were unsympathetic and didn't even offer any type of compensation.  All I wanted to do was to sit out by the water, in peace and quiet, that didn't happen.
Rating: 1
Text: The apartment was dirty. The sheet for the futon had something brown and crusty on it. Used wash cloths were left in the shower. The refrigerator had blood in the bottom of it, it smelled awful making the whole place smell once it was opened. We cut our trip short because of this and staff didn't seem to care. Waste of money. 
Rating: 2
Text: We've been here 3 times and it's time to upgrade the place, the first time we were able to ride the ferry over to Indiana beach for free but hats been changed, not the property fault, the place is a nice getaway just needs upgrades, cleaner looking toilet and shower, and the people over seeing the property shouldn't sit and take over the tables and chairs in front of cottage 1
