Plaza Inn
Rating: 3
Text: We didn't expect too much, just a place to crash. The person who checked us in tried to demand that my husband get me out of the car, since I made the reservation  (I am disabled and use a wheelchair to get around) then told us that we should have "called ahead" if we needed an accessible room. Nowhere in the booking information did it say to do this. I also included a note in our reservation that we needed an accessible room. After some run around (the place was empty, only two other cars in the whole complex) we were assigned a room which I could reach, but it still had a step to get into the room itself. 
After we settled in we realized that the room did not have cold water. Even the toilet was filed with hot water. My husband and son went to try another room, the whole line of rooms I could reach were all hot water only. They were let into another room across the way to shower, but I could not because all those rooms are up a large flight of stairs. There were dead roaches in every room they went into. 
To the manager's credit they refunded half the cost to make up for the conditions. 
It's not fancy but it's a place to sleep.
Rating: 1
Text: Roach climbing on wall. Furniture is old, and scratched. Ugly everything.  Wall peeling in bathroom. Floor looked unclean. Bed very close to mirrored closet. Old outdated electrical outlets. No coffee pot. 1 plastic cup. Bed was comfortable but smelled. Room was quiet.
Rating: 3
Text: The employee at the front desk was very friendly and helpful. The room was very modest. The beds were pretty comfortable and clean. The room was clean except the bathroom area had something on the walls that resembled blood smears. It was slight but I noticed. The cost was reasonable for the room I had.
Rating: 2
Text: The price for the room is not bad but they told us we could not rent the rooms anymore because we have a service dog. We rent by the month. He threatened to call the police because of our service dog. And he forced his way into our room with the cause of the he needs to look at the air conditioning.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff is very polite. Yet, I felt like I was the only customer there. Prices are definitely worth it. Flat screen TVs too! I would recommend. It is nothing fancy though.
