Plaza Inn Motel
Rating: 3
Text: Nice to have close to travel stop 
And laundry. 
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here while on a weekend outing. Check in at the gas station made me a bit nervous but I was pleased to hear that we had reserved their last room and many without reservations had to be turned away. 

Some of my party was uneasy about the exterior; a sort of corrugated steel normally associated with storage. 

However the attendant who gave us our keys (real metal keys, a rarity anymore) said that the owner had sent his wife for construction supplies and she'd come back having spent far more than he intended. 

Inside the rooms it shows. This motel is nicer than most hotels I've stayed in. We paid $60 for a one night stay and our room was nicer than rooms I've paid more than twice as much for. Flat screen tv, microwave, coffee maker, mini fridge, etc. The real shine of the rooms though is that they are immaculately clean, have a modern styling. Stainless steel bathroom accents and lots of attractive tile. Dark wood furniture. Two very comfortable queen size beds. A full length mirror. Shelving space, beyond the furniture drawers that could hold far more luggage than you'll bring. 

Whereas most hotel bathrooms are cramped this motel has a spacious bathroom with vanity lights (appreciated when putting on make up I'm told) and a tasteful porcelain skin. 

The bedroom is larger than most two bed rooms. 

Whereas at many motels one gets the sense that a decent place had been built 20+ years ago and no money for maintenance, repairs, or updates had been spent since at the plaza inn motel the feel is the opposite. It's as though they built rooms for a slightly upscale hotel. We only used one of the beds but the room is easily worth twice that especially if you have both beds in use. 

At $60/night one hopes for a clean bed and clean room and little else. These rooms offer that and far far more. 

Plus, on top of the complimentary coffee maker and ground in the room when we opted instead to purchase a coffee from the nearby gas station we were pleasantly surprised to find that the coffees were free as they're included in the price of the room. 
I really would recommend staying here. Don't be surprised if they raise their rates because the rooms are worth it.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean awesome rooms Convenience Store and restaurant next door laundromat and liquor store adjoining the motel.
Rating: 5
Text: Inexpensive rooms, clean, up to date, restaurant, bar, gas station right here.
Rating: 4
Text: 
