Pleasant View RV Resort
Rating: 1
Text: Nice enough campground.  Probably the laziest and rudest management I have ever seen at a campground.  If you stay here be prepared to feel like you are constantly a hastle and/or intruding for being here.  Don't expect even the minimum level of customer service.
Rating: 4
Text: The pool is beautiful! The large fishing pond has fish. We caught a few nice bass. Plenty of trees for shade. A rather large campgrounds. Plenty of pets and golf carts at the location. Park seems to have a lot of regulars that have been here for years. They do cruise the park in golf carts around and around and around, it's all night long ?? Not sure why , guess it's fun? They didn't drive fast or crazy ...  Front desk workers are not very smart or friendly.  Overall ok experience. 
Rating: 5
Text: Really nice. Friendly staff. Pullin spots did not have sewer. I believe some of the backup sites do. I have seen some bad reviews on this place. I didn't see anything wrong with it. Campsites were wide and well shaded with a fire pit and tables. There was a nice pond right across from our site. It was nice and quiet come nightfall. They had a nice swimming pool and playground for the kids. I saw a lot of golf carts and bicycles.  Gate is kept closed and opened only for entering and exiting. We will consider staying here again. Thanks for an enjoyable evening 
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this place no stars I would. First off the restrooms are disgusting. Probably have never cleaned them the "game room" reeks of stale cigarette smoke the "store" has barely anything. And to top it off the office workers are the most disrespectful disgusting people EVER! And talking to the owners like speaking to a brick wall. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY. AWFUL
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT CAMP HERE! The staff is terribly rude. I had scheduled a weekend in the cabins and due to a family emergency was unable to make our reservation. I called Thursday to cancel (check-in was Friday), was strung around for days, was told that we could reschedule, and once I called back to reschedule they wouldn't allow me! They don't return calls or emails. I'm not sure how or why they are stI'll in business. This place stole almost $600 from us. They are absolutely terrible people.
