Point Randall Resort
Rating: 4
Text: It is a great place for the family to come relax and have fun.  There are things to do in town but we spend our time at the resort.  The kids have never said they are bored.  We have been coming here for over 20 years.  We all look forward to it every year.  We have made so many great memories here!
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place.  Great family atmosphere.  We have been going here for years.  Reserve well in advance for major holidays.
Rating: 5
Text: What an absolutely wonderful resort, in a beautiful setting, operated by the nicest people you ever want to meet, all on the Lake of the Ozarks!

Michael and Paulette own and run this gem on the lake and they are as down to earth and accommodating as you will ever find anywhere!

They offer a variety of cabins, cottages and suites with various numbers of bedrooms and bathrooms. Our neighbors had a great stone fireplace in theirs! I greatly enjoyed the balcony facing the lake-a beautiful view.

Point Randall Resort has a boat launch ramp, a real good sized fishing dock, plus several multi-slip floating boat docks. Their marina offers boat and wave runner rentals, kayak and paddleboard rentals, a store (with beer!), and gasoline. I'm sure there's more I've missed!

Both their heated pool and hot tub are in great shape and easy to enjoy. Was fun socializing around the pool!

They have plenty of parking and space for your own boat or wave runner trailers too. 

I liked Point Randall Resort and Michael and Paulette so much, I'm going to do my best to visit twice next year!

Oh, did I mention they are only 2 miles from Bagnell Dam? The action of the strip is close by!
Rating: 5
Text: This has to be the best resort on the lake. Mike and Paulette do a great job of making you welcome and comfortable. My son and I spent a week here and enjoyed every minute. Fishing was great and with the resort on a cove the major boat traffic isn't a problem. Room was comfortable and clean. Bed was extremely. Comfortable.  5 stars to a couple who operate a great resort. We do plan on returning.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful cabin. Outstanding waterfront access. Incredibly friendly service. Loved all the amenities.
