Prairie Lodge Motel
Rating: 4
Text: We found the Prairie Lodge easily.  We had called ahead to reserve a room with a single bed and a pack-and-play for our 3-month-old baby.  We got there, and as the sign on the office door instructed (it was in the evening and the manager wasn't there), called the owner.  She directed us to our room, which, sure enough had a key in the door waiting for us, and the pack-and-play already assembled.  Top-notch service.

The setting was peaceful.  The cabins each seem to have one or two rooms in them.  The whole place was one of the quieter hotel experiences I've had, and I slept well.

The room itself felt somewhat cramped, but was usable.  There was a double bed, two chairs, the pack-and-play, a closet and bathroom.  All you need, really.  A mini fridge, microwave, and TV were also present.  Wifi was available, but somewhat flaky.

Overall, I don't think I've ever stayed in a 50s motel that was so well-kept.  Everything was clean and well-maintained.  I'd stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome place in a wonderful town. Nice and quiet with comfortable beds and lots to do close by. The owner is a great person and so kind. I hope all good people passing through or by Council Grove stay at least one night to enjoy the best mid-western hospitality has to offer.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice retro motel. Very nice owner operator.  Old school + wifi.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean and comfortable. Friendly and helpful staff. The rooms are a bit dated but in a retro way. Nice place. 
Rating: 5
Text: Quaint, Charming, Homie
This is a cabin style motel. The owners have remodelled from the 50's. A nice departure from the chain style hotel. The owner was super helpful, friendly and accommodating !!  
Loved the mini-apartment style cabin/motel rooms. Felt like I was hanging out with friends at home!  Beds were very comfortable - modern heating/cooling units. They have done some nice updates and keep the rooms clean and well appointed !!  
unique, quaint, friendly, small town charm !! 


