Prairie Meadows Casino, Racetrack, & Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: Very accommodating. Large smoking and non smoking table areas. Extremely nice front desk that went out of their way to help me. Drinks aren't free. Free breakfast buffet every morning. I won a free dinner buffet that was good. Won a free steakhouse meal that was excellent. Good rewards program so get a players card. They even have a few smoking rooms. Very nice place. Only miss 1 star because you're only allowed 2 doubles a day. Pit boss prints out 2 free drinks a day though. I would highly recommend and will be back.
Rating: 5
Text: We had an awesome experience staying, eating and playing over the weekend. From the easy check-in to retrieving new players cards at kiosk and then the helpful staff (Kelvin on casino floor knows it all!). The bartenders were friendly, maybe another one at each station be helpful for the long lines. Rosie at Triple Crown Buffet was very pleasant to be almost first person to see in the mornings. Restaurant manager (can't remember his name)at the Cafe was soooo informative and yes, the ribs were delicious. 
Just an overall great experience! Thank you and we'll definitely be back.
Rating: 3
Text: The slot machines did not seem to be "the loosest in Iowa" at ALL! They have done a lot of remodeling and the place looks fabulous inside now with plenty of eating options and plenty of room for people to congregate and hoat social events for example, but there is only ONE self-serve pop machine on the whole gaming floor! I find this one of the most annoying things ever! It would be awesome if you could order drinks from your chair while you play like you can at some of the other bigger casinos- it's such a great feature and super convenient! When you really would actually like a beverage (as it seems you are only asked when you just sit down with one you just retrieved yourself) nobody is in sight! Overall, this is a fun place to go and get out and about. I just would really like to see some more customer oriented conveniences next time, or at least have ideas or new methods of "making the customer feel as if they are top of the world" (esp as a lot of them SPEND enough to feel like it during their visit!) be somewhat discussed by the board and maybe in the works sometime soon! :-)
Rating: 2
Text: The employee's are very nice. But,  the pay outs are about 1/5 of Las Vegas  payouts & their machines are geared to let you win less money & fewer times than Nevada's. So,  if you want to go out & throw your money away?  Then by all mean,  go to this casino. 
But, if you're are like me. & you prefer to have at least a chance to win? 

DON'T GO THERE!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Nice layover point between SD and Oh. Wide pick of slots and some table games. Deli grill nice selection of food. Service very  good.
