Prairie Creek Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Such a unique and beautiful B&B! We stayed one night at the historic Leavitt House in the Inspiration Pointe Room. I so wish we could stay a week! I can imagine coming here to write. It was so peaceful and dreamy sitting at the desk with a view of the prairie. Felt like miles away from civilization (but only a few minutes away from Lincoln). Our room was very comfortable (we added the private bathroom option) and very lovely. At sunset, my husband & I walked on the prairie and to the lake. It was a weeknight and we were the only ones around. The weather (end of September) was just wonderful! In the morning Bruce & Maureen made us breakfast, it was a very nice biscuits & gravy, eggs and fresh fruit. I loved staying here, and highly recommend this place. And make sure to ask the owners about moving the house (they actually moved the house from another location!)
Rating: 3
Text: The venue itself is very nice, however, I had an uncomfortable experience parking. I followed the parking signs around the loop behind the house, but there were no spots open in the main parking area. I continued to follow the parking signs and found an open spot along the driveway. As I was getting out, Bruce comes running over and tells me I need to park behind the house. I told him I looked there and didn't see any spots. I drove back around and he was waiting there and told me to park behind two other vehicles. With the trees in the area there is no way either of the other cars could have got out unless I moved. I expressed to him that I was uncomfortable parking people in. He got very snippy and basically told me I had to park there. 
It was a very awkward experience.
Rating: 5
Text: The cottage was great. Very rustic. Not too far from Lincoln, but still tucked away. Amazing property to visit. Bruce and Maureen are excellent hosts!
Rating: 3
Text: Friendly innkeeper.  Clean rooms.  Beautiful grand piano which we were allowed to play.  Nice grounds to walk on.  
We stayed in homestead  room.  Bed full size. Soft and a bit squeaky.   Private bath.  Interesting bathtub with vintage fixtures.  It is a little slick so use the bathtub mat. 
Breakfast adequate, middle of the road for bed and breakfast.  Nice selection of tea.  Coffee fair. 
Convenient location. It was nice for our family event.   Enjoyed visiting in the basement.   The fireplace fan was loud.  We turned it off to hear each other. 
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely stunning place to visit and stay.
