Prestige Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed here for a weekend while visiting my son at Purdue. Wanted to stay close to the University but didn't want to pay $260 plus a night at Hilton Garden Inn or Hampton Inn by Wabash Landing. For $98 a night (stayed on home football game weekend)...Prestige Inn was basic motel for me to sleep and shower.  Rooms are small and older but have been renovated or in process of.  Rooms seem very clean which made me happy.  Shower water pressure amazing! Bed was okay...not the most comfortable but I wasn't expecting top notch. The room we had was one queen....and carpet looked newer.  TV included many channels including  HBO.  Basic breakfast included cold cereal and packaged muffin/pastries, coffee, orange juice.  Only complaints are I couldn't get our WiFi to work, no refrigerator/microwave in rooms. Manager friendly upon checking in.  There is an ice machine and pop  machine on property.   All in all.....location good if you need close to University and don't want to spend fortune.  ?
Rating: 3
Text: It's a 2-star hotel at a low price. I have stayed many times in many rooms and all have been clean and comfortable. Some rooms are nice, for a 2-star hotel, but a few have pretty worn carpet and cracked tile, as noted in other reviews. The pool has never been filled for years. The owners are nice folks. The breakfast is only good for orange juice (in a gallon jug) and cereal, in my opinion, but they have some packaged muffins or something. The apartment complex behind the hotel is sketchy, but I've never had any problems. It is darker back there, so you can ask for a room that faces route 52, if that's a concern. I recommend it to friends, but my wife won't.
Rating: 5
Text: Affordable and clean. Everything in place, one the best motels I've stayed at in years. With a convenient location.
Rating: 4
Text: I did not call before i came to town for a deployment luckly this hotel had a room for me ?.Customer service is the best ?, price is great for the area, and I couldn't be more pleased.????
Rating: 3
Text: It was a great accommodation for my stay period. I am sure that if I had to stay more, I would choose the same Inn. The price was reasonable and the room was clean. It also has a complementary breakfast that in my case helped a lot.
