Pulltite Campground
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice campground. We were some of the first to stay after the flooding this year and it was still a great experience. The little store has most everything you might need and the owner lady is awesome. The 2 volunteer park rangers were so nice and even let us borrow a pan as we had lost ours in a swim.... Great campground!
Rating: 5
Text: Nice, tidy friendly campground. Park rangers available. Beautiful river, good floating. Racoons are not shy there. Keep your food locked up. They will get in your cooler!  Would go back for sure.
Rating: 3
Text: My husband and I joined our friends and local kayaking group on a trip down the current river. We stayed this past labor day weekend. Let me just say the ease of this campsite was refreshing! The trip from Texas took longer than we expected and we got to the site long after the sun went down. Our site was labeled brightly so we could find it and was large enough to fit our two tents, truck and trailer. 

I was a little dissapointed that there was no Wi-Fi when the site was advertised with it since there was absolutely no service to make phone calls back home. 

The bathrooms with showers were pretty amazing after the 13mile paddle down river. 

My only complaints are: the $75 dollar charge for someone to bring our own vehicle back down from put in on the river to the campground and the amount of idiots on the river.
Rating: 4
Text: This campground is in the middle of no-where (no cell service), but is an excellent spot if you want to float. We rode in a bus upriver and then floated down 11 miles back to the campground. Overall, this campground is ok. It was crowded, often with many people on one campsite. There are group sites, as well. Our site had trash from the previous campers, which is disappointing. Also, the raccoon situation is out of control! The tenters across from us had a raccoon open their tent and get into their food. The hosts of the campground told us to lock everything, because the raccoons can easily get into anything that isn't locked. Only one other RV there. No dump station and no hookups. Rangers were very friendly.
Rating: 4
Text: This is a solid clean federal campground next to a great river.  It is very remote.  It is a big party on the weekend.  This campground and the river is heavily patrolled.
