Purdue Village
Rating: 1
Text: My only good experience is that the maintenance is quick to respond. However, it's sad that I know them so well because we had to contact them seemingly every 2 weeks, and many of the problems with this place were beyond their control! Poor living conditions; we had an air quality test done, and the carbon dioxide levels in the unit were 5 times higher than the recommended limit. There are also high levels of mold in the units(growing from the tile, side walls, AC boxes, and ceiling), because of the poor circulation, which kept our entire family sick. They recommend running the bathroom fan when showering and keeping the windows open to help maintain the mold. -__- Just imagine how wintertime! They're extremely old, so we received a warning about the potential for lead paint exposure when moving in, which was scary when considering the harm that could be caused to a child. Our water from faucets in the tub and sink came out dark yellow several times! We had an ant problem, several large spiders and other bugs that maintenance couldn't seem to keep control of. We had to vacate the apartment several times for them to come spray insecticides! The washer and dryers are also extremely old, and broke down on us several times. This place is a nightmare, and administration could care less, which is sad!!! Our last complaints were ignored by the director of housing. Purdue should be ashamed of themselves for not investing more into their graduate family housing, especially when considering how well other schools in the Big Ten accommodate their graduate students. Michigan is just one example! It's obvious that most of the residents are Asian, or other international students who are unaware of how harsh the living conditions are when moving they arrive here, and are just happy to have a community to live in once they get here... again, because most of the students there are international students. The administration knows this as well, and it's obvious in how disgraceful the place is. PLEASE DON'T MOVE HERE, ESPECIALLY IF YOU HAVE CHILDREN! :(
Rating: 4
Text: Purdue Village apartments aren't the best apartments in the world but they are very affordable and definitely worth it for married couples. I've been living here for a year and renewed my contract for another year. Everything is included in the rent and we do not have to pay anything for cable and internet (which is pretty reliable). It is very close to campus and there are multiple bus routes that go from Purdue Village to campus, which is very convenient. In general, I am very satisfied with my life at Purdue Village. It is a peaceful, quite place to live in.
Rating: 1
Text: This is the worst renting experience I've ever had. Administration knows that the apartments are in terrible condition, but they don't care. They will ignore your emails unless you continue annoying them with more.  Their maintenance is poor. Every fix is just another way to prolonge the bigger problem for another week or two.  Our building has a major ant problem. All they did was place a few cheap traps.  That only helped for about 3 weeks.  The paint literally falls off the walls, so be careful.  We have found paint chips in our dishes and because it falls into them from the cabinet. The surrounding area is gross, so we never open our blinds, especially since they cut all the trees down around our building.  The ceiling is paper thin, so you hear everything your neighbors do.  Our upstairs neighbor has a kid that likes to throw tantrums all the time. He might as well be standing in our bedroom, it's so loud. Laundry room and hallways are disgusting.  
Also, our bath water runs dark yellow. It looks like sometime took a p*** in the tub.  They won't fix it. 
When we moved here, there was no internet connection at all for about a month.  They pretty much told us to suck it up. 
All the walls are plaster and metal.  Don't expect to hang anything. It won't happen.  Temporary wall stickies for hooks don't adhere. 
Also, black mold everywhere in the bathroom. 
They are terrible about cleaning the apartments before move in.  Our floors were sticky and dirty. I had to mop because it turned out feet black. 

Do NOT live here!! Pay the extra to live in a nearby apartment complex. 

I don't know why these buildings haven't been torn down yet.
Rating: 3
Text: Your neighbors can make or break your stay here, like any apartment. I stayed here in 2007-2008 school year. It was nice enough for my purpose. There is a really nice park in the village area. Also a few fast food places just across state street. You can walk up to horticulture park in a few minutes for a nice adventure. 
Rating: 5
Text: It has very friendly and freely atmosphere. good place for most of students
