Put in Bay Condos
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice place and clean. I would highly recommend! Only 5 minutes or so to Miller Ferry or Jet Express. The two story with a view of the lake was great for our party of 9 people. Check in and access was easy. The major downside was that the elevator wasn't working. 
Rating: 1
Text: This is the worst establishment I have ever had the displeasure of staying at. Management is incredibly rude and shady. They would not provide a copy of our signed contract at our request. They are crooks and will take your entire security deposit with no reasoning or documentation. Nothing in our hotel was damaged. There was no shower supplies and no one cleaned our rooms. Internet does not connect either. Do not stay here. It is horrible.
Rating: 5
Text: This is by far the best place to stay on the island! The condos are brand new and beautifully designed. I loved sitting on the patio and overlooking the lake. The staff is amazing, the pool is clean, and the condos are spacious and modern. I highly recommend this when visiting PIB!
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice view of the lake. The place was recently remodeled and everything looked nice. 5 bedrooms and 3 full baths. Living room was good size with big screen TV with almost all channels. Kitchen was nice and equipped with knives, cups, and pots and pans. They have a nice swimming pool outside but we didn't go because it was too cold, it would have been nice if it was heated. They also have a bunch of grills outside with plenty of tables which my family used several times. Overall, we were very happy with it stay.
Rating: 5
Text: The condo was very nice. When I checked in they didn't give me much info about the place, like location (it's over by the airport and no signage that put-in-bay condos were down this road), and wifi password ( had to call the front desk) no biggie but info that should be given ahead of time, no extra trash bags ( six people build up quite a bit of trash in a few days stay). The condo is beautiful and the kitchen is very clean, and having two bathrooms was perfect!
