Put-in-Bay Resort & Conference Center
Rating: 2
Text: When i pay 140 bucks a night and plan on having a relaxing vacating i expect basic amenities. Like a functioning TV and a TP roll holder that doesn't fall off the wall. Seriously, the "handyman" came into my room 3 times to fix the toilet paper roll holder, spent over an hour and STILL didn't get it to stay on the wall. Management treated me and my family like we were a bunch of partying frat boys, the lobby was filed with laundry to be folded, the whole thing pretty unprofessional. 2 stars because the hot tub was pretty nice.
Rating: 5
Text: We are on the island often! When we don't bring our boat we always stay at the Put In Bay resort! The staff is amazing! They are always willing to help. Our room is always clean and they are definitely the most updated on the island. The pool is awesome and the bar staff handles large crowds like it's a slow day! Love how close it's is to downtown but yet far enough away to not hear everything!
Rating: 3
Text: Room was spacious and beds were comfortable.  There was ripped linen on one of the beds, the tv remotes did not work right, and the drain in the shower was not staying open.  Staff was quick to respond, but could not get the drain fixed.  We had to shower with a wash cloth holding the drain open. Pool was excellent. Hot tub looked great, but we didn't get in, it was an 80 degree day. Golf cart kept backfiring and was a little bit loud.  It was right at 250 for the night for a six person room with the Golf cart.  There was a nice continental breakfast,  but all of the resorts they own use one dining area, so it does get very crowded.  Check in staff was abrupt and not very knowledgeable.   Checkout staff was friendly and accommodating.  
Rating: 3
Text: WiFi did not work the entire two nights we stayed there. Nice place otherwise and staff was very friendly. Breakfast was good nothing special though. This place is like a holiday inn or best western.. average nice hotel.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff was amazing! They we're really helpful and accommodating. The rooms was decent but really gross! We found someone's eyelashes that didn't belong to anyone in the suite on our comforter, the sheets were itchy, there was a half drunk coke in our fridge when we arrived... The carpets we're stained but A++ on the black out curtains! No clue when our Continental breakfast started or ended as there was 0 info or paperwork detailing what the options we're.
