Quail Run Apartments
Rating: 4
Text: Been here for two years and never really had any major issues. Thankfully the building we are in now is mostly quiet, except when the kids are out playing which I have no problem with. 
The management are nice and call me back or answer emails in a good time. 
Only problems I do have is the amount of cigarette butts, the smelly water (which they don't have much control over), and the narrow road. 
All in all I would recommend people to live here.
Rating: 1
Text: *RENTERS BEWARE!!*

No good to say here!

unfortunatly ran into a few issues, the builders to hit a water main which flooded the street causing mud to cover the roads which wasnt cleaned up , just left for the rain to wash away weeks later and caused us residents to be without water for a day , and to be without clean water for a week and a half  
 
Parking is a bit tough unfortunatly they do not assign spots or vistor section , so if a neighbor throws a party , your parking on the street

Management sucks, they pick and choose who they want to go after, and oh boy dont you argue , because they will nit pick the hell out of you 

Had trouble with the neighbors and management not caring

For example we had terrible neighbors of which we called the police on for fighting , drug use , child endangerment and harrasment.I called the police and got retaliation. I reached out to the lease office for help but it seemed i was more or less ignored because it isnt their problem!, he eventually was evicted for non pay.

*update*- the new property management is trying to make us get rid of our dogs that we've been paying dog rent on one and the other is an emotional support! Trying to say our service dog is a pet and our pet doesnt have proper paper work which he does!this is all most likely being dome out of spite since my girlfriemd had some nasty things to say to the new manager whois on some kind of power trip!

*update* though we turned in dog paper work when we moved in they are trying to make us get rid of our dogs and are threatening violation charges and threatening court though they happily took our pet deposit and pet rent for the last 10 months!

*update! Our dogs are rehomed because of dc3 and they wont give us the full amount of our dog rent or give it back in our account they took it out of ! They are keepingit as a credit ! They are completely unreasonable!

THEY HAVE CAUSED US SO MUCH UN NEEDED STRESS AND MADE LIVING HERE A LIVING HELL!

THIS COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE! 

DC3 PROPERTIES SIMPLY DOES NOT CARE AND ONLY WANTS YOUR MONEY! 

DO NOT RENT HERE THEY WILL COME TO YOU A MPNTH AFTER YOU LEAVE WITH COMPLETELY BOGUS CHARGES SAYING THEY PRETTY MUCH HAD TO REPLACE THE WHOLE APPARTMENT ! THEY ARE MONEY HUNGRY
Rating: 1
Text: Really bad. The management is a joke. They never take you serious and never try to help you with any concerns also are very rude most of the time. The complex is awful to drive in constant construction and vehicle vandalism. Trash everywhere all over the ground and they screw you in the lease really hard. Now their is speed bumps here but cars are still parking in the street making it even harder to drive. It's a very busy road with only 1 road that has a dead end. Neighbors can smoke weed and it can go through your air vents to your apartment and nothing is done about it. I wouldn't recommend this place ever really. Everyone that lives or had lived here will say the same.
Rating: 5
Text: We been here a month and had no noise problems or anything apartments are real nice. Only problem is our shower likes to fill up with water a little bit as were showering.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is so sketchy, even though our apartment is immaculate, I know they'll keep our deposit so I'll just leave this here now. Especially because I pay $50/month for my pet and paid a non-refundable pet fee in the beginning, yet they tell me they will have to take extra out of our deposit to clean the carpets for the pet (without even seeing the carpet first, not one accident in the house in almost 3 years). So here it goes: I would not be able to recommend this place in good conscience. I've been living here for 2 1/2 years and any complaint gets dismissed immediately. I have had a lot of issues with damage to vehicles as well as people spitting and throwing cigarettes butts onto cars below, but recently I have discovered a new scratch on the hood of my car that is extremely deep to where the paint will start to peel at some point. I called the front office and of course got no answer (vey typical) and had to leave a message. I got a call back from Ashley the next day where I explained my issue and asked if they could check the security cameras to see who could have done this. She tells me that where I am situated, she probably won't be able to see anything. I told her that I can see the cameras from where my car is. Then she proceeds to tell me that she would like to be frank, and that she doesn't want to sit and go through hours of footage to try to figure it out and that if I want to have a police officer come up and go through hours of footage, I can do that. She said she didn't think it would be productive. Wouldn't you want to know who is causing vanadalism to your tenants' property? Wouldn't that be extremely productive? So I asked one last question, if I had police come out and take a look at the footage, would they be able to see my car from that distance (since she said in the beginning of the conversation that she probably wouldn't be able to see anything from where my car is at) and she tells me that she doesn't know where my car is at so she really doesn't know. I told her that I will just have to figure out what to do then, and she said "ok thanks bye" and hung up. Pretty unbelievable coming from a brand new property manager. Moral of the story is that this place has vandalism and the front office does not care. Please choose where you will be living and spending hundreds of dollars monthly at. Damage to your property is not a fun thing to wake up to and it is a regular occurrence around here. Also would like to mention that our neighbors smoke weed constantly (with a newborn baby) and the smell comes through our vents and make us light-headed. Management has been notified and have admitted that they can't really do anything about it. Not to mention cigarettes and trash everywhere throughout the apartment complex and never-ending construction. Just be as informed as you can be before you choose to live here.
