Quality Inn
Rating: 1
Text: I called and made a reservation. Told him I had a puppy. When we got to our destination. No dog allowed. Supposed to be 2 queen beds. There was 1 king. I have always gotten quality inn all last yr we traveled from Oklahoma, California. All around to Georgia, through to Missouri and back to Oklahoma. With Military and there wasn't any discount here in ROLLA,MISSOURI. SO WE ARE AT DAYS INN.
Rating: 2
Text: Manager helped me in wth luggage, did appreciate that. There are dogs in here now, so don't know what a previous poster was talking about.

Don't EVER accidentally unplug your T.V. to use that coffee maker, because you'll be S.O.L. trying to get it back on was watching Fox and Friends about the devastation in Houston. Front desk girl said "maintenance would take care of it LATER", so I hung up on her because by then I'll be out the door after breakfast, for another long drive of 14 hours.
Rating: 5
Text: Stay here often. As usual east check-in/out and reasonable rate. One great part of staying is that although check out is 11:00 am, quite easy to request extra time (hour or so) at no charge if Choice Hotels Rewards member - request at time of reservation or check in for best result. Also, requests for extra towels or toiletries always fulfilled. 24-hour Front Desk service makes it safer and they have extensive cams in/out and ensure only way to enter after 10 pm is by the Front Desk door. Several restaurants within walking distance - from Denny's to BBQ. Over a dozen within a drive of 10 min or less. Many fast food and table service options. From Thai and Chinese to steaks, wild wings, burgers, Maid Rite loose beef burgers. I'm a pizza guys & good local pizza places too! If u love thin-crust pizza try Pryor's or get pizza at Penelope's (They serve all kinds of food but inherited original recipe for another local fav pace Alex's pizza. Alex's still has good pizza just not original sauce anymore). Also famous St. Louis Style Imo's too! Many places deliver. Take the highway northeast for an amazing steakhouse - Matt's. $$$ and worth it for great steak. Hotel continental breakfast is good w/mix of hot food - eggs, sausage, bacon, biscuits & gravy, waffles, oatmeal to cold food with several cereal options, bagels along w/fruits and juices. FYI hospital with new cancer center is 5 min away so a reasonable option if u need to see friends/family who are inpatient or getting care at new (un)cancer treatment center there. Rooms are clean and ac/heat works well, WiFi is quick even in evenings. Good cell reception (I use TMobile & have great voice & data). About 90 TV channels plus HBO. Some TV's have extra HDMI for Roku/Chromecast/Fire options but all major cable plus multiple network channels (unique to area). Better TV choices than properties in many markets twice the rate. I stay about 7 times/year & choose it over the local Choice hotel suites or other properties from other chains bc it has what I need in a good location for less money. Haven't used the indoor pool but friends have and say it's clean and warm. FYI it could use a little freshening up of room decor but beds have been replaced over past couple of years with the new mix of firm and soft pillows. Extras just a front desk calll. Enjoy!
Rating: 1
Text: I was very disappointed in this place. The carpet in the room did not feel clean.  We were told the bed was a queen size. We have a queen size bed at home and this bed was NOT queen size; it was a double size bed. However, I could have easily dealt with all of that. Their check out time was 11am. No one mentioned this to us when we checked in which was after 10pm. They REFUSED to give us later than an 11:30am checkout time. I've NEVER stayed in a hotel that charges over $70 a night that wouldn't accommodate a 12pm checkout!! This really upset me that the management was so uncooperative.  We could see the managers yelling at their cleaning lady and office staff to hurry up and get things done!! Needless to say, we will NOT be staying at this Inn the next time we visit Rolla, MO, but I don't think the Managers would even care because it's obvious that customer service is NOT their priority!! 
Rating: 2
Text: The rooms were nice and comfortable but the staff was very frustrating and nosey. The breakfast was the worst out of any hotel I've ever been! The biscuits we're cold, small and hard as a rock. The gravy had a funny taste to it and was as thick as peanut butter. The eggs we're cold and dry, the sausage was burnt in a microwave and had the consistency of stale bread. We have three kids and Susan made us buy an extra room because they only allow four to a room even though on their website where we booked the room, we put all three kids and their ages in. Disappointing and expensive with the extra room. I could maybe understand if my kids were teenagers but my oldest is ten and my daughter's are six and eight so we couldn't even put the kids in one room and us in the other. It was the first time we have not slept in the same bed in years. Stay anywhere else.
