Quality Inn & Suites South/Obetz
Rating: 1
Text: If you are handicapped, like I am, you'll want to find a different hotel. There are two steps from the lobby to the rest of the hotel, so to get to your room you have to go outside, in the rain, snow, etc., and use a door that's near the middle of the building. Oh, and your room key will not unlock that door, so you have to get a staff member to open it for you. You have to do this every time you visit the lobby. 

Every. Time.

Maintenance here also seems poor. I tripped, coming in that side entrance,on a carpet edge that was torn and sticking up, the arm on the chair in my room was broken, the towel rack was falling down and there's serious mildew in the shower in my bathroom. While the room does have the advertised room safe it's bolted to the floor (in an ADA room!) so it's inaccessible to most handicapped folks. If you have a choice of any other hotel, take it!
Rating: 1
Text: I would not stay here. I stayed and was double charged for my room. I was told it was due to damages. I have never damaged a room and travel frequently. I traveled with a group and another person in my group also stayed at hotel and was also double charged. I have contacted the hotel manager and asked to provide a list of damages and pictures. I still have not received anything.  Never again and I have also notified my company not to do business with this hotel. This is rediculous. If I damaged the room which I did not I would take responsibility and not dispute the charge.
Rating: 5
Text: The stay was great for the price.  The room/bathroom was clean, and the bed/linens were clean.  We pulled the couch bed out and you can tell it hadn't been used in quite a while so we didn't use it either!  The only "issue" we had was that our room had an odd smell when we arrived.  After a few mins, we realized there were 4 "stink bugs" in the room near the window! (which could've been why the room had an odd smell)  I had to catch them in a bag and put them in the garbage can by the elevator.  Not sure how they got in the room, but we assume it had to be thru the air conditioning unit.  Other than that, our stay was great!  We come to the Columbus area for youth basketball tournaments often, so we'll definitely stay here again...
Rating: 4
Text: Decent place, nice price. Quiet place, our bed was comfortable, and our room was clean. I recommend staying here if you're in the area.
Rating: 2
Text: The staff seem not to care much about fixing anything. Saturday Sep 16th, while my husband was checking in I went to to the restroom to relive my self and it was out of order with a sign saying use the restroom in workout room. Go to the workout room and there's a line. Why would you book a party in your banquet room and not have a handy man or custodial person onsite? Got to the room and there was dog hair all over the beds and on the floor in between the beds. My husband requested a set of sheets to change the beds. As we were changing the sheets we noticed blood on the comforter. They replaced both comforters as well. The room was missing an iron and board which they never replaced while we were there after they said they would. Not to mention the knocking on the door from housekeeping at 9 am when checkout isn't until 11am.
