Quality Inn & Suites South
Rating: 5
Text: AWESOME STAY!!  It was one of the BEST "Taking care of Me" Staycation I've had in a long time!!  Loved the variety of the continental breakfast!!  Everyone was really nice and helpful!!  They even had change for the laundry washer and dryer for me so I had clothes to wear for work!!  And they didn't bother me once as I had the Do Not Disturb sign up the whole weekend!!  Will definitely be back!!  Thanks to all the staff for being so pleasant and awesome!!
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed at this hotel this past week and had an encounter w/ bed bugs. Not only did they bite me and I informed the front desk, the way they handled the situation was totally unprofessional. I took pictures, captured videos, and took it a step farther (because they needed more proof) and brought the actual bed bug down stairs in a cup to the front desk. Once again I was told they would have to investigate and there was nothing they could do. They had the audacity to threaten to call the police because I was so irate. At the end of it all I wasn’t offered a refund or anything. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL?
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here for one night, checking in after midnight, and the hotel was incredibly accommodating after hearing how we rejected the Motel 6 just a block away. Mia, the receptionist, was amazing! She was very nice and helpful. She made sure we knew where to park since we had a trailor attached. She assisted with a pullaway bed for one of our rooms. Overall, I would make an effort to stay here again on our next business trip to Chicago.
Rating: 5
Text: Had a great stay there. Made reservations from home with no problem. Breakfast was good, hot also had a variety will return and recommend to others we had 4 families stay for a family reunion and the service was great. Thanks for everything.  Enjoyed my stay. 
Rating: 2
Text: The young girl making them desk was overwhelmed by the number of people coming in, bit she was less than helpful. When she did finally get a chance to check me in, my keys failed to work six times. When she finally went to the room with me, she opened the door and walked away without an apology or anything. When I finally got into bed the sheets felt as if they had been starched. Not a great stay.
