Quality Inn University
Rating: 4
Text: Good location, nicely decorated rooms. The bed was firm but not hard. We bring our own pillows so can't comment on those provided. The lighting was good throughout. The only thing with the bathroom is the lack of counter space for toiletries. Especially since there's no water tank on the toilet, that's one less place to put things. The breakfast had good choices, but the best thing about it was Mary. She's a gem and taking care of the guests is her #1 priority. Check-in was speedy, but the young man working the front desk mumbled a lot and I had to ask him to repeat himself several times. Check-out was great. The young man that morning had a great attitude and was very friendly.We would stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: The front staff was amazing. The room was clean but very warm even though the temperature is set by the hotel and we were able to turn the vent on it didn't help. I was jumping out of bed and cut my foot open on a metal bed frame that was hanging out  from under the wooden box. It really hurt and actually still hurts. They said they would do a point discount when the front desk clerk saw the bar sticking out from the bed and he was kind enough to bring me band aids . We we're in room 245.  Mary at breakfast was wonderful and was super helpful. The eggs and. Sausage were awesome. The staff made this place incredible. Can you guys please invest in the syfi channel ???
Rating: 1
Text: Dirty, moldy and musty!  Will not be staying here again. The management at this hotel was confrontational and did not seem to care that their hotel was filthy! After about 20 minutes of being inside I started to have some difficulty breathing. I checked out early and went to a different hotel! Rooms had bugs, food, and mold in them, many of the bathrooms backed up! Not a pleasant experience to say the least.  Run away as fast as you can and don't look back!  The best part about this hotel was checking out!
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed for 3 nights for a tournament in the area. Pool area was outdated with most of the game machines broken. Bar was out of use. Bathrooms in most rooms did not work correctly or barely at all. The breakfast was terrible. We asked for a upgrade & could not get one. The best thing about this hotel was the lobby & some of the staff. Would not stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: It takes a lot of effort for a Quality Inn to receive a 5 star review. That said, I have been traveling on the road for four years staying in hotels 16 days per month. These hotels range from basic motels to Hilton Resorts, and this is the first time I have felt the need to leave a review. The rooms here are adequate; I would say one step above the average Quality Inn. I even had issues with the AC not working properly. However, the quality of this place lies in the simple text message system, and the gentlemen working the front desk. The responses are quick, and the men are courteous and fast to help with anything. I sent a text asking if it were possible to get a fan, and within a matter of minutes I had a box fan at my door with apologies and offers to have maintenance check the AC. I stay in Hilton Garden Inns most nights, and Marriotts are also common. So, I dread seeing a La Quinta or Quality Inn when they occasionally appear on my itinerary. This time, I wouldn't have chose any other location. I don't believe it is worth the energy to write these reviews, but this time I believe they earned it. Keep up the good hospitality.
