Quality Inn & Suites Des Moines Airport
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed in room 107 on 8/26-27 .If I could give 0 stars I would my husband and our daughter stayed at this hotel upon entering the back their were people loitering around drinking beer in the way of the walk way I thought maybe they are just outside getting fresh air. We walked inside and the hall way smelled like cigarettes and old smoke. We got into the room it was nice and clean or at least that's what I thought . We took showers and left for an event we originally came to Iowa for once we got back the same people were sitting outside at this point I'm thinking maybe they are workers take a break but not smoking marijuana once again we had to maneuver our way through the side to get to the entry finally we get ourselves settled for a good night sleep. I noticed turning on the light their were a lot of spider webs on the later cover so I immediately got a wipe and wiped it down. While trying to sleep I kept feeling something bite me I'm scratching and scratching at this point I'm thinking maybe I didn't shower good enough so I went and took another shower to get better results of sleep. Once I got out the shower I shined the light on the bed to check for any bugs at this point I didn't see nothing so I laid back down a hour later I felt the itch again at this point I'm frustrated because I have to be up early and I'm not getting a good grade of sleep. I woke my husband up to let him know something is biting me. I put my clothes on and I sat in the chair until it was time for me to go back home. Now that I'm home and I've showered I have big bumps and bite marks bruises my ear is swollen looks like something just ate on my shoulder and ear until it was full . My husband has the same marks on his back as well . We will never recommend this hotel. It needs to be renovated and remodeled.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed at the Quality Inn for two nights last weekend by the Des Moines Airport. The rooms were nice and the staff was exceptional, especially Melissa at the front desk. She was very helpful and even checked with us after we got to our room to make sure everything was okay. I was very impressed with her professionalism. Great job!
Rating: 5
Text: Quality inn is a great place to stay. Rooms are very clean, continental breakfast a is amazing. Owners and staff are wonderful. This is your place for comfort
Rating: 4
Text: Didn't stay overnight. Was in town with a group for charity event and they stayed there. I was just there briefly before we went out to eat. Looked like decent accommodations.
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed here for four nights during a tournament we were attending. I had issues with some people in my group reservation and the manager helped me immensely! He was very quick to get with me and find a solution. The staff was very friendly and understanding. We had no problems during our stay here.
