Quality Inn Milan-Sandusky
Rating: 5
Text: The king suite is awesome! Nice and roomy and the king size bed is super comfortable. The service has been great from the moment we walked in to check in down to simply asking for a razor because I forgot mine. For the price, I am very happy with everything. It was much cheaper than all of the other hotels around Cedar Point.
The only complaint I do have is that the other tenants here aren't exactly parenting their children and they're running around screaming like little asshats being really disrespectful and whatnot. If it weren't for that, I'd be completely relaxed.
Rating: 3
Text: I'm a little bit of a clean freak, but have had some good luck at Quality Inns and we appreciate the value. But here, had we been staying longer, I would have found somewhere else. We got there very late one night and found toilet paper in the toilet. I found several long hairs in the bathroom, and dust on places that routinely get missed when staff is not careful, like the tops of light switch covers. I gave the bathroom a good cleaning with Lysol wipes or I couldn't have stayed. I was relieved that the bed linens did, in fact, appear clean and fresh. The lady working the counter when we arrived was VERY pleasant and kind. Since it was well after midnight and we were exhausted, I didn't raise a fuss, but I wouldn't stay there again.
Rating: 4
Text: My boyfriend and I were just looking for somewhere to sleep, swim and eat breakfast after a long day at Cedar Point. We checked in around 11pm after a long day at the park and check in was a breeze. The lobby is nice, no elevator though. Our room was ok, I would have preferred a new roll of toilet paper in the bathroom and all light bulbs working, but for the deal we got and only being there 10 hours, I can't complain. The pool was still open at 11:30pm, which was awesome! We were exhausted after walking the park all day, so we were happy to relax in the jacuzzi! The bed and pillows in the room were very comfortable and the noise level was low, so comfy sleeping. I have to say the breakfast was great! I love a hot breakfast and this one was good! Biscuits and gravy, eggs, sausage, Belgian waffles and the regular bread and cereals. Very clean and well kept! Overall, if I was staying one night I would def stay here again??
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean and very roomy. We had a King/Double room. Bed and pillows soft. Cozy comforter. Amazing continental breakfast. (Full buffet!!!). Only downside-- no shower curtain. Spoke with desk in morning and they said they take them down to wash periodically. Forgotten apparently to get one back up. They would have brought one up but it was so late, I didn't go down to ask. 

All staff were friendly. Thanks for a pleasant place.
 
Rating: 5
Text: We just really enjoyed the time there! Housekeeping did a great job on sprucing up the room while gone for the day. Service at desk was really great too!! Will be going back next year for sure. The pool is a great bonus!
