Quality Inn & Suites Chesterfield Village
Rating: 5
Text: Super nice and helpful staff. A very convenient area, with shops and restaurants in the same "village." Big, clean, comfy room. Plenty of towels. They have recycling, so please don't throw plastic and paper into the trash. The front desk staff is superb and truly know the meaning of hospitality. For the price, I wasn't expecting much, and I was very impressed with the whole experience. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.
Rating: 3
Text: Tried to charge us $50 more than our reservation was for. Tried to tell us it was because of taxes and I said $50 for taxes? He then looked again an said I thought it was for 2 beds. I think he was trying to pull a fast one on us because the keys were right there with the room number on the envelope. Makes me think it's a cheap hotel when the maids leave an envelope for tips. They used caulking for grout on some of the floor tile. Sink faucet so close that you can hardly get your hands under far enough to wash them. Mattress was too hard and desk chair broken.
Rating: 1
Text: I have never stayed in this hotel and likely ! I recently booked a room through booking for May 2018 I wanted to book early as it's a trip for my kids birthday... I was not supposed to be charged however I was charged... the room was supposed to $63 a night my card was charged for $148.85... had I not clearly marked do not charge card pay cash at visit this would not be an issue however instead my account was charged, when I called they told me it was booking who charged the card so I called booking and they said no it was the hotel, the lady at booking and the hotel spoke and she agreed to refund the charge. When I got the confirmation of the cancellation there was supposed to be nothing charged for cancelling. I've also checked with my card company and know for a fact the hotel is who charged the card and not booking! With that said I'm waiting to see what happens but as of right now the refund appears to be 3 cents... if this changes I will update this BUT A WORD OF WARNING DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR CARD NUMBER AND ASK TO PAY ON ARRIVAL BECAUSE YOU WILL BE CHARGED! Now my daughter's birthday trip is having to be replanned so I can get a hotel that won't charge my card 8 months in advance!!! PLEASE BE CAUTIOUS!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Good size room.  Clean and comfortable. Warm and friendly staff. No elevator so 4star.
Rating: 5
Text: The room is very spacious.  Walk in shower was very nice.  The bed was extremely comfortable - we both slept well.
