Quality Inn & Suites Eldridge Davenport North
Rating: 5
Text: We were staying while my husband was working in the area. The staff was very friendly. They knew we had an infant so they put us close to the entrance and away from other rooms. We stayed for 3 nights. The rooms were very nice and clean. The breakfast wasnt extravagant but it filled you up. There were several restaurants and a couple attractions nearby. We had no issues while staying here.
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly and well trained  staff.  Kelley at the front desk is fantastic.  I wish more front desks were as efficient as she is.  The room was very clean and comfortable. I will definitely stay here whenever I'm in the area.
Rating: 3
Text: Great quiet place to stay. Nice and clean, comfortable beds. Close and convenient to the Celebration Belle Boat! Would stay here again!
Rating: 1
Text: Came all the way from Texas being. 8 months pregnant with my husband and my mother in law got us a room here last minute, around 6pm. Didn't get to look at the room at all we left to get a bite to eat and get clothes, by time we got back we just went to her room stayed in there for hours we didn't get to our room to look until 1140pm. When we did I wasn't to please, hair in tub. Dried up blood under pillow case, old piece of corn of the floor neither to say it was a non smoking room but cigarette butts Burns under sheets. Went up to front desk made a complaint they gave us another room. Which as while had a dry blood stain under pillow case!! Went back at front desk where they refuse to refund my mother in law her money back. The general manager just said they can't please everyone and how the room will still be charged. Since we had been in there. Though we didnt do nothing at all in the room, we had jusr got in the room neways, customer Service was very poor! I will never try to stay at this place again. In for anybody else does make sure you check everything!! If i could put 0 star I would have!!
Rating: 5
Text: Simply the best hotel I've ever stayed in. Kayla the general manager was awesome from start to finish. Clean rooms, hot tub and pool. Great breakfast, coffee and juice.
