Quality Inn & Suites Kansas City - Independence I-70 East
Rating: 2
Text: The Quality in needs updating very much ! Room comfortable, but some renovations still left unfinished. Lobby seems to be worked on , but needs a more attention. Free breakfast adequate.Location and free breakfast seem to be the Quality Inns big selling point.  Room prices any more than $70 per night here are way over priced !
Rating: 1
Text: This is a rehabbed, older motel.  We were only staying one night to sleep, so we decided to go ahead.  It passed the bedbug inspection.  There was a lot going on downstairs.  They made a scan of our drivers license and credit card on the printer, a bit odd, but we were tired.  There was a lot of conversation between staff members at check in and at check out, which was a little rude, but that could have been a cultural thing.  

We were charged $100 for a smoking fee.  We don't smoke.  We did not hang around anyone who smoked that evening.  We do not use perfumes or sprays.  We don't smell 'funny'.   When we called the hotel, we were transferred to three different managers over the course of a few days.  The first one said it was a temporary hold.  The second one said it was a smoking fee.  The final GM said, "Of course you smoked.  Why else would you have this fine?"  

We are following up with corporate and our bank.  BEWARE.  This is fraud.  DO NOT stay here.
Rating: 3
Text: Currently the hotel is being renovated.  I was unaware of this when making the reservations.  Slept well.  Decent breakfast.  The construction crew was working outside my room, literally in the hall and room across the way and were extremely quiet.  Never ever heard them.  Staff is very nice and sincere.  Don't seek perfection while renovating, however, nice stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely wonderful stay! Clean room, comfortable bed, great breakfast even offering gluten free options. Dogs were welcomed at a reasonable cost. Friendly staff.
Rating: 2
Text: Service was great, and breakfast was good, but there were earwigs in the bathroom, the in room phone did not work (front desk knew about this and did not tell us at check-in), and our room did not have a do not disturb sign. Additionally, the ironing board cover was stained, and the toilet had trouble flushing from time to time. But it was a decent price, the pool was still open, and there weren't any bedbugs!
