Quality Inn Lawrence - University Area
Rating: 1
Text: Anything but quality, I was unhappy here, you may be too, go find a different hotel. It was a weird strange and quiet Hotel it was creepy. The room we stayed at was in the basement! There was broken ceiling tiles in the hall and in our room the clock was broken one of the lamps would not turn on until we turned off a Different Light the beds were not the same my bed was higher than the other bed and the bedding did not match and we never found the channel guide for the television. We had to walk it dozen  stairs to get to the basement there was no elevator if you are disabled this is not a good place to stay as you will have to walk stairs everywhere you go. In my room there was a set of sliding doors that lead to the outside there was one measly lock on the sliding door so a predator could have busted through and there was no railing outside to enclose the outdoor space. The room smelled musty and some of the furniture was not placed well. I got a discount on my room but normal rates are ridiculous! Also the two lamps by the bed did not even have the same colored light bulbs, the toilet would not flush it first and I read on some paper of theirs that they had spacious showers, I fit in the shower but I have a bigger shower at home I would not say it was overly crazy spacious. Cleanliness and staff could be improved. I was in town for a ladies meeting, and some other women attending this meeting also stayed at the same hotel, they told us when they entered their room the balcony door was open and there was a beer bottle. Overall I have definitely stayed in better and cheaper hotels. Find somewhere else next time I stay in Lawrence I will be too..
Rating: 3
Text: I visit Lawrence periodically and this place has been good for quick, relatively inexpensive stays. Breakfast was OK the few times I've had it. Rooms tend to smell musty for some reason. Beds are the best part about the place. AC has worked but can be loud in some rooms. I've stayed here under more than one management group and it makes a big difference who is in charge. The latest management has been better.
Rating: 4
Text: Great value for the cost! Beds and pillows were very adequate (6.8 or of 10). Breakfast was more than anticipated with some hot items such as sausage and biscuits and gravy. The best part was being greeted by the gal at the front desk. You could tell she was a veteran at it and every word of her customer service was pleasant and well-placed. She took time to answer questions about the area and it was evident she truly cared about the hotel guests. DirecTV in the the rooms was also a nice plus with remotes with full guide options. The third floor hallway did smell a bit musty or smokey but not noticeable in the non-smoking rooms.
Rating: 3
Text: I do not understand hotel pricing. If this was a $50/night hotel, it would be 5 stars, no question. But for the price, this place was truely disappointing.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean, comfortable beds, good bathroom lighting, mini frig and microwave, coffee maker, TV, Wi-Fi, pool.  Good hot breakfast and parking outside the room.  Deserves more than 3 stars.
