Quality Inn And Conference Center
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent hotel and built in restaurant..  I have not  been disappointed one time.  The  front desk people are well versed in what the do for each and every person who walks through the front doors.  Now, the breakfast is not free, but they give you a coupon for it.  Swimming pool and exercise room are located in the middle of the main building.  There is also a gift shop of which isn't open at all hours of the day.  Rooms are nice, nothing fancy, and from what I've seen ,we'll taken care of.  Now this is an older place and so the walls and some of the carpet could use some repair.  I was there when it was overly humid, and maybe the hall air conditioning wasn't at its best, so it was nice to get into an cool room.  I don't recall what the a\c was like, whether it ran all night or not.   Breakfast is a great buffet, and if you leave hungry, then you did not try hard enough.  The hotel is off the side of I 80 and not easily visible.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel was spacious and clean. Located right off of the highway, it was also convenient to access. 
We got in late and were greeted by a very chipper Mary. It was so nice to see somebody that lives their job. Mary looked after the hotel and it's patrons like it was her own home. She assured us out Uhaul would be safe overnight because she was actively patrolling the property on her Segway. That alone helped me sleep more peacefully. I'm not sure what I appreciated more, a bed to sleep in after a long day of driving, or Mary's attentiveness and care. 
I don't know Mary personally, I picked this hotel at random, but I think this Angel deserves a raise.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff was friendly and welcoming. The room was well maintained except for a few minor details. (Curtain was dirty, toliet had some corrosion, and shower head had calcium build up). The pool area was nice, the hot tub had sand in it for some reason. The washer and dryers worked well. No complementary meals, and the diner was slightly over priced.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff was great and it was generally clean, however, our room had a very unusual smell. The bed was terribly uncomfortable. The restaurant had amazing food and great service. There is a lounge, that is NOT OPEN on FRIDAYS! So we'll just have a beer after a long day (or drive) in our room right? NO refrigerator in the room. Wanna enjoy the on premises arcade? Good luck. The change machine doesn't work and you can't get quarters from the front desk. 
Rating: 5
Text: Had a room on the first floor and it was nice and quiet all night. Welcome desk staff really friendly, and were polite even when I called just 5 seconds after checking in because I forgot how to log onto the wifi. Also the value for the $4 breakfast was great, a good selection of warm food (not just the oatmeal and bagels showcased in other places) with fresh brewed coffee. Will definitely stay here again when driving through.
