Quality Inn Huron
Rating: 4
Text: Good experience! My boyfriend and I stayed here the other night and we had no complaints. The bed was comfy and the room was clean and functional. Staff was friendly. Dollar General is right across the street which was convenient for us and Cedar Point was a 10 minute drive down the road! The hotel could be updated a little bit and the breakfast was standard and average but other than that, we enjoyed our stay and would come back!
Rating: 1
Text: The staff was rude and overbooked. When I arrived they "claimed" they called my phone 2x. I never received any phone calls. I am not a complainer, but this was beyond upsetting. I ended up driving 4 hours home. If you decide to book a room. Triple check before arriving. Nothing like having a staff blame you instead of apologizing for their screw up.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could post no stars I would. Completely inadequate service. We drove 11 hours and found this "hole-tel" around 4:15 am Friday morning. We asked about a room until Saturday and we were given our price. After waiting nearly an hour for the incompetent girl to program our room key, we went into our room thinking we got a a good deal. We left for lunch around 12:00 pm Friday and when we returned, we were told we owed an additional nights stay. When we assured him that the girl who checked us in told us we had it until Saturday, he acted like we were lying. He refused to give us the rate we were given less than 9 hours earlier. We finally just asked if we could just get our things and leave to which he agreed. After leaving I realized that we payed a ridiculous price for only 7 hours. Especially when the room smelt of smoke and had no a/c. Absolutely ridiculous.
Rating: 1
Text: The switch  on the floor lamp in our room was broken and there was no lamp  at the desk to work by. My husband asked at the front  desk if there was a lamp  in one of the (many) vacant rooms or a spare and the clerk said at first there were no spares and the vacant rooms were on the second floor but she would check. A half hour later he was told all the spares had broken switches too. It's kind of hard to work in the dark. So much for your commitment to satisfaction.
Rating: 3
Text: We stayed the night before Cedar Point. It's an older hotel, but they've redone some of the rooms. The room we had was pretty clean and bed was comfy. Pool was on the cool side and you could see it was probably quite fancy when the hotel was first built. Overall, a place to sleep.
