Quality Inn & Suites Banquet Center
Rating: 4
Text: I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. It doesn't look like much on the outside and is in a somewhat commercial and industrial neighborhood. The room I had was excellent. The staff businesslike, and the free breakfast above average. I would stay here  again.
Rating: 1
Text: My husband and I stay here annually for our anniversary. We splurge and get a Jacuzzi suite. This time, we decided to upgrade to a "Themed Suite." The TV picture was "snowy" so the front desk let me look at another room. The other room had the same problem, so I kept the original almost $200 suite. The Jacuzzi worked, the room looked clean, until the morning. We woke up and there were ants all over the room! I threw a box into the bathtub, and there were hundreds of ants crawling all over the tub. In November. We had  to call for a late check out, shaking the bugs out of our clothes to repack them. Before the original checkout time, someone was pounding on our door telling us it was time to go. We replied we had late check out, and got a rude smack on the door in return. We are FURIOUS. Anniversary tradition is meaningful to us and we are sad that it may have to change. The ants were everywhere. I took photo and video for documentation. I hope this hotel reaches out to me.
Rating: 1
Text: I Have Stayed Here 7 Times Within The Last Three Months. I Honestly Think This Hotel Is One Of The Worst I Have Stayed At. All 7 Times I Go Into My Room The Carpet Is Never Vacuumed. Cracks In The Drywall. Than When You Turn The Heater On Or Air On. It Either Gets Too Hot Or Too Cold. When You Go To Turn The Water On, There Is A Smell At First. Then They Say At The Front Desk The Check Out Time Is 11:00am But The Welcome Book In Your Room Says 12. Doesn't Make Since. I Would Not Recommend This place At All. Not Worth $75. Not Even Worth $40 To Me. 7 Times I Stayed Here. That Was Enough For Me. It Is The Same Everytime. Plus Some Of The Staff Are Rude. The Days Inn Down The Street Was Better Than This Dump.
Rating: 2
Text: Coould be cleaner. Spider weds in the corner of the rooms, and stained sheets. I stayed in the "Safari room" and you can tell the hot tub was not cleaned out. Hair left in the hot tub, opened soap. 
Breakfast was good and so was customer service. But they need to hire new house keeping people.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice place to stay. Ended up getting upgraded to suite. King bed was a little stiff and light went out but other than that it was good.
