Quality Inn Near Six Flags St. Louis
Rating: 3
Text: Let me first start off by saying that I have stayed in many hotels in the last 12 months. And to clarify all of them have been Choice Hotels. Now I stayed across the street at the Comfort Inn but I thought I would try the Quality Inn just to see if it made a difference to save the $20. Well after staying the night there I've discovered a list of things. Number one there is no elevator so you have to use only stairs and if you have any sort of disability that may be difficult for you. Number two the rooms are actually quite small. Number 3 a lot of the decor is outdated. Number 4 the breakfast selection is very basic. Number five the bed was not comfortable. I do say that it's better to spend the extra 20 or $30 and stay across the street at the other choice hotel of Comfort Inn. Now the staff was extremely nice at the Quality Inn and we didn't have any issues with other visitors in different rooms making noise. But if you want a good night's rest on a comfortable bed with comfortable pillows and an elevator and an excellent breakfast stay across the street. But either way you are relatively close to Six Flags Magic Mountain and there are a ton of fast food restaurants and gas station surrounding you to give you all your basics that you'll need if you're coming to stay for Six Flags. You're no more than maybe 5 or 10 minutes from the amusement park.
Rating: 4
Text: Small and quiet. Right off the highway so very easy access. Breakfast was really plentiful for a continental. Pet fees are high.
Rating: 4
Text: So the best thing I liked about this hotel was that it was clean and comfortable and it felt safe.  I did notice that there were children running in the hallway at 3:00 a.m.  It woke me up from the vibrations.  A little on the small side but overall if you didn't want to stay in St Louis inner city depending on what your doing.  This is a very, very ideal spot.  Not a place for shopping but it has basic needs and a Walmart in town.
Rating: 5
Text: My friend and I were road tripping and we had a large car topper that we could not lift by ourselves. An employee aka "The Delicate Flower" came over on her own to assist us when she saw we were struggling. She even helped us get our ratchet together. The employees were all nice and the service was pretty good. It was a great experience all around!
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed at this hotel a couple of weekends ago. No-frills hotel but was clean.  Check out time is supposed to be 11:00 but beware of housekeeping because they just barge into your room whenever they get ready.  Maid attempted to come in at 9:25 even though I had 'Do Not Disturb' sign on the door and she said the front desk told her I had already checked out (which I had not).  Received a survey from Choice Hotels about my stay and I stated my displeasure with housekeeping not waiting until after checkout to enter the room.  I received a reply from someone who was supposed to be the CEO of Choice Hotels and he defended the maid by saying I had agreed to check out at 9:25 (which I had not).  I emailed him back with a screenshot of the reservation confirmation which plainly stated that my checkout time was 11:00 but he didn't respond.  So if you don't mind housekeeping barging in on you unexpectedly then this place is for you.  But if you want to stay in a place where you will have your privacy, stay away from this place!!!!
