Quality Inn Castleton
Rating: 5
Text: Room is decent and spacious. Beds are comfortable.

Bathroom is bit old but good water pressure and water is hot.

What makes this place amazing is the staff. They are friendly and go out of their way to help. The family who run the place are nice especially Sara. George, Joshua and Eric are friendly and really nice too.

When I checked in I requested for an upstairs room in a quiet area and was promptly given one. I asked for directions later after leaving my bag and George even took me outside to point out the way.

They have little things like a popcorn maker with free popcorn every night and a good selection of teas and flavoring for coffee, honey, different types of sweeteners and they leave napkins, cutlery and plates out all day for guest use.

Generous breakfast spread, cereal, yogurt, bread, bagels, pastries, waffles, pancakes, eggs, sausages, hash browns (sometimes), minute maid juice, apples, tea, coffee, spreads.

Enjoyed my stay there and will not hesitate to return especially if they renovate/ upgrade the bathroom. Kudos to management for trying to improve customer experience. Staff seem happy.

Good location, lots of shops and restaurants.
Rating: 1
Text: KEEP DRIVING!!!!!!  My truck windows got busted out and I lost about $6,000 worth of hunting items.  There's a criminal element here that is just waiting to rob you.  There were 5 break-ins that night alone.  The police couldn't care less!!!  Given that you would think the hotel would at least have cameras up over every inch of their parking lot.  NO!! ONE CAMERA AT THE CANOPY!!!  They tried to steal the truck and trailer just over from me, punched his lock right out but couldn't get it started.  I wouldn't be surprised to be robbed at gun point here.  BEWARE!!!!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Great service and the rooms are nice and clean. The staff is friendly and professional. The only thing that I would critique is that it could use a bit of an update. Fresh paint and minor repairs. Bleach stains in the carpet. Outside of that, it's a decent hotel. Oh, and they have a pretty great contenental breakfast!
Rating: 5
Text: I enjoyed my stay at this quality inn location. I love the area its located in because of the shops and restaurants surrounding it. The room was also very comfortable, and the housekeeping was up to par. I would definitely recommend to a friend and would love to stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Great Value for the price. Breakfast was great and front desk staff were very kind and courteous.
