Quality Suites St. Joseph
Rating: 1
Text: Hotel condition was nice. However we booked and paid for (2) rooms on Priceline and when our employees checked in. The hotel requested a credit card for incidentals. The hotel proceeded to charge our card for the full room rate. I have called the hotel 4 time and the hotel manager will not return my calls. I'm now fighting it with Choice Hotels corporate office to get a refund of $378.76 for the overage charged.
The fact the hotel won't return our calls or Choice Hotels calls tells me it was done intentionally and they aren't trustworthy people. Choice Hotels needs to pull their franchise for doing business like this.
Rating: 4
Text: The sign was hard to find from the highway but the GPS took us straight there. The room was quite large and very well furnished. Rooms, bed and bathroom were all very clean. Staff was nice and very quick with our check in. We had reservations and everything was in order. The breakfast was pretty good but could use some better management. There is only 1 waffle station and making waffles for my kids took quite some time. There was a great selection of food (both hot and cold) but they ran out of milk and several people were stuck with dry cereal. All in all it was a great stay!
Rating: 5
Text: We had tv and telephone problems in the first suite were given,  so we were moved next door.  Lona, manager allowed us to use both suites with connecting doors.  Lots of room.  Everything else was good.
Rating: 1
Text: THEY STOLE FROM MY ROOM!!!!! the owners of this place should be ashamed of themselves the rooms were acceptable could be cleaner  but the housekeepers stole 60$ from my room and when i asked who can help me I was told I would receive a call the next day a week later when I was finally able to contact a manager I was told the entire housekeeping staff was fired and the owner said they are NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ITEMS STOLEN FROM OUR ROOMS.i am filing a police report today and woould advise you stay away from this place
Rating: 4
Text: Nice rooms at a fairly decent price. Our room had a couch and nice large desk as well. Quite nice.
