Quality Inn & Suites
Rating: 3
Text: I wish I could write 2 different reviews here. The staff was amazing!! Kind, considerate and helpful. The breakfast staff was great!!! Bill, the shuttle driver got us to and from our destination safely and timely!! Bill deserves a raise! 
Now the crappy part of my review and why I'm only giving 3 stars. The toilet in the bathroom wiggled when you sat down or stood up. There was obvious dirt on the door. The pool area the walls are cracked and need to be fixed. There is a lot of obvious need for repair in this motel. However, I am aware this is a chain motel and they have money through out the company to spend on repairs and fixes. So it appears to me that the Quality Inn company and the Choice Hotels group would need to take consideration into investing in upgrading the Council Bluffs Quality Inn location.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff was great. Our heat was not working in the room and staff immediately put us in another room. They really did a great job of taking care of us. The hotel was clean and excited my expectations.
Rating: 2
Text: Decided to use our my choice points for room. Staff very friendly and nice. Very stuffy and muggy with meldewy smell when u walk in. Wasn't what I had expected for cleanliness. Went to stay another night so we didn't have to move our stuff, and realized we had guests!  Called front desk he offered to change rooms, thank u for the offer but those little rodents can and will (as it did while on phone) go under the door! From now on I will not go out of my comfort zone for a free room due to points. I will wait till I have enough for our regular hotel. Location was convenient and close to gas station as well as eating places. If i could move the staff that would be great!
Rating: 1
Text: I was not impressed.  Other then the early check in not much was worth mentioning.  I encountered a rude manager whom when was informed of the fixtures not working and the linen's in room had makeup and foreign substances upon them, he gave no apology and simply walked away.  I changed my own linens with what i was told were clean but upon inspection they hag not been.  Breakfast was basic staff acted as if I was not a guest but as though I was trespassing. They even checked my room out a day earlier then I payed for and expected me to pay again.
Rating: 1
Text: Gross! 
I had to get a room at 1am because of car issues. So I booked online and the staff "seemed" pleasant. Get to my room and it's a nice size. Went to open up the couch bed and there were newer stains, crumbs, dirt, and I don't know what else. So, no sleeping on that. Grabbed the blanket and there's something crusted on it! Ewe! Looked at the curtains to find some dried on nastiness in various places. Called to get either a different room, discount, or housekeeping up here and an excuse for everything!  "No other rooms available, "I can't give you a discount", housekeeping isn't here at night". 
So much bologna! But I played nice and asked for him to put clean sheets on the couch bed. It took him over 30 minutes to bring them, and he wasn't about to put them on. 
Never! Never coming here again! I'd rather sleep in my car! I'm still tempted to, while writing this in the nasty bed. Ewe! Not sure if I'll sleep tonight. 

Just say no to this hotel. I promise that you'll thank me.
