Quality Inn & Suites Jefferson City
Rating: 1
Text: We have stayed here for a long time when we are working in town. Sometimes 3, 3 man crews at a time. But after new ownership it has went down hill. A month or so ago, someone on one of our crews got bed bugs. We quit staying there for a while and thought they cleared them out. But I got them last night and they tried saying I was making it up and that the other crew made it up as well. Even after I showed them the bites on my face and my arm (didn't show them but they're on my back too). When we checked out, I checked under the sheets and sure enough I found one and caught it in a cup and gave it to them and they still acted like I was making it up. And they also don't like to negotiate their rate although our company has a fixed rate at this location for all crews. I will never stay there again.
Rating: 4
Text: I was visiting jefferson city on business and was put at the quality inn. It was very nice. the housekeepers did a good job of keeping everything clean. The continental breakfast has a good selection. My only complaint is the elevator button on the top floor is facing the wrong way. It has an arrow going up instead of down. Good value hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: This is one of the best Quality Inns that we have stayed at.
The hotel was in a good location for viewing the Total Solar Eclipse.
We found the property to be clean and comfortable, and the breakfast was very good too.
The staff that we dealt with were polite and friendly.
We would stay here again if we are ever in the Jefferson City, MO area.
Rating: 1
Text: NO STARS WASN'T AN OPTION. We were traveling to our son's military graduation at Ft. Leonard Wood, MO and made a reservation at 4:27pm Sunday afternoon. Tried to cancel or even change the reservation less than an hour later, to a different location due to poor cellular service and missed communication. Had to spend the night here away from rest of our family because they refused to cancel or change the reservation. Was told you can't cancel after 4pm.  Maybe they shouldn't take reservations after 4pm then. Front desk person was awful. Intoxicated guest in elevator upon arrival.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst customer service ever!!!  Shelly the manager is so rude and will hang up on you if she doesn't have answers or know what else to do.  Don't ever stay -- RUDE and individually owned so allowed to do whatever they'd like.
