Quincy Inn and Suites
Rating: 3
Text: Seems like a very nice place! Rooms are nice, clean and bedding is comfortable. Decently priced and clerks are courteous.
Rating: 2
Text: Room is okay I guess. Had a smoking room on the third floor, I've never had a smoking room before but the comforters they gave us were really uncomfortable in my opinion. Very thin and slick like a cheap sleeping bag but without the stuffing. I'm not sure if it's a fire retardant thing or what. The microwave or coffee pot isn't even plugged in and has to be moved or move a lamp close to it to make it work. Inside of the dresser drawers were dirty and my main room light doesn't even work. Floor was dirty and had old flower clippings on it and the girlfriend repeatedly got thorns in her feet. Very unpleased with that. Very skimpy on sugar packets and creamer. The air unit smelled like wet dog and gave both my girlfriend and I a sneezing fit and burning eyes repeatedly. Bathrooms are pretty nice and were clean with plenty of towels and rags and it had good water pressure and heat so I'm happy with the room bathrooms. Toilet paper is even decent. Didn't use any room service or anything like that. I was here on a prepaid visit so I can't complain much but if I had to bring myself and the family along again I would not be coming back here honestly I guess for the price it is okay but meh. Breakfast is stale biscuits and raw sausage. Only decent food was the waffle mix that you prepare yourself. Not a bad hotel for the price but I think I will be visiting others for an extra $20. Maybe the sneezing fits were caused by all of the dust collected on the ceiling and curtains directly above the unit. 2/5 on cleanliness. Internet was decent but had consistent ridiculous drops and could barely run Netflix multiple nights in a row. Parking and location is nice. Like many others have said the walls are thin and the hallways do reek and there is a pretty consistent smell of musk everywhere. Elevator had multiple problems within our 4 day stay. Front desk wasn't rude nor inviting. The woman at the desk seemed annoyed while checking us in. Like others have said the housekeeping is consistently annoying.
Rating: 4
Text: There was a problem with our paperwork when we arrived. The staff at the front desk went above and beyond getting it all taken care of and getting us into our rooms. Nice place, clean room, great staff!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Staff very friendly. Clean room and comfy beds. Dan the manager went above and beyond to help and drive my son to the bus depot. Now that is service! Will definitely come back and stay.Thx again Dan for your kindness and hospitality.
Rating: 4
Text: Very affordable, friendly staff, was able to bring the dog! My only complaint is that the hallways have a faint scent of smoke...
