Radisson Hotel St. Joseph
Rating: 1
Text: Don't waste your money on this dump. Stay somewhere else. Horrible experience. I first room they put us in was not cleaned there was hair in the shower and sink. We found a dirty wash cloth in the shower. They moved us to another room which was a little better but hardly clean. There was broken glass under the counter in the bathroom and we didn't break any glasses while we were there. Hotel run down and shabby. Something disgusting in the elevator ceiling. Whirlpool not working.
Rating: 2
Text: I was not happy with this hotel.  Our room was not properly cleaned. Dirty rug, a dirty Kleenex on the floor and a used roll of toilet paper. The sauna and hot tub don't work. There was no refrigerator or microwave as advertised. The halls were not vacuumed. The parking is very inconvenient,  it's across the street. The windows are large and open widely. They are not child safe. It has a low flow toilet, very annoying. Even the candy machine was awful. The staff was very helpful and room service was good. All in all I do not recommend this hotel.
Rating: 3
Text: Location good. Hotel is nicely accommodated. Front desk needs work. During check-in the receptionist asked for my ID, which I politely handed to her. After verification of my reservation, she bypassed my open hand and laid my ID on the counter. If I hand you something, I expect you to have it back when you are returning it. This is a simple courtesy. This exchange led to me downgrading my rating of the establishment. I hope that this is not indicative of how all Radisson hotels handle their customer service.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice place.. employees are friendly - features all the amenities you could want. Classic MO river city town.. great ambiance. Ask Nicole if you'd like a cold beer.. 5 stars.. for work or pleasure.
Rating: 3
Text: Good service but the facility is just okay. This hotel was clearly very nice at one point in time but is pretty mediocre now. Rooms are a bit dated, the indoor pool is decent, and the hot tub was out of service during my stay. When I first entered my room, I noticed it had a very faint smoke odor--not bad, but definitely noticeable. I also noticed it was quite warm so my first order of business was turning up the AC. With the AC on full blast throughout the night, the room barely got any cooler. The next morning I left for business for the day and when I returned to my room the AC unit had failed entirely. Staff was very responsive in sending maintenance to look at the unit--the coils were very dirty, clearly not maintained, which had caused the unit to overheat and blow a fuse. They offered me a different room and I accepted. Second room had a similar odor, but at least the AC unit was considerably more effective. Overall I was happy with the level of service but found the building and amenities to be a bit lackluster. Not the worst but not great either.
