Radisson Plaza Hotel at Kalamazoo Center
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice hotel. I was thrilled to be able to stay in the same room as I booked an extra night last minute. Perfect work conference venue. Excellent restaurants are in walking distance. Loved the deep bathtub. Very clean and comfortable room. For being right "in the city" I felt very safe. Only inconvenience is the parking structure across the street.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed at the Radisson this past weekend for our wedding and it was awesome. Denise helped me to book the wedding block, Samantha followed up to make sure everything was on task. They were so friendly & accommodating. We were able to use their shuttle to get us back and forth to our venue. The rooms were clean, beds were comfortable. Bar was fun & breakfast buffet was delicious. Even the cleaning staff left notes to congratulate my husband and I. They really were amazing and we would recommend them to anyone in the area needing a place to stay or a hotel block for their wedding. THANK YOU!!! :):)
Rating: 5
Text: I really enjoyed my experience with the Radisson. Staff were professional and courteous and I was pleasantly surprised that they could accommodate my need to utilize a lactation room during my lunch break of a work conference. All facilities were clean and esthetically pleasing. Will definitely return in the future!
Rating: 3
Text: The Radisson Plaza is a very nice hotel. The room was great, the amenities and location were wonderful. My experience was matred because the hotel did not have a room ready for my wife and I at 4 (normal check-in is 4). Being out of town guests for a wedding at 5 pm, this was an issue and the hotel offered no solution, only appeased us with vouchers for breakfast and validated parking. Our room was finally ready at 5:45 pm, at with point the wedding ceremony was over.
Rating: 4
Text: Housed conference participants and had a dinner meeting the night before the conference. Food was good but the room was too small, seems like they overbooked the conference rooms despite a reservation. Service was good but hotel rooms seemed small. "Private" floor hospitality room was nice.
