Radisson Hotel Cleveland-Gateway
Rating: 5
Text: We loved it here! The location is fantastic. Just steps - I mean 3 minute walk - to the dining area where you'll find Cleveland's finest (which is fantastic). There are even two good restaurants literally 20 feet front the front door. The staff is so, so welcoming starting with valet and especially management. They were so genuinely concerned about our family's comfort. You'll wish you lived in Cleveland. The stadiums (minus Browns) are literally across the street. 

The room was clean, bed comfy, linens white. We will stay here again for sure
Rating: 1
Text: Absolutely DO NOT stay here. I had to stay here for a conference for work and it was terrible. Sure the location is convenient but unless you want personal items stolen from your car with their valet service I suggest finding another hotel. After one week the hotel manager finally emailed me apologizing about the theft from valet and if I was ever back in area to let him know and he would try to "take care of me in someway". I filed a claim through the insurance company which has turned out to be a bigger circus than the hotel itself. By far the worst hotel experience I have ever had.
Rating: 4
Text: The location of the hotel seems ideal since it is directly across the street from the Quicken Loans arena where the Cleveland Cavaliers play. The room that I stayed in was nice as well and had all of the normal amenities one would expect from a hotel: towels, wash cloths, clean sheets, neat bathroom, etc. The service we received at the hotel was friendly as well. I only take away one star since parking directly across the street was very cheap ($5 for the day if you park before 7 or so) and when asked about the parking in the area one employee at the front desk was recommending their valet service (which is more than triple the price compared to the parking garage directly across the street). It's understandable that an employee would plug their own services but it is a cut above when employees are actually looking for the best deal for their customers and I always return to businesses where this is the case. The stay was still a pleasant experience and I would recommend the hotel if you need a place to stay in downtown Cleveland.
Rating: 5
Text: Only stayed a night and didn't really spend a lot of my night in the hotel. When I was in the hotel, however, it was a great experience. Extremely friendly staff and our roo was amazing for the price. The beds we're very clean and cozy. Bathroom was nice. Water pressure a bit low. Didn't have a chance to see the pool but sure that's great too.
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is in a great location if you are attending a sports event. It's within walking distance of the baseball field and basketball arena. Rooms were nice and very clean. Plenty of restaurants and bars are also within walking distance. Overall great place to stay.
