Radisson Hotel Cincinnati Riverfront
Rating: 5
Text: We had a fantastic stay here!  The room with the city view was well worth the extra money!  The staff was all very nice and helpful.  We went to the upstairs revolving restaurant for drinks.  While the bar doesn't revolve it does have a fantastic view of the city.  It was also fun sitting there watching the diners rotate by us.  While at the bar an evening manager happened to walk by and asked if we were enjoying our stay.  We informed him it was our anniversary and was very much so enjoying the hotel.  He asked for our room number and when we returned that evening we had a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries waiting in our room!  It was a fantastic surprise!  There is also a very fun little strip of bars about a 5-10 minute walk from the hotel.  It was safe to walk there and nice having so many fun things to do within walking distance from the hotel.  We would stay here again!!
Rating: 1
Text: Where do I begin? Reserved a king bed room for my husband and I. Arrived to our room. A hard, torn office chair is the only seating with a back. There is a bench at the foot of the bed.  You can only get ice on odd number floors, but only if you find a working machine. It may take going up and down the elevator 3 to 4 times and then again to get back to your room. The phone doesn't work so don't bother looking for a phone directory you've only wasted prescious minutes. We arrived on a Tuesday expecting to eat at the revolving restaurant only to find out they weren't open for dinner.  I do have to say the view of the Cincinnati skyline was awesome and the staff was extremely polite and courteous.
Rating: 2
Text: Was less than pleased. The freezer part of the fridge needs to be defrosted. The shower drain took a long time to drain. The toilet sits way too low. There was a dirty spot on the toilet. However, the pillows & bed were heavenly!!
Rating: 5
Text: I just love this store. Some things are quirky and interesting. Grocery items are sometimes priced right others a bit higher than I expected. Staff is super friendly overall its a 5 out of 5 from me.
Rating: 5
Text: We ate brunch in the revolving restaurant. It has been newly redecorated and was beautiful. The quality of the food was fantastic as always. The prime rib could be cut with your fork. The wait staff could not do enough to satisfy you they worked very hard to make it an enjoyable experience.
