Rainbow Motel Hastings
Rating: 3
Text: Great ghetto hotel! I've stayed in a few of these places across the country and this was the safest feeling. Not the cleanest but my cats enjoyed chasing the flies, though the time of year was more to blame than anything else for that. Smelled a bit like incense or powder carpet cleaner. Warm and comfortable. The price is better than the KOA camp grounds and far warmer, with a shower!
Rating: 1
Text: You couldn't pay me to stay here again. There are a ton of people living here and tons of drug deals going on.  I got woke up at 545 am to people screaming they were going to kill the other person. This went on for a hour. Got no sleep...felt filthy when I left. The owner is super shady. I asked if I could have my appointments for the next day faxed there he said no problem. Went to office to get them he tried charging me $15 for 14 pieces of paper that had copies of other peoples drivers licenses printed on the other side. Overall scary place!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Cheap price. Comfy rooms. Great hospitality. While the building is older, the owner personally walked me to my room to verify it was okay. The bed is comfy, and the fully furnished rooms have an atmosphere you don't get in the chain hotels. For the price, this was an amazing value.
Rating: 3
Text: I've stayed here several times over a few years. Been in at least 4 of the rooms and they are pretty consistent. They all have refrigerator, microwave and a small wide-screen TV. I never experienced bedbugs in any of them. The rooms were sufficiently clean, including the bathrooms. It isn't high-end quality. For that you'd have to pay at least 4-6 times as much per night. But for the budget rate in the range of $45-55/nt, it's satisfactory. I stayed at a Motel 6 in the same region within weeks of my last Rainbow stay. It cost $20 more. Clean, but no refrigerator or microwave. Less value than Rainbow.
Rating: 3
Text: Don't get your hopes up for the Wi-Fi. They advertise continental breakfast and of course there is none. The only reason I contiued to stay for the duration of the time I was in town, was because despite the owner is a very good person,I was there for work and he helped me out a couple of times when I was in a spot from being short on funds.
