Ramada Williamsburg and Wasserbahn Waterpark
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great family hotel! The waterpark is awesome, so is the hot tub. They really want to help and make your stay great. There's a nice bar, movie night (popcorn too), great playground and other activities to participate in. It's not a new hotel and it shows some wear but it's clean and well kept. We will definitely be back!
Rating: 5
Text: I would give only 4.5 stars - but since the staff was so friendly and amazing I am giving 5 stars. Our room was super clean - my family loved the pool area. The golf needed some updates and a few games were down in the game room but we had a great time and this was a small vacation after Girl Scout Camp and a Soft Ball Tournament so it was nice! We will come again and stay longer next time! The staff at the front desk was wonderful - it didn't matter who helped us - everyone was super friendly! Thank you for awesome service - that is hard to find!
Rating: 4
Text: This place was a life saver!  Traveling all day and could not find a motel or hotel due to everyone traveling up to this area for the Iowa State Fair and the Solar Eclipse.  The lady at the front Desk was super nice.  They allowed our dog no questions asked.  My 10 and 6 year old boys loved the indoor water park.  I would have given a 5 star but didn't due to the noise from the guests of a wedding party hanging out right outside our window until 11 or 12, and though the rooms were clean and well kept they did seem a bit out dated.  Would definitely stay there again.
Rating: 3
Text: If you can ignore the musky smell cute little water park and 2 large slides. Rooms were clean and friendly staff. The kiddie pool area the day we were there was not heated but they were Very Nice and refunded us the water park fee. The water park is not included in the room another reason it only got 3 stars. 
Rating: 5
Text: Great family hotel. Staff were very friendly. Lots of activities for the children. Rooms were nice and clean with comfortable beds. The breakfast at the restaurant was excellent.
