Ramada Overland Park
Rating: 1
Text: I think it is crazy I have to give u 1 or it will not post my review  I would rather rate ur hotel a 0. i stayed on Nov 4 2017. When I called to make the reservation I was told there was a heated pool and hot tub and free breakfast. When I got there to check in front desk staff was really rude. There was no hot tub and the pool was ice cold water. In my room there was 1wash rag,, shampoo, conditioner,and bar of soap. 2 flat pillows on each bed ask for more and finally got 3 more flat pillows 3 hours later and no towels in the rooms bed was hard.  Also the only there was for breakfast was runny eggs and old donuts.  I will never be stay here again
Rating: 1
Text: Would not recommend. First night when we arrived we were exhausted from traveling half way across the country and didn't notice how dirty our room was till the next morning. The sink faucet was loaded with calcium deposit and was hard to left and turn the handle up to get water.  The sink in our room was clogged and the water never went down for the 2 nights that we stayed there. Noticed burn wholes in the bed sheets and I believe blood stains on the comforter. The bed just didn't feel clean and was completely uncomfortable. Could not wait to leave this place. Took a shower and washed all our clothes as soon as we got home. No light switches in room and half the lamps didn't work. The smell of chemicals from the indoor pool that surrounds all the rooms was over powering. Noticed that the room door never closed correctly when we left our room.  We found we had to pull it closed each time when leaving.
Rating: 1
Text: Where to begin? I checked in late at night and upon seeing the exterior of the hotel thought ok, doesn’t look too bad. But the nightmare begun soon after. The hotel employee working the night shift was rude and inattentive. When I got to my room I immediately noticed the FILTHY carpet and the stench of cigarettes despite it being a “non-smoking room”. It only got worse after, as you can see from the photos provided, not only was the carpet filthy but was was everything else. 

Sheets, blankets, and the vent in the room looked like it hadn’t been cleaned since the hotel was first built. I’m asthmatic, but even though it was freezing in the room I dared not turn on the heat lest it triggered my asthma. So all in all a horrendous experience to say the least, I pray that I don’t pick up anything from this filthy room and can end my stay in one piece. Rest assured this is an establishment I will NEVER return to again. Please don’t be fooled by the exterior decor and the pleasant looking foyer. This place is a DUMP. Please keep away. Not worth the hassle.
Rating: 4
Text: My stay was very good. I loved looking at the pool because the water was a little to cold for swimming.  The complimentary breakfast was on time most of the time. The staff was friendly and accommodating. I really like this place.
Rating: 1
Text: if zero stars was an option this place would get zero....

I had been here 25 years ago when it was a Holiday Inn and it used to be a nice hotel.....it has gone downhill.

The rooms smelled musty/smoky, front desk attendant at night was rude, curtains for the interior ( view to the enclosed courtyard) were badly torn.  Wallpaper was badly torn with holes in the drywall.

The former hot tub was filled in with concrete  and looked like it was done by elementary school kids,  clearly not professional work.   

There were Zoning change signs outside making me wonder if the owner is trying to change the zoning contest it down and build something else.

I would avoid this place
