Ramada Limited Huntington
Rating: 5
Text: The room was very clean and pet friendly. The hot tub was working wonderfully and both the hot tub and pool were very clean. The staff was incredibly helpful and very friendly. And it had to be the best Continental Breakfast I've had in any place I've ever stayed. I would definitely recommend this place and the gorgeous mountain scenery.
Rating: 1
Text: We were in town for the fall scenic train ride. Our room was not touched by housekeeping at all. They claimed the do not disturb sign was up all day. Liars, all of them. Manager cold rude and nasty. No breakfast attendant to refill coffee or breakfast items( must be why it was free.) Manager gave some lame reason why we couldn’t reach the corporate office.  We would never recommend this hotel chain no matter the location.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff were friendly, ac worked, in-room jacuzzi was amazing. Housekeeper Bobbie was the bomb! We had issues with the key cards deactivating for no reason, and the second floor ice machine was broken, but those things definitely don't detract from the 5-star rating.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff is easygoing and the hotel well-kept, enjoyed my stay here while in Huntington and appreciate the courtesy of the Ramada crew. Really liked the hot tub, spent a significant amount of time in there while at the hotel. Rooms were clean, although my blanket did have a cigarette burn in it, clearly a former smoking room. I think the hotel may have recently converted, as the entire hallway smelled of subdued cigarette smoke though none of the rooms appear to be smoking anymore. Could've put a little more effort into eradicating that smell, but I suppose it takes time for the ills of the 20th century to work their way out of the system. Breakfast was good, not a tremendous variety but I was satisfied. Free cookies in the lobby (Chips Ahoy). Location is great, part of a potpourri of hotels and drive-thrus clumped together a short drive outside downtown Huntington.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice stay. Friendly staff, very knowledgeable about the area.
