Ramada Platte City KCI Airport
Rating: 2
Text: We arrived after 3 pm and a long day of driving.  There was no one at the front desk.  The maintenance man showed up but said he couldn't check us in.  He started calling to find out where the staff was. He gave us a bottle of water and a Pepsi.   After 20 minutes without apology the person on duty arrived from an airport shuttle run. 

The rooms were clean and comfortable and generally quiet.  Breakfast was good and well stocked. 

Before leaving I was told by the person at the desk that it would be OK to call for a shuttle when I returned from my trip even though we weren't leaving a car or staying there.  I was given a business card with a number to call.   Upon my return the gentleman that answered said that I couldn't be picked up unless I had left my car there or was staying that night.  Instead, my wife braved the airport traffic to get me and we were on our way home never to stay at the Platte City Ramada again.
Rating: 5
Text: Alex at the front desk is very kind and welcoming. EXCELLENT service, comfy and clean rooms. I would definately be a repeat customer anytime I am in the area! This is a just book hotel!! 5 STARS!?????
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel itself was fine. The pool was fine. Rooms were comfortable. However, my friend is the one who made the reservations... 2 rooms for 2 nights. When she checked in, they only tried to give her one room and she had to provide her confirmation to get the 2nd. The following day, we had a marathon to run (Our reason for being in KC in the first place.) When we returned to the hotel that afternoon, the keys to our room wouldn't work. Our friend who placed the reservation went to the receptionist and had them re-activated. They stated that something happened when we checked in the previous night, but it would be fine. We rest, and take some down-time, only to find that the receptionist had called our room twice telling another of our friends (who was trying to nap) that we had better pay for a second night, or get our stuff and check out. Once again, my friend who placed the reservations had to provide her confirmation email as proof that she paid for 2 rooms, AND 2 nights. $400 paid in full, and they tried to remove us from the room twice. I understand being busy, and being overbooked, but there needs to be some better communication with the staff at this place. Otherwise, it was really enjoyable to stay there.
Rating: 4
Text: Very comfy and quiet at a reasonable price. Ongoing construction didn't bother us.  Warm breakfast available.
Rating: 5
Text: This was my first time there and they have the greatest customer service and so friendly.The breakfast was so good.If I ever go back it would be the there.The rooms are so clean and smells so good and I was on the first floor I loved that.
