Ramada Paintsville Hotel & Conference Center
Rating: 1
Text: Front Desk representatives lacked hospitality and acted in a very rude manner when we arrived at Ramada. We were a group of four attempting to visit the pool; two of us had annual memberships ($350 value). We requested that we buy the other two non-members a day pass for the pool. Our request was denied as it was Labor Day weekend causing the pool to be at capacity. While this is not a problem, the demeanor that the front desk representative took was unacceptable. Mariam did not bother to explain the information I stated above in clear words, but simply said, “No, we are not selling passes today.” My mother and I then proceeded to explain the situation to the representative. She responded with, “That doesn’t really matter.” We left obliviously as her customer service skills clearly need to be improved. Keep teaching your employees this way and no one will want to deal with Ramada in Paintsville. A front desk rep is your public face; they should be well-mannered, attentive to customers needs, and talk with kindness. We were not mean at all and we didn’t act out. We simply were trying to understand what the front desk rep meant when she said, “We are not selling passes today.”
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was super nice. They did up my sister's wedding really nice. Most of the staff was very helpful and went over and beyond. The front desk worker was the only thing that threw things off. She wasn't very friendly and didn't greet you when you walked in or anything. That's why I gave a 4 star instead of a 5.
Rating: 2
Text: Breakfast tasted horrible. Hair on sheets and pillow. To expensive for what they offer.
Rating: 5
Text: It is one of the cleanest hotels we have ever stayed. We have stayed here several times and it has always been that way. 
The rooms are very nice. 
Rating: 4
Text: I loved this hotel! Except sunday after 4 nothing is open except the front desk. The restaurant was good and I loved the atrium
