Ramada Limited Tell City
Rating: 4
Text: The building was dated but it was clean and the staff was nice. Worth the price. Handicapped accessible room was very accessible no complaints there if you need one just make sure to reserve it ahead of time.
Rating: 1
Text: I would give zero stars if possible. I'm currently on a week stay here with my husband and children. Our room "cleaning" consisted of our sheets, not only not being changed but, our blanket and sheets being thrown onto the bed, pillows tossed on in some random manner. Vacuuming was clearly not done (the dark green carpet shows everything, so it was obvious). Our towels were replenished and trash was taken out... But no empty trash bags replaced! My husband told the front desk and they simply just gave him a trash bag. After returning to the room and seeing even more things that were neglected, he then asked the front desk for a manager and was only told no one like that is here. WHAT??? We aren't just here for one night, we're paid up for six nights. I would vacuum and change out our sheets myself if they'd give me sheets and a vacuum. Very disappointed. Would NOT recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: I love this place because the staff is amazing. However my experience was the worst hotel experience yet. Our room was not cleaned and or checked before we checked into our room. The staff was lovely, friendly and ready to fix the mistake. The manager when hearing about our experience offered a full refund without me even been given options in order to resolve the situation. Even with the mistake I was thinking maybe a free night in the future and or 50% refund. The staff went above and beyond what we expected. The lobby looks to be newly renovated and I'm looking forward to seeing the rest of the hotel refinished in the future. I will also note that the continental breakfast was one of the best we've had in awhile. Give them a chance, they deserve the opportunity to give you the best nights rest or comforting holiday you've had in awhile.
Rating: 1
Text: Never booking with them again! Checked in after a long day at Holiday World and was told we only had one room instead of the two rooms we had booked. Was told there was nothing they could do. He was nice enough to give me some numbers to the other local hotels. Thanks Ramada. 
Rating: 3
Text: Well it's a two story building with no elevators, no problem for most, but...The stairway and hallway smell of moisture and or mold. The sheet was stained the face towels were dingy not all but some. Our room was clean and spacious. Not at all the hotel fault that several other guest can be clearly heard running and yelling in the hall, kids and adults. I believe we would stay again.
