Ramada Angola/Fremont Area
Rating: 5
Text: The staff was wonderful!  I left my new i-pad in the room.  Realized my loss at the airport; but there wasn't sufficient time to return to the motel.  I phoned the motel from the airport and my i-pad had already been turned into the front desk.  They asked if I'd like it mailed to my home in California and I said, "Yes, please".  Not only did they mail it, they even checked to see the least expensive method of shipping--the i-pad arrived in perfect shape.  Thank you SO much.  I enjoyed my stay and REALLY appreciate the service.
Rating: 4
Text: Great rooms..
Big rooms..
Great prices..
Dirty pool...
Decent bar and food prices..
House keeping great service.
Rating: 1
Text: I chose this spot because the Ramada brand is supposed to be solid and at $150/night in Angola, you'd assume the place was like a Four Seasons in Chicago. I mean, you're in Angola, IN. 
Checking in was easy. Front desk folks were very nice.  But when as soon as we opened the door to the room, the smell of mold overtook us. We opened the window and laid on the bed. As soon as we hit the bed, the smell of chemicals filled the air. So I got up and decided to use the bathroom. Upon entering I noticed the tub of the shower looked like I needed shower shoes and the towels had yellow stains on them. 
We started looking into another room, but opted to leave as, at this point, we just weren't having it. So we grabbed our bags, strolled down the sketchy hallway, and headed back on the road.
I've stayed in my fair share of cheap and rougher hostels and some pretty not great spots. This took the cake, especially considering the cost. Luckily we used hotel points to pay for this.
Good luck.
Rating: 4
Text: I enjoyed my stay. The indoor pool was nice, as was the large courtyard in the middle of the building. The hotel is connected to 6 Autumns, providing excellent food and a very nice bar. I was impressed.
Rating: 3
Text: Staff was unable to efficiently work computer. Windows in room had no screen and both locks were broken, leaving the room vulnerable. Room got very hot at night and the Bed was very uncomfortable, also believe we brought bed bugs home after our stay.
