Ramada Xenia
Rating: 1
Text: One of the best things about the hotel: it was easy to find. Unfortunately, that was the only good thing about it. We had reserved a non-smoking room and when we got there we're in a smoking room. After they switch us into a non-smoking room, we realize that the tv and phone don't work. After they switch us into another room, everything seems fine...but wait! In the morning when we tried to take showers (surprise!)but the shower didn't work. When we checked out, the desk clerk, instead of telling us that he couldn't adjust the bill, made us wait while he went upstairs to see if the water worked. And, of course, when he tried it the water simply gushed out. Now we are waiting for the manager to call on Monday.
Rating: 1
Text: I booked a block of rooms for family and friends for my wedding in September.  Promises were made by the manager and were not fulfilled.   First, my parents room had heat/air issues and no bathroom light.   They moved to another room and the next day they put my brother in that same broke down room.   The hotel bar is open to the public so my brothers room was 2 floors above the bar and he was kept up all night long as people were there partying well past midnight and management would do nothing about it. He moved to another room the next day.   Horrible service.   Poorly run hotel..  I am glad Xenia is getting a new hotel in the next couple months.  I will never recommend this hotel again to friends, family or business colleagues.   Embarrassing.
Rating: 2
Text: The room was suitable; beds were clean and comfortable; many outlets and the fridge didn't work. That wasn't a major problem for us, but we had a hard time finding a place to plug our phones in to charge. This hotel would have gotten three stars, but when we went down for the continental breakfast; everything but cereal and a few bagels were left. The hot offerings had been put away early. We arrived about thirty minutes before the end of the advertised breakfast window. The hotel worker was apologetic and made a few plates of eggs, which was not but I still felt like we weren't given the whole story. The weekday breakfast window ends at 9:30 and she claimed that she forgot what day it was. That would make sense except that everything was gone and it was just 9:30.
Rating: 4
Text: Great staff,  breakfast ok, room excellent, clean and everything worked good.  
Older hotel, but comfortable!  
Our home away from home when visiting Xenia.  Thanks staff!!!
Rating: 4
Text: I was quite pleased with the Ramada Xenia. The young lady at the desk was friendly and courteous and quite helpful. The rooms were clean and the beds comfortable.
