Ramada Plaza Dayton
Rating: 4
Text: The outside appearance does nothing for the place. Once you walk in its really nice. The room was clean & very big. The tv was a old style version. I thought the channel selection could have been better. I was disappointed with breakfast. Thought it could have been better. Be nice to see some real oatmeal & boiled eggs @ bananas on the breakfast bar. Overall a nice place to stay. 
Rating: 1
Text: Really bad management. New owners need to hire a really good project manager and new hotel management. It's no longer a Ramada, it's just called Dayton hotel. Very run down, cash only if that tells ya anything.
I feel the new owners took on way more than they can handle they also hired the wrong management team and a lot of smoking and parties going on it the rooms that are open.
MAKE sure you have your firearm close by as you sleep..
Rating: 2
Text: The room was nice and the staff was friendly. They did a good job cleaning my room for me everyday but that building has some issues. The roof on the first floor leaks when it rains and the WiFi didn't have a signal in my room. The hot tub didn't work and the television in my room didn't work either. Their fitness room had a few treadmills and workout benches but no weights. My access card stopped working at one point and although it only took them about 30 seconds to fix, it was still just another minor annoyance. Sadly their complementary breakfast was a waste of time too. You're better off going across the street to the store and buying something there to eat. The only reason I'm giving it 2 stars instead of 1 is because my room was nice enough. The bed was very comfortable and the air conditioning thankfully worked and kept the room at a nice temperature for me. The front of the building looks like they're not even open. Don't be fooled by the pictures you see online because they haven't been updated in a while. They don't bother to turn the lights on on their parking lot at night and there is no sign on the front of the building.
Rating: 5
Text: Hotel was nice looking service was great beds were extremely comfy
Rating: 3
Text: It's currently going through some construction. The rooms are clean and the staff is friendly and helpful
