Ramada Indianapolis Airport
Rating: 5
Text: Nicely priced, very clean. The rooms and some other parts of the hotel are starting to show their age. Breakfast area has a weird layout, but the breakfast was quite good. Front desk clerk was pleasant. Oh, the rooms are huge! Lots of open space, so much room for activities!
Rating: 2
Text: This is your typical airport hotel.  Not much to distinguish it from the others.  That's unfortunate, but it's true.  The breakfast is okay, but again nothing special.

The only standout experience I had was when the front desk employee came into the common room on the first floor where my friends and I were playing a quiet card game and yelled at us for making too much noise.  There was another group across the room that was being a little loud, but it didn't seem like it was enough to disturb anyone.  The employee came again about a half hour later and yelled at us for the second time threatening to kick us out of the room if we didn't quiet down.  Again, not us, but we took the punishment.  I really feel like she shouldn't have made a scene and she certainly should've paid attention to which group was being loud.
Rating: 4
Text: This was very nice and spacious for what I paid for. The pillows were clean and huge. The room was giant despite it being just me. The free breakfast included was the best part. Waffles, biscuits and gravy, and some fruit all as much as I could eat. It wasn't the "cleanest" hotel I'd ever seen; the mattress did have a couple stains and the bathroom had a couple spots on the ceiling. But other than that it was clean and well made. Giant bed, giant pillows, giant breakfast, giant room. Pretty awesome for how cheap it is.
Rating: 2
Text: The place does have some parking. The staff at the reception is really friendly. The hotel seems to be clean from the outside. When I entered my room I found that there were poop stains on the toilet bowl. Other than that the room was pretty clean. I had booked the room for two nights, however next morning a girl walked into my room with her own set of keys, thinking that it was her own room. I went back down to the reception and the receptionist apologized saying that it was an honest mistake and she had assigned a new customer the same room that I was staying at. Other than that I got what I paid for as far as the hotel is concerned.
Rating: 4
Text: The customer service started off not that great.  They forgot to tell shuttle to pick us sup, but once we were picked up everything went great.  Great customer service. We got discount & large room for the mistake with the shuttle.  The room was clean.  There was a bug in the room but it was dead.  So that was a little scary but aside from that the room was clean & we had a great night.  We only stayed 1 night.
