Ramada Des Moines Airport
Rating: 5
Text: I came to this hotel expecting a great experience and the entire staff did not disappoint!! Let's start with the friendly and personable shuttle driver. Once I reached the hotel, literally 5 minutes later, the front desk staff was full of energy, friendly, and quick to make the check-in process go as smoothly as possible. My check-in took less than 5 minutes.....trust me I was timing. On my way to my room, one of the employees from housekeeping could see I was lost and even when she gave me directions, she offered to escort me to my room. Now that's costumer service!!!! I truly enjoyed my room. The bed was comfortable and I LOVE all the pillows! There is a restaurant attached to the hotel called Big Al's.  There Mac and cheese was damn good, I felt a level of guilt while eating. I go to Des Moines, twice a year for work and I will stay no where else but Ramada!!
Rating: 4
Text: Nice staff.  Comfy beds.  Large warm indoor pool.  Dirty washcloth, however, was draped over tub side when we got our room.  Busy breakfast area; good hot meal. Would stay there again.
Rating: 1
Text: The rooms are amazing, though I've run into an issue with management! I was staying there recently with a friend who had fallen on hard times. He works in the mornings so I had to call down to the front desk to let them know that we needed an extension on the room. A couple of minutes later, a member of the front desk staff is sent up to my room to inform me that the GM wanted to speak with me due to issues with the room rate. Not because I was being loud or disruptive, not because I had broken any rules. So I head downstairs where I meet up with her, and she tells me that I am to present her with an ID and a form of payment because she refused to charge the card that was on file (even though she already had due to check out being @12 and it was already 1pm so it was considered a stay over.)
So I informed her of the situation, and told her that the reason my friend wasn't present was due to him working. I also informed her that I've worked in the hospitality industry, so I'm aware of the proper procedure for issues such as this. That apparently got on her nerves, because she responded with, "I'm the manager and this is how I do things. Now if I can't get ahold of your friend then you'll have to be out by 1:30 or I'm calling the police."
I'm sitting here wondering why that's even necessary when all she has to do is call my friend. So she calls him and he picks up after I tell him what's going on. He gives her the okay to charge the card (which once again she already had due to it being a stay over) and she renews my key. She then turns around and asks me to present my ID to her, yet doesn't explain why. The rooms are excellent and I don't want this one incompetent manager to ruin my experience but I don't appreciate being threatened with the police when I've done no wrong.
Rating: 4
Text: New, clean rooms. Breakfast was provided, the salsa tasty. It is nice that they provide a free shuttle downtown. It was a reliable service.
Rating: 4
Text: Very neat and clean. Helpful and courteous staff. On site restaurant a bit over priced but food was very good.
