Ramada Limited Crawfordsville
Rating: 2
Text: I would have to agree with the other reviews. We were 4 guys on a Harley ride. The area motels were filling up fast so we took this place. No bed bugs. Rooms relatively clean. Not the best area but no real concerns. $9 beers at the strip joint next door.
Rating: 2
Text: Where to start...well first of all the location is not family friendly, with there being a strip club literally next door. There's no elevator, so if you're handicapped forget about getting a room on the second floor. The breakfast was the worst hotel breakfast I've ever had, with the selection limited to cereal, oatmeal, or waffles. The rooms weren't deep cleaned. There was blood on one of the sheets and questionable white stains on the furniture to accompany the generally bad smell of the room. They advertised that there were roll away beds available, but there wasn't so one of us had to sleep on the floor (gross). The pool was small, and with the rest of the place being so questionable we didn't even want to go in it. It was pretty cheap to stay here, so I guess for the price it could have been worse. So if you want to book here at the Ramada Limited, just remember there's an emphasis on the word "Limited".
Rating: 1
Text: This place is awful. Reserved 3 rooms for a family weekend. One room had no fridge or microwave, which was requested. One room had molded coffee left in the coffee pot. Rooms was just dirty, pictures falling off the wall, hallway smelled of sewer. When addressing the issues at front desk, they seemed to care less. Would not recommend.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff, ESPECIALLY THE FRONT DESK, were extremely rude!! Every night our key cards were deactivated REGARDLESS of the hotel's knowledge of the length of our stay!! Terrible location as well; literally next door to the strip club!!
Rating: 1
Text: One star is too much! 
Bed bugs!!!!! Dirty! Terrible management!! 
This was absolutely the worst hotel experience I have ever had. We found a bed bug crawling across one of our bags. We immediately checked out, notified staff, and even left some of our items in the room. The manager is never on duty and does not return calls when he is. We were charged for nights we didn't even stay. We were refunded one night and then charged for it again. I turned to the BBB of Indiana for resolution because the manager was not willing to refund our stay.
I almost forgot to mention the strip club next door! Find another hotel! In fact, find another town all together! Crawfordsville is dirty!
