Ramada Lexington North Hotel & Conference Center
Rating: 1
Text: The lobby is really nice... the rest of the hotel is an active dumpster fire! Let's start off with getting into your hookers delight of a room. The door handles lift up to open the door... what kind of sorcery is that. Apparently the contractor who installed those missed the 'Installing Door Handles 101' class at the old community college. After a solid effort to open the doors we finally made it into the room. Well let me tell you, it sure didn't get any better. The room smelled like a toddler drank a litre of milk and immediately threw up all over the pristine circa 1970's carpet. On to the not so upscale bathroom. Well, they tried to update a few things in there, but it seems the same rocket scientist that installed the door knobs attempted to expand his horizons into the world of tiling. The grout in the showers is completely disintegrating and likely wasn't meant for use in a shower. If it's an absolute last resort it's better than a park bench, but try everywhere else first.
Rating: 1
Text: As others have said, this place is rundown and dirty. Hallways smelled like alcohol and cigarette smoke. My son found a pill in the floor in our room - thankfully we caught him before it went down the hatch. Staff was friendly, but the old adage "you get what you pay for" applies to the Ramada. Paid $175 for two rooms rather than $330 for a nicer property. 

Pool was closed due to a mechanical problem - awful news when you've been in a car for 10 hours with a 3 and 1 year old who needed to burn off the car crazies. 

This was just a stop over in the way home - next time we'll spend the extra money and get a nicer place.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was clean. The bed was comfortable. Staff was friendly and the breakfast was good. The building was in good shape, but it seemed slightly dated. The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is because the WiFi didn't work.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice quiet clean and friendly atmosphere. Plenty of rooms available . house keeping does a great job. 
Plenty of places for smoking. Even out the window onto the balcony. If you enjoy a quiet walk at night this is the place.
Rating: 3
Text: On the whole OK, but the hotel needs to pay attention the little things to be on par with the rest of the chain.

The good:
Location and price were excellent.  Beds were comfortable with plenty of thick pillows.  Remodeled sections of the hotel are nice.  Broad TV channel selection.  Thick and large Ramada towels.  Fridge and microwave in room.  Plenty of outlets.  Small but clean and sufficient bathroom.  Breakfast selection is OK, but not inspired.

The not so good:
Physical plant showing its age.  The room was in need of remodeling, but was OK.  The striker plate and deadbolt receptacle areas on the room entrance door frame had a large gaping crack like someone once kicked the door in, although the door still locked securely.  The large mini-fridge was missing the middle shelf and desperately needed defrosting, and the microwave was missing the turntable, although the turntable plate was there.
