Ramada Topeka Downtown Hotel and Convention Center
Rating: 4
Text: There was both a police convention and Kansas state government officials here during our stay. This made me think it was a safe place and made us feel comfortable during our stay. It has a very nice pool and hot tub. They were extremely busy and we had to wait for our room. (Good thing... It gave us time to shop.  Bad... We were supposed to get some kind of compensation for being patient and having to wait and check in late, but this never happened.)  At night we noticed a red light in our ac vent.  We were paranoid about getting undressed after that, as we've never seen that anywhere before.
Rating: 5
Text: Great service...comfortable rooms. We really enjoyed the breakfast buffet. Their dining area is quite lovely. It's a wonderful eating experience. Nice swimming pool. Love the wifi.
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed here to attend a concert at the Topeka Performance Center.  Didn't care for the first two rooms offered, both internal with no windows, poor ventilation and too heavy fragrance.  Third room was nice, sunlight and minus the fragrances that give me headaches.  Hotel provided shuttle service to and from the concert,  a big plus due to parking concerns and inclement weather.  Cover was provided in the pick up area at the concert venue and at the hotel when exiting the vehicle.  Rooms were a bit dated, but comfortable and clean.  Surrounding area was a bit sketchy and there weren't many amenities.  Noticed that the West Side of Topeka was far nicer and had more restaurants, shopping and attractions.
Rating: 4
Text: Very clean, pleasant stay, comfortable beds, quiet, even with a full hotel. Down side was one of their 2 elevators broke down on our floor preventing the second elevator from being able to be called to our floor. We found the emergency stairwell led to the back of their empty kitchen or to their empty basement area.  They needed signs to direct customers how to get to the lobby.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean.  The staff is very polite and courteous.  Breakfast was wonderful!  They could accommodate a larger family in a room with 3 queens which can be hard to come by.  I would come back!
