Ramada Tropics Resort / Conference Center Des Moines
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible stay. Staff in pool area were younger girls they were extremely rude and when I told them the restroom stinks and needs clean they both gave me a dirty look. Kids running through halls yelling. Woke up the next morning went to take a shower and no hot water. Called up to front desk and desk clerk said she would check on it but never got back to me so it left my 3yr old and i stuck taking a cold shower. Also when we were getting ready to leave I seen a cockroach crawling on the wall. When checking out I didn't get a apology all I got from the desk clerk was I can take 20 percent off your bill. Not happy when paying $144 for a night. I definitely would not stay here again!
Rating: 5
Text: We've stayed at the Ramada Tropics twice now and both times were excellent stays. Both times we stayed were overnight breaks while traveling between Minnesota and Missouri and provided us with some much-needed down time. At both visits I had my grandchildren with me and they had a blast at the pool area. I enjoyed a clean, quiet room and a good night's sleep. On our second visit a wedding reception was going on near our room. We were told it would end at midnight, but even though the music could be heard from the hallway, I could not hear any noise from within the room! 
Last, but not least, this is a pet friendly hotel that only charges $10 for their pet fee. This is awesome and greatly appreciated!
We will always choose you when passing through, Ramada Tropics!
Rating: 5
Text: Everything about the Ramada Tropics Resort is amazing! Great clean rooms, the indoor water park is fantastic for kids or adults. Go see Cory at the tiki bar he made us some of the best drinks we've ever had! The price is the best part, the room was very reasonable and the drinks and restaurant are an incredible value!
Rating: 3
Text: The kids have fun at the water park. There are a good number of staff "lifeguards" on duty. We still keep a very close eye on them. It's a bit older, and needs a remodel at some point. The food was nothing special. All that said, it is what it is. Go there for the water park. If you don't have kids, this isn't the hotel for you.
Rating: 5
Text: Had such a fantastic time the first night, we stayed a second night. The food in the restaurant was amazing, and the pool area and slides were so much fun!! The staff was very friendly and hard working. We will be bringing our family with us next time we come. Loved it!!
