Ramada Limited Bloomington
Rating: 1
Text: The negative experience started the moment we checked in.  After having confirm six weeks ago that the hotel had a room that would accommodate my disability, I found out that this was not the case.  Employees themselves are not aware of what they could offer a disabled person.  This lack of knowledge could really harm someone with a disability, as it could leave them unable to find a room that could meet their needs in any fashion.  Because I was not able to find a hotel that could meet my needs, we decided to try and make the work this room work at the Ramada.  When we entered the room, we noticed a slight smell, but we decided to live with it because we are tired.  The room was not clean. The walls had stains and there were spots on the ceiling.  The sheets had some type of stain on it, and the bed cover had a small urine stain on it.  The sink in the bathroom was not clean, along with any of the surfaces in the hotel room.  The air conditioning unit smelled when it was operated.  During the night I heard scratching, and just before waking up, it was apparent that there was a mouse running around in a room.  And then dawned on us that the smell  was a mouse nest, and there was a mouse living in the air conditioning unit.  I politely inform the front desk. However, I was not offered any type of compensation.

UPDATE: The manager called on 11/7/17 and apologized for the error. He took responsibility for not properly training his staff. Apparently, there was a room that would have fulfilled my original request. He then reimbursed me 1/2 of what I paid, which I was pleased with.
Rating: 5
Text: Well maintained, modem and quiet room, somewhat small but not cramped. It was neat and clean, I was really surprised at the extremely reasonable rate. Less than a third of the hotel two nights ago. Possibly the lowest cost room that I've had outside of a hostel
Rating: 1
Text: Charges unexplained and not able to get an explanation for several days. Desk clerk not cooperative until I called the head of the chain. Desk clerk carried on conversation very rudely and only then was I given an explanation of charges. Desk clerk claimed She was there last three days I claimed to have been calling for an explanation. I produced phone records proving my calls. Still continued to say I did not call. Never would stay again. Poor management. Rooms were small but clean and nice but it's a shame to have rude clerks.
Rating: 2
Text: Pool freezing and way too much chlorine-  kids coughing like crazy after 10 min. in the pool.  The rooms smelled and we had to move to 3 different rooms to find one that didn't give me a headache.  Customer service is poor- we had to plunge our own toilet and the credit card used to hold the room has a hold on it for up to 10 days, even though it was not used to pay that way.  Management just basically said oh well that is the way it is.  Very disappointed.  The only good thing was breakfast.  Won't stay there again
Rating: 1
Text: Very Very Very poor. We checked in, went to our room, then we walked next door to have dinner & when we came back someone else had our room. So they gave us another room that had a very foul odor that smelled like urine, the wife was in our new room as I went down to the car for a few things & when I returned to our room there was a problem with the door lock & I couldn't get back in. The manager came up with me & we tried the card a few times & once he even accused my wife of locking the door from the inside. Which she never did. And now we're still in that room.  I hope and pray there is no fire & this happens!!! The only reason it has a star is because I had to rate it. Otherwise it wouldn't had any stars for my rating! THIS IS NOT RIGHT IN ANY FORM!!! ESP. WHEN IT COMES TO SAFETY!!!!
