Ramada Waukegan/Gurnee
Rating: 3
Text: For the price it was OK. Stained carpet in the room but everything else was fine. Pool area was very dark. Not enough lighting. The staff was very nice and responsive though. For the money I'd say its a decent place. The attached bar was a bonus
Rating: 1
Text: There was mice in the rooms. The showers are never clean. The phones do not work. The heat does not work and it was 30 degrees outside. There is no one ever at the front desk and management doesn't care. The showers stop up so the tub fills up if you try to take a shower. The bedding had lipstick on it and the towels had a red stain. It was truly appalling and i wish i could get my money back. It seems soooo unsanitary. Extremely disgusted and dissatisfied.
Rating: 1
Text: STAY AWAY!!  RATE THIS HOTEL LESS THAN A STAR .  Started off with walking through hallways and it smelling like water, mold, and mildew. Walked up the stairs to our room smelled like drugs and cigarettes - we requested a non smoking room and it was but apparently rules were being broken. Our actual room smelled terrible we actually bought febreeze to spray throughout the room to help with the smell. 
      We felt we were taken advantage of having gone here for a family members Navy graduation. 
   My family and I are very disappointed with the hotel quality and the customer service.  No housekeeping was done and no breakfast as advertised. 
 The pictures online were very deceiving this hotel is not worth paying more than $20 / night. No housekeeping was done and no breakfast as advertised. 
   My family and I were lied to and we are very disappointed. This has been one of the most worst hotel experiences we have had ever.
Rating: 3
Text: Was a decent place to stay.  They have a shuttle to the naval graduation, and you can easily catch an Uber to the train station to go to Chicago.    Room was clean.  The window leaked when it rained and the shower curtain was torn.  Also we stayed 4 days and only saw maid 1 time.   But I would stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: We found this hotel by searching for places to stay for a Navy graduation. The pics online are extremely misleading, I have never been to such a run down place, it was filthy & very stinky. Nothing online matched what was actually on site. Very disappointing. The ONLY good thing was, they refunded our $ without question. They didn't seem to care , or even ask why we were disappointed & never offered to make any changes. Very sad:/
