Ramada Lansing Hotel and Conference Center
Rating: 4
Text: Convenient location next to the freeway. Rates are very cheap for a hotel offering a hot breakfast in the morning. It was quite a good breakfast too. Pool is big and the area is nice. You can tell the hotel is older with a few carpet stains here and there. Overall a great spot for a hotel room
Rating: 2
Text: The staff was nice. The breakfast was pretty good. It has a nice restaurant attached to it. Those things I liked. It was clearly an old building. The decor is extremely outdated, which I don't really care about one way or another, but I was only about 50/50 that I was going to live through my elevator ride(even though it's only 3 stories) and it was not clean looking. The bed was clean, which thank God for that, but I wasn't comfortable walking barefoot with how the carpet looked, and I had to clean my toilet before I was comfortable using it. The room was spacious and had a nice desk and chair which was nice because I had work to do, however when it was done, I had a hard time falling asleep until late because the rooms surrounded the pool area and it sounded like I was trying to sleep... Well, right next to a pool. Good news though for people who like hotels with pools, theirs is open late 
Rating: 5
Text: Spotless inside and out. Very polite and friendly staff. Pool was huge and hot tub was perfect. Restaurant on-site "Finleys" was delicious and received 15% off for being a guest. Best deal around that area! 100% RECOMMEND!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Some of the better prices for hotels in the Lansing area.  The pool is big, and rooms are clean. But, the building does need some repairs. (Roof over pool would be a good starting point. )
Rating: 1
Text: Not only were the facilities of this hotel the worst I have ever seen, the absolute disregard for service was apauling. 

I initially chose this hotel because when I was requesting information on booking, the receptionist I spoke with said they paid with my employer for direct billing. This is perfect because I will need five nights and I get those paid for by my work. Fast forward to checking in, as I go to check in I am told that direct billing is not an option. So this is my first issue, miscommunication on how the room will be charged. The clerk I spoke to when checking in was (at this time,nice) and worked with me on getting a room for one night, on my expense, until I spoke with my supervisor the next day to figure out what to do for rooms the rest of the week. The clerk and I spoke and had a verbal agreement that I would not know what I will be able to do until after 4pm the next day. Again, we agreed that I would not be charged until the next day when I returned once I had information on how I was going to proceed with my room. During the next day I spoke with my supervisor, I changed hotels to one with direct billing and all was good. I would get paid back for the room at Ramada for that night. So I go to check out of my room at 4:12pm the next day. As agreed the night before with the same clerk I spoke to. He then proceeds to tell me that I will be paying for two nights, I didn’t check out in time so I was charged again. You can understand my frustration when, after this same clerk and I had an agreement the night before on when I would check out, now is charging me again. After much arguing and speaking to his manager I was able to get the second night removed from the charges. I understand there is a checkout time and that there are rules and policy, but when you and I have an understanding and we agree that I need a late checkout. Then you turn around and tell me checkout is at 12:00pm sorry. That is very poor customer service and human recourse skills. 

Normally I can overlook the shortcomings of a facility if it has good service. The building is old, okay. The furnishings are somingthing from the late 70’s, alright. Even though the elevators that sounded like they were carting an elephant on board and struggled to go up and down, they worked. But when you have all of that, AND the horrible services I received. I just can’t keep it to myself. I understand a business needs to make money, and most people would just pay it and be on their way. But not me, and I want to warn everyone about how terrible this hotel is. There is so much more I could touch on to describe the poor quality of this hotel but I would be here all day, anyway I believe my point has been made. 

NEVER STAY AT THE RAMADA.
