Ramada Topeka West
Rating: 4
Text: Our one-night-stay was pleasant. The room was big and clean. The bed was very comfortable, and breakfast was great. We would definitely stay again.  My only complaint would be a slow shower drain and outdated lamps. Not much to pick on here.  Come on,  people, at $72 for a Saturday night, nobody needs to get all snippy about how plain the ice bucket is.  No complaints here.
Rating: 3
Text: This place was clean, the staff was nice. The pool was very small and had only one slide. There was arcade games and a pool table right outside our room which was annoying. The place was pretty run down for a Ramada Inn. The bathroom had a lowered ceiling with tiles that had tissue paper stuffed in a whole. If you have kids, this is an okay place to stop. If you are just looking for a place quiet to sleep, then I would say go somewhere else. The place is enclosed and most of the doors all face into the pool area where the noise echos when kids are playing in the pool.
Rating: 5
Text: I got here late at night to stop and sleep. I called ahead to reserve a room and they upgraded me when I got there to a business king. The hotel itself was so cool. All the balconies and front doors were facing inward toward the really awesome 3 story slide into the indoor pool. I wish I was a kid and would have been there during pool hours so I could play! When I got to my room, it was not only more than I expected or needed but it was very clean and comfortable. When I pulled the blackout curtains I could not see any light from the lobby. It's pet friendly as well. Next time I come through here I plan to stay at this place again. Hopefully then I'll be able to try out the breakfast! 
Rating: 2
Text: My room was in a convenient location, but my stay was unpleasant. A fire alarm was set off several times, interrupting my rest from 6am onward, after a late check-in. I barely got any sleep. No one answered the phone at the front desk when we called about it, and no one was working the desk when we showed up to check out. Lastly, the rates were increased at pay time from the quote I got over the phone when I booked the room because I had a pet, information that I provided before I booked. The lady at check in had no idea we had a pet until I brought it up again. I would try other options if I were doing this again, the lack of sleep really messed up my trip schedule.
Rating: 4
Text: Ramada Topeka West was located in agreat spot. Things were nice but dated. Rooms were ample but no trash cans, limited towels and few hard to find ice machines. Few vending machines , could have had extra pillows. Hotel staff are great and breakfast was adequate and good. Was in a fantastic location. Would stay again.
