Red Roof Plus+ Columbus - The Ohio State University
Rating: 5
Text: Had to make a last minute trip to Columbus. Picked the Red Roof Plus because there was no time for distraction or sightseeing, therefore I was only interested in a clean bed and coffee in the a.m.

Although the room was small, it was perfect! Exceptionally clean room, nice shower with decent food near by. I have stayed in Columbus' finest hotels and I will pick this RR+, as I can get 3 rooms for the price of one night at the Hilton across the street. Don't let the price fool you. This hotel is a hidden gem within a world of unnecessary amenities. 

For those who take a star off for towels and wash cloths, you are able to go to the desk and ask for one.

I also appreciate their "green" options. I hope they never change, it was excellent!
Rating: 4
Text: Downtown is an easy and fairly short drive away. I went from Lobby to Short North in abt 20 minutes on a weekday afternoon. Room was decent. Bathroom door was hard to close. Service was standard for a hotel. Nothing made it stunning.
Rating: 3
Text: The pros: 
1. Being close to a food outlet (avoid the Afghan fast-food!! Gives you diarrhea!) 
2. Fairly close to Ohio State University campus 
3. Nice iron and iron table in rooms 

The cons: 
1. Dangerous coffee maker in all rooms!! Be very careful if you are gonna make two cups of coffee with it ... It spills very hot water out!!  terrible and dangerous product! 
2. No breakfast 
3. Some rooms have poor WiFi signal 
4. Very soft bed
5. Terrible soap for the bathroom sink 
6. High price for the mediocre service
Rating: 3
Text: Room not very convenient.  No counter in bathroom, only sink. Standing in the tub for a shower was like standing in a barrel cut length ways. You had to hold the wall and rail or you would fall, the bottom was curved. I will give credit, it was clean and clerks were nice.
Rating: 4
Text: Really comfy and clean rooms. Quite, especially for being so close to Ohio state campus. The only reason I didn't give five stars is because the amenities are very basic. Each room does have a mini fridge and microwave, which is convenient.
