Red Roof Inn St. Louis-Westport
Rating: 4
Text: Comfortable sized rooms without nasty carpet! Separate vanity from bathroom and 'hardwood' flooring made my wheelchair a non-issue. Dog-walk areas located conveniently around the property as well as vending, ice, and laundry($1.25/machine ?).
Red Roof is now my choice hotel for travel.

*Three stays at this location have all been comfortable and convenient.
However, each time I reserved online I was charged a higher amount upon arrival regardless of confirmation numbers.
First stay $85 overcharge
Second stay $35 overcharge as well as being charged twice (for the higher amount)
Third stay (in process of being addressed)

No price match offer for same rooms nearby
Rating: 3
Text: We walked into the room and it smelled like wet dog. 
We walked around and there was dog hair on the floor.
I went to sleep and the over bearing smell of wet dog was bothersome. 
But I kept thinking, what if a dog pissed on this bed?
We could hear the people talking in the next room all night.

The staff was super friendly and polite.
There was coffee at the front office.
parking was ample.
The beds and pillows were comfy.
The tub was clean
The towels were clean

This is a good place is you have a pet and don't mind the wet dog smell.
Rating: 2
Text: The owner of the Motel do not have any customer service skills he seems to believe he can treat guests anyway he feels like, am only staying here because is what my employer chooses to put me in while on my route. Allways find the rooms are not completely clean. My advice bring your own cleaning wipes and bug spray killer.
Rating: 5
Text: Best motel around. Very clean rooms with hardwood flooring, extremely nice staff. Comfy, clean beds. They actually just replaced the beds, so there is no problem. Good TV reception with HDMI hookups for game systems or DVD players. Pet friendly, and everyone with pets is very respectful. Strongly recommended you stay here if you need to. Cheap amd great!
Rating: 1
Text: I regrettably stayed here for 2 nights and the room and bathroom is uncomfortably small for my liking. This establishment seems to be ran by a bunch Indians who barely speak English and are extremely stingy about providing you with extra items such as a towel. Will not recommend. Also room service could barely speak/understand English and didn't knock before trying to barge into my room. Luckily I had the security lock engaged. And there were no "do not disturb" signs that hotels usually provide to place on your door handle.
