Red Roof Inn Indianapolis South
Rating: 1
Text: By far the worst hotel experience I have ever had in my life.  Our room smelled like cigarettes even though all rooms are "smoke free".  When we talked to the staff about it, they said there was nothing they could do about it, and claimed it was "the cleaning stuff the maids use" that we were smelling.  Actually saw one of the maids cleaning a room cigarette in hand when we were leaving the hotel.  I am glad to see that not EVERYONE has had as poor of an experience me, but I will never stay at this hotel again.  To be perfectly honest, I would rather sleep in my car in South Indianapolis then stay at this Red Roof Inn.
Rating: 5
Text: I have stayed here the different times and I've always been happy. Clean and comfortable room for a reasonable price! With this (my third) stay, I was upgraded to the nice room for free for being a loyal customer. Thanks everyone for being so awesome and helpful!
Rating: 1
Text: Don’t stay here!!!! Smoke free is a joke , the rooms smell like a smokehouse. Bedding smell like urine. Don’t check in after 7...  no one can help you and the person on nights is crazy and very unprofessional.  Rude service and not clean!!!!! I switched rooms 3 times. It was a nightmare staying here. Would have rather slept in my car over staying here.1/4 of a star rating.
Rating: 4
Text: I was in for GenCon. The Staff was friendly at check in and check out, and my room was very clean and smelled nice too.  I am a smoker and I never choose a smoking room as I won't smoke in my own home, so it was nice that they have only non-smoking rooms, yet have easy access to smoker's outposts throughout the property. 

They have a lot of Semis parked all over - this is somewhat common as many trucking companies contract with certain hotel chains for their drivers, but still always a parking nuisance.  

I can't bring myself to give a five star review as the hotel was just nice, but not 5-Stars by any means, but I would stay there again.
Rating: 5
Text: Reading some of these reviews, I don't know what some people expect. It's a budget/pet-friendly hotel.  The room was clean, AC worked and the area felt safe.  Only complaint was no fridge in my room, but perhaps other rooms have them. Overall it was a good place to crash for 12 hours before hitting the road again.
