Red Roof Inn Scottsburg
Rating: 1
Text: I'm rating this place a one star because after I complained to them about the state of UNCLEANLINESS of my bathroom, they offered a small discount on my stay. Instead of discounting my stay they charged me even more money. Even with the bathroom, I would have given it a 3 star review because you can tell the rooms were recently updated and the guy was nice.
Rating: 1
Text: Filthy room and a very run down Red Roof Inn. The room was not clean, bugs on floor, toilet unclean, etc. not even toilet paper so I had to ask for a roll! The ice machine was in a room with food trash thrown on the floor, no trash receptacle and no one at the inn cleaned it up. Clearly this place is poorly run, and if it hadn't been so late and i wasn't so tired, I  would have found another hotel.  In the end, I had my own disinfectant wipes so I cleaned all the surfaces, door handles, etc. I have complained to corporate about this inn, don't stay here.
Rating: 3
Text: Good bang for the buck. More attention to detail could be paid to cleanliness. They had vacancies when all the other motels around we're booked.
Rating: 1
Text: That is a negative one star[-?] rating!!!!!Seriously!!!  This place is a dump. I understand you get what you pay for, but this is ridiculous.  The floor in my room hasn't been swept or mopped in ages. The bathtub had hair, soap scum, and dried soap smears where the soap rests in the tub.  The toilet has probably never been scrubbed. The vent in the bathroom comes on when you turn light in and was loud as a freight train. The room smelled stale. The air conditioner hardly worked. Not a single other car was in the parkinglot. I seen a syringe cap in the parkinglot. The lady at desk didnt speak english very well. And to top it all off, as a cash paying customer I had to pay a $100.00 deposit. Unbelievable!  I feel like I just paid to sleep in an alley or a land fill or something.  I read the reviews before I booked, but it was the only one in the direction I was travelling and decently priced, especially for the weekend. So, I decided to give benefit of doubt and went ahead and booked. So all I can say is they lived up to their reputation...I dont advise staying here.  You've been warned.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean place, cozy enough for a one-night stay-over. Good parking, not too busy. Several restaurant options nearby. 
