Red Roof Inn & Suites Berea
Rating: 5
Text: The staff there is amazing. We were in town for a wedding and long story short we needed a place for the rehursal dinner very quickly and they were more than happy to help us out. The only one complaint I would have at all is that there was no refrigerator there it was cold enough outside that, that did not matter. Other than that the place was clean and no other complaints.
Rating: 1
Text: The plus's: pet friendly and convenient to 75. 

The minuses : no fridge , microwave , or alarm clock in the "standard " room. Basic cable no on demand (cable goes to channel 64) . The pool is too warm and no hot tub . Housekeeping is slow or does not respond . Breakfast is lacking. We got down to the breakfast and they were out of milk so you couldn't have any cereal and they didn't have any other drinks besides coffee since the milk was gone I have a 2 year old son so he can't have coffee?? Management didn't offer to run down the street and get more milk they just" Shrugged their shoulders" . The halls smelled highly of cigarettes. The outside doors don't lock . Found bugs in room and only offered 20.00 off a 90.00 room.  Going home itchy and hungry . Will never stay again .
Rating: 4
Text: The location is a bit interesting in that it's a little offset. The building and rooms themselves were gorgeous. However, apparently Berea attracts thieves because there wad no refrigerator in our room
Rating: 4
Text: I booked a birthday pool party on 5/15/17 for Saturday 5/20/17. When I went to check in for my party, the person who took my booking incorrectly booked my party for 5/13/17! There was another party booked for the time we were supposed to have been there! The manager offered both me and the other party a free party each, share the pool area, the other party got to use the breakfast room, while we enjoyed 2 free rooms for the evening! The other party graciously agreed, so we both got to have our pool parties!
Rating: 5
Text: Incredibly surprised. Very affordable. Super nice. Clean. Polite and friendly staff. Decent breakfast. No problems.  No complaints. 
