Red Rabbit Inn
Rating: 5
Text: The Red Rabbit Inn is a great place to get away from it all. Beautifully situated in the south Indiana forest near Lemon Lake. Our visit was great in every way. The rooms are decorated in a whimsical blend of Indiana hill country with New Mexico south western influences. it really works and will keep you interested through out your visit.  And  of course there is Joyce and Mike.  Our wonderfully warm and friendly host, making you feel welcome, comfortable and at home immediately. We brought dinner in from Bloomington and enjoyed the hot tub in the late evening with a bottle of wine. The next morning at 9 AM as promised Mike brought up an unbelievable breakfast spread of bacon and sausage Quesadillas, with delicious breakfast cookies, coffee cake, banana bread, melon, fruit and yogurt compote ... perfectly prepared. 
Definitely added to our growing list of great places to overnight in southern Indiana while cruising the country lanes on our Harley. 
Thanks Joyce and Mike!
Rating: 5
Text: When my boyfriend told me we were going to be staying in a cabin at a B&B for our IU Basketball weekend, I packed accordingly-- tons of layers, snow boots, even an extra blanket. None of those things were necessary. 

The Red Rabbit Inn turned out to be the PERFECT location for our getaway. These 'cabins' did not leave us wanting in the slightest. Everything we could have possibly needed was at our disposal. A fully stocked, modernized kitchen greeted us, followed by a spacious yet cozy living room complete with cable, a DVD player AND movies, and finally as we walked upstairs to the lofted bedroom we smiled at a gorgeous queen sized bed, well sized closet and rocking chair. 

The details in these cabins is ridiculous and worth noting. Clearly, expertly designed-- every room follows a different color palate to a T. Small trinkets and art are crafted by local artists. 

Mike and Joyce were the most welcoming hosts. Their home is located only a short walk away from the cabins so even if we did need anything, we didn't have to go far. They invited us to happy hour every evening in their home where we were served a full cheese, wine and beer spread. 

Coming from Chicago, RRI was the perfect destination to leave us feeling relaxed, refreshed and recharged to face the hustle and bustle of city life. And yet, since RRI is only 10mi away from Bloomington, if we decided we missed urban life enough, the journey would not have been far. We got to the game at Assembly Hall with ease-- not only are Joyce and Mike season ticket holders and were nice enough to offer us a ride, they also knew when are where to go to avoid traffic. 

Essentially, this trip exceeded my expectations in every way that I cannot wait to visit again! Maybe next time during warmer weather to take advantage of the hot tub and pond fishing both located in the backyard of the cabins.
Rating: 5
Text: 
