Red Roof Inn Lansing West
Rating: 3
Text: The front desk manager was lovely. She saved me a room on the ground floor. Unfortunately, the sink had a clog that took awhile to drain. My nonsmoking room smelled like cigarettes. People living in the rooms tend to smoke outside their doors, so I think many of the rooms could smell the same. 
But it was clean and quiet and affordable. And welcoming to my dog. I was only there for a few hours, but it felt like people stayed for longer, as there was a makeshift table and BBQ grill out back.
Rating: 4
Text: In need of a last-minute emergency hotel, Red Roof Inn Lansing West came through. Price was very reasonable. Room was clean. Grounds were well maintained and I felt safe during my stay. It was quiet and close to restaurants and just about any amenity you may need. All in all its a great option if you're looking for an inexpensive, clean place to crash.
Rating: 4
Text: Nikki the front desk clerk was terrific! She was quite busy yet handled my check in cheerfully while juggling other responsibilities simultaneously. A cheerful greeting at the end of a long day makes all the difference in the world. The room itself was as one would expect for $62.00. Most accomodations at this end of the scale are comparable. These types of rooms still retain a smokey smell from when that was permitted. That said, I would return albiet with odor absorbing candles...
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms are great, good location to many resturants and bars. Front office staff was super nice and quickly checked me in. They saw my preference for 1st floor and acknowledge that which was nice, also received my 2 bottles of water and I didn't have to ask. Will stay again. 
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible,Horrible,experience. Brand new phone stolen out of the room.Was solicited by front desks friend,who was staying on her discount. Borrowed fortyfive for room,never paid it back.Also police escorted off,so no refund, refused. The solicitor was also a prostitute. Paid over three hundred for a week. Only two nights into the room. Please Be very careful.!!!!!!
