Red Roof Inn Indianapolis North - College Park
Rating: 2
Text: Rooms only get cleaned every other day, had to go and ask for clean towels every day. The 24 hour coffee was cold and tasted burnt. Room needs updated but was clean. Ceiling in room has water damaged and is peeling off. Carpet felt and looked gross. Bed was comfortable and slept decently. Small bathrooms but clean.
Rating: 1
Text: FILTHY !!! I pulled back to bed covers to find flakes of skin, pubic hairs, about 4 dead bugs, a dirty spot, and it was quite clear that the sheets were not new because of all the stuff that was on them but they were also extremely wrinkled. 
When I walked in there was a smell of mildew. When I got to the bathroom and started to go to take my shower I realized why. The carpet was quite wet. There are all sorts of things on the floor which tells me that it has not been swept with a sweeper. I'm going to report this to her corporate offices. I am also going to call up the city so that the Board of Health can know what's going on here. I stayed here many years ago and it was quite fine for a Red Roof Inn.
But this is quite disgusting: and I'm wanting to check out, but I can't because I'm too exhausted to load up the car again.
SHAME !
Rating: 5
Text: I've stayed at this hotel a handful of times. The hotel rooms are well kept. There is some carpet damage ever now and then, but nothing that is disrupting to the stay. Great place for an affordable price!
Rating: 5
Text: (9/16/2017) For a 12:30 am check in, this place was very accommodating, very friendly staff and the room is fully renovated. For my friend and I, the $65 price with the taxes was a great deal. We check the room over for bed bugs and other things people mentioned in their previous reviews of their stays, and honestly didn't find anything wrong with the room, other than the HVAC was a little dated, but works perfectly fine, & 1 minor stain to the carpet (honestly it's a budget hotel, you don't live in it) , all the linen was clean and crisp (pic included) and had more than enough new towels for 2 people using the room for one night.
Rating: 1
Text: I will never stay here again. Upon entering the room I could see it was dirty. Went to the restroom and seen ants on the floor in the bathroom. After I left to get dinner I came back, and noticed the toilet did not flush. I went to the restroom again. Tried to flush did not flush. Called front desk she said maintenance would come in. He came in plunged a couple of times and said it was fixed. Call if I have more problems.  Was getting ready for bed brushing teeth, washing face. Looked in the shower, and decided to not take a shower. The shower was very nasty looking. Then with the ants on the floor. I decided to go the bathroom before I went to bed. Well toilet still will not flush. Good thing I haven't had to go number 2 yet. Right now it's 11 pm. I'm ready for bed and really  don't want to mess with changing rooms, but I will let them know in the am. I am not one that ever complains. I tell myself that it's just a place to sleep.  But when you see ants, and then look in the shower, and to scared to use it. I had Lysol that I sprayed everywhere. Brought my own blanket, so will not sleep under any of the blankets. I will just use mine. Like I said I don't ever complain about things, but with everything I don't even know if it's worth 35 dollars a night. I will never stay here again.   
