Red River Gorgeous Wilderness Cabin Rental
Rating: 5
Text: Red River Gorgeous managed our stay at the Sylvan Float. They were very courteous and promptly responded to all of our concerns. In fact, they literally mailed a library book back to us that we left in the loft of the tree house. Worth a review for going the extra mile. Awesome staff.

Re: the stay:
We stayed at the Sylvan Float after seeing The Canopy Crew at an Artworks Pitch event a few years ago. It completely lived up to our expectations, if not superseded them. It was walking distance to a nice hike along the creek and offered everything you need to spend a night up in the trees. Even the outhouse was much cleaner and tolerable than the portalets we have to suffer through at outdoor events. Loved the loft and ladder that mimicked steps.Great wrap around balcony to have wine and a charcoal grill that made for a wonderful grill out. Would definitely visit again or check out another tree house. Must see. Cell service is spotty so be prepared to really be off the grid.
Rating: 5
Text: My family and I stayed here Aug. 2017 in the Sycamore Cabin and it was absolutely beautiful!!!  The staff are all so nice and willing to help out when needed!  The location is just perfect, easy to get the trails and hiking!  The cabin was very well maintained and clean.  The kids enjoyed the creek that was right there next to it.  We will for sure be looking for next year!!
Rating: 5
Text: I just stayed in the observatory tree house. It is amazing. I am 6'4" and found the top bedroom to be a little bit tight, but well worth it. It was clean and well thought out. If you are not in shape it would be a bit difficult to get up into as it is up the side of a steep mountain. If you are looking for an adventurous night out this is it.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed in the Sylvan Float Treehouse October 8, 2017 with our 3 and 4 year olds. It was a gem. Very very clean. It was modern, quaint, and rustic all in one. The treehouse is actually 30 feet up on one side and 10 on the other built in the trees on a natural hillside and actually sits wonderfully in the canopy. To be clear it's rustic, with an outhouse 15 feet away down the rope bridge. However, they supply a propane stove, three five gallon jugs of purified drinking water with a sink, soap, dishes, French press, some basic pots and pans, dish towels, etc. Greatly exceeded our expectations. It rained on the tin roof and was peaceful beyond imagining.
Rating: 1
Text: Disappointed by our recent stay. The cabin looked and smelled filthy. Didn't appear to have been cleaned between guest or even in the last 6 months. Debris from outside that had been tracked in wasn't swept up, subsequently covering the kitchen floor. Trash from previous visitors was piled up under the kitchen counter. A huge glob of hair was in the shower drain. Felt as though there was just a layer of scum on top of everything. This was in addition to the dead cockroach on the sofa and mouse feces in the kitchen dishes. Unfortunately the staff was no help addressing concerns. 

Would be a great cabin, especially location wise with a good deep clean with cleaning between guest and minor updates to old/dirty/broken appliances. We are avid hikers and the site describes cabin amenities accurately but the degree of filth was unbearable.

Sadly after a long day of hiking we arrived too late to make alternative accommodations. We did our best to unpack as little as possible, touch as little as possible and opted to drive home after our second day of hiking rather than staying there again. 
