Red Roof Inn Morehead
Rating: 1
Text: Well lets start with check-in.. The gentleman working was nice, but lacked computer skills to enter guest info. This Red Roof is the only one in the US that couldn't accept my discount code and still took around 30 min to get check-in. Also while checking in, guest from the nearby Motel 6 were there using the pool. The room was very out dated. Bed was well worn in. Frig was unplug so, it had a nice smell to it. Also coffee pot and lamp cords did not reach any electrical outlet. Tub in bath room had hair in it from the last guest. Also the side door was broken, so anyone could walk in. TV only received local TV station. It felt like this was just some old mom and pop hotel and not what you would expect red roof to be.I will never stay here again and this was the most $$ I have spent at a Red Roof
Rating: 2
Text: Thankfully leaving in the morning. Will be staying elsewhere next visit. We have been using this motel since the mid 90's when it was Comfort Inns & Suites to have a pool for the kids. This stay was bar none the WORST. I WILL NEVER BE BACK. Here's the list of things for you to consider.
1.The excuse our mess we're remodeling papers hanging about, I feel are bull to make you think the mess is from construction. No ongoing renovations were to be seen.
2. The carpet in the hall's are the same as it's always been but in disrepair, stained and dirty.
3. Our first night was a hot one with a possessed ac unit that was a possible fire hazard.
4. The second night we are thankfully moved to a room with ac but you have to lift the door up and hold it shut to get it to latch.
5. Both rooms we have been in have floors dirty enough to get your feet black if you walk barefoot any period of time. 
6. Both rooms bathrooms have mildew and toilets you have to hold on the handle to get to flush.
7. Sheets are clean but stained in both rooms.
8. This second room has one light in the entryway that doesn't work even after my wife went and got a bulb and replaced it. One of the lights by the beds is broken and is at a 45° loose and floppy.
9. My daughter just found out the shower has no hot water. Evidently the scald guard safety feature is broken and only cold water comes out.
10. The staff is friendly.
11. Also the free wifi is inaccessible so prepare to use data if you have to stay here.

I have never given such a scaling review but I've never had so much cannon fodder as well. Our checkout in the morning will not go well. Again first time ever to want a refund from a motel.
Rating: 3
Text: Good price, the rooms were good with comfortable beds. Though I wish they would have had shampoo and conditioner rather than the conditioning shampoo. The pool area was really hot and the water was overly chlorinated. Breakfast wasn't nothing special, the waffles tasted sour and the coffee was cold and the juice had a gnat in it. Overall it was a decent place to stay and get a good night's sleep and the kids did enjoy swimming in the pool.
Rating: 5
Text: Heated Swimming Pool Hot Waffles Breakfast Drinks in the morning Orange Apple Juice Coffee. Big Soft Beds Hot Water in the Shower. Beautiful Hills with Forest nearby Ale 8 Machine. Nice Staff Cable TV Air Conditioning
Rating: 1
Text: Went to check in on Saturday night June 24th 2017 and the man working the front desk was complaining about the system being down and all the rooms that were available needed maintenance. Then proceeded to tell my husband a good looking woman checked in before us and he may just need to make a copy of the key card to her room to " go take a look at her". They really should screen their employees who interact with customers face to face to see that they aren't perverts/sexual predators. I do not recommend this location!
