Red Roof Inn Dayton North Airport
Rating: 1
Text: Paid for 2 night stay but hotel clerk entered in 1 night stay and didn't give receipt. Needless to say the next morning was a nightmare as the crazy manager was desperate to kick us out of there because she thought we only paid for 1 night. She didn't believe us and said that the room is now reserved for someone else and we need to get out. After awhile she figured out she was wrong and we were right and starting sucking our assholes.

Weird and shady people were all over the parking lot. Stay away. There are much better places in area for about the same price.
Rating: 3
Text: Was absolutely amazing! People I met were so were awesome... Dayton knows how to get down.
Rating: 1
Text: This is by far the worst Red Roof I've ever stayed at, and in the top 3 worst hotels I've ever stayed at. Absolutely disgusting! The first room had bed bugs, then they switched us to a room that had roaches. The tub looked like the most dirtiest person in the world shaved their pubic hairs in it and there was trash behind the dresser. The staff was very rude and nasty. The front desk at the hotel next door told us that the Red Roof was robbed 3 times during the past month. I believe it! A lot of shady looking characters lurking around. I was asked by 2 different dope dealers if I was looking for anything and a prostitute asked me if I wanted company! If you need to stay in this area I recommend the Days Inn next door. It is cleaner, quieter, homier, the staff are friendly and they provide a free breakfast which the Red Roof does not. The rates are cheaper too! And I didn't see any prostitutes or drug dealers posted up. After this experience I will probably never book another Red Roof again. Avoid this crack den/brothel!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Great for the price. It's right in the middle of plenty of restaurants and stores. Our biggest issue is the double room is 2 full size beds instead of 2 queens you get at most places. Doesn't leave a lot of room if you're sleep with a spouse or partner.
Rating: 5
Text: The room decorated well and very clean. The TV was a bit interesting when hooking up a laptop by HDMI to stream Netflix, but it still worked. Front desk staff was very friendly.
