Red Carpet Inn & Fanta Suites Hotel
Rating: 1
Text: This place was absolutely disgusting and I have never received worse customer service from a lodging in my entire life. I was driving all day from KS to pick up my son from camp the next day. It started storming and poured and poured for my entire trip. I knew that I would get there late. How late I wasn't sure but very late none the less. I called to let them know my situation. Driving all day in a deluge possibly a good 6 hrs or more off schedule. I was assured that would be no problem. Fast Forward to a little past 3 am. I had to pick up my son at camp in a nearby town between 9 and 11am. I go to check in after witnessing a drunken altercation in the parking lot to be informed that my reservation had been canceled and I had also been charged for the room. I'm envisioning a brand new altercation in the parking lot. I asked if they received my call.
Rating: 3
Text: When we got there late at night, a last minute decision, the man was super friendly and happy and he made us feel welcomed.
We had the basics, bed, towels,small fridge, microwave and also a small walk out patio for smokers. We don't smoke but enjoyed the night view! 
A Big Problem is there is no electric plugs by the beds.. For my CPAP machine, Cell Phone Charger etc.   A Big disappointment and very important to me!   I had to unplug the TV so I could plug in to charge my phone!!  
The other thing disappointing was not enough coffee.. Only 1 pot for breakfast for everyone, though they were not busy, it worked out for us.
Hotel was Clean and they had an Awesome Breakfast!
Rating: 5
Text: Great renovations in process.  Front desk friendly and helpful.  Needs a couple updates but good place on a budget.  Will be returning
Rating: 1
Text: I would NOT recommend staying here. The hallway smelled horrible. There was a dog in the room above us that barked all night long. Even after calling the staff they did nothing to stop the dog except they would talk to the dogs owners in the morning. Who let's dogs stay in hotels like that? I was not happy. It needs updated badly. And the pool is closed due to disrepair. As well as no remote in the room.
Rating: 1
Text: I don't think I would stay here. I walked in and found the girl who works at the front desk coming out of the restroom with a black man shoving money in her pocket. If I recall correctly her name is Alisha. Her boyfriend walked in and started cussing at her and they had a fight in the lobby area. A friend of mine saw her another time and she had been smoking crack with the guy who claims to be her boyfriend. My friend said that the Alisha girl snorts meth in the bathroom as well. Said she could hear her sniffing in far too long to just be sniffing. The hotel has bed bugs and roaches and other biting bugs. The rooms are outdated and I didn't appreciate being disturbed by housekeeping at 5 PM. I mean who does that?!? And to pay dam near $70 for a room. Not quite. No way in the world I would stay there.
