Red Roof Inn Mishawaka - Notre Dame
Rating: 1
Text: Our Jacuzzi room had hair all in the tub, toilet, shower. To make things worse our bed was filled with little black hairs. Even our neighbor said their sheets were not changed :( and bugs were an issue. Not sure what kind but after 2 hours we left because of how gross it was. The lady at the front desk was super nice and understanding. That was about the only nice thing there.
Rating: 3
Text: The walls are very thin so it doesn't mitigate the freeway noise or the other guests. The room and hallways were fairly new but strangely the bathroom was not. Our room was spacious and reasonably clean with a fridge but no coffee maker or microwave. At 8:30 when we left there was coffee in the lobby but not breakfast.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice little out of the way hotel. I think they are remodeling, so my microwave wasn't hooked up and I didn't have an alarm clock. But the room was clean, bed too hard for my taste but the pillows were nice and soft.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel is cozy, and has potential given a little more guidance from management. My family and I did experience a few issues, however once speaking with Jason  (Owner/Operator) i feel really confident that things will turn around.

Hotel Management took my issue seriously and rectified any problem that we encountered. In time I feel things will smooth out with the staff..nothing that a little coaching and counseling don't fix. 

I'll will give hotel another try when returning to area.
Rating: 1
Text: Rented the King Deluxe Suite with Jacuzzi.  Room was dirty and had dead bugs all over the floor.  Jacuzzi had dirt and hair in it - we had to clean ourselves before using.  No in-room coffee maker or coffee.  No shampoo, conditioner, body wash, or soap in bathroom.  Shower has no water pressure and might as well shower in a light rain outside.  The breakfast was a joke!  Cold cereal, cold danishes, and bagels.  The mini-fridge was not cold and couldn't be adjusted because adjustment dial just spins and spins like it's broken.  The side door (toll road side) doesn't even lock...no need for a keycard to gain access to the building.  My wife and I will never stay here again.  What a waste of money and a horrible experience.
