Red Roof Inn Fort Wayne
Rating: 2
Text: Outside doors aren't locked so anyone can walk in off the streets.  Some people living there long term stand in groups in front of the outside door smoking and will barely move out of the way and have littered the ground with their cigarette butts.  The rooms,  for the most part are clean and the beds comfy.  One handicap room wasn't very roomy as the bed was so close to the ac & window you can't walk beside the bed.  Another room the ac blew air all night but never was cold.  The carpet needs replaced due to wear and stains and the vending area needs updated as the floor is worn and machines old.  One older tall thin black woman in house keeping is the nicest and friendliest staff there.
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT STAY HERE!!!! Horrible management. There were blood stains on sheets that were brought in from housekeeping. Cock roaches crawling around. While my husband was gone for work they came back to the room filled with the smell of weed like people were in there smoking a blunt. Also on top of all this the toilet overflowed onto the floor 3 times and had to have someone come in and clean it up. The manager said she would comp them for a free 2 night stay and instead charged me husbands  credit card for 4 extra nights!! WHAT????? There are people running around all night fights outside in the parking lots. DO NOT STAY here you will regret it.
Rating: 4
Text: Stay was fine. We checked in at 4:30 and our rooms had not been cleaned yet, so we had to haul all our stuff back out to the car and come back later. All the sheets and towels had faint, old stains from something black. Otherwise the room was clean and reasonably comfortable. Good value for the price.
Rating: 1
Text: The room is a decent size and the bed would have been much more comfortable if I wasn't getting bitten numerous times by some sort of insect. My room was INFESTED with little ants but I can't confirm that is what was biting me after I thoroughly inspected the bed. In regards to the ants-  I'm not talking a little one here and there... there was a swarm of them on the floor. They  were all over. The place needs to be exterminated. I'd give a higher rating to the friendly staff.
Rating: 1
Text: I guess I should have expected this with the rate of $53.99. I ONLY chose this place because of the convenience to restaurants. No cover on the (pictured) mattress itself, just a sheet over the mattress. Most places I stay have a cover over the mattress. Blood behind the toilet on the wall (pictured), thankfully for RRI I didn't see this until I was ready for bed and didn't have another choice. Kind of dingy overall look. Worn out carpet, drapes and shower curtain. Bed was less than desirable. 

If you need a shower, great place because it has running water. Other than that, great location (close and easy access to freeway) great parking (tractor trailer parking) and a very pleasant staff. But those "great" things don't help you feel clean and rest easy. Last resort? Take it. If there's other options, exercise those options. 
