Red Roof Inn Cedar Rapids
Rating: 5
Text: The staff is friendly.  The beds are comfortable.  The wifi is good enough to stream live video without interruption.  The rooms are always very clean.  The price is right.  The manager and her staff take your comfort and rest extremely seriously.  I'm not sure what else you can expect from a hotel.  Stay there.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst hotel experience in my life. I reserved the hotel around 9pm as I was in stopping in town for the night. When I arrived at the hotel, I was met by an extremely rude and dismissive staff, and terrible hotel conditions. I left and took my business elsewhere, calling later that night to cancel my reservation. Later I find that the charge for the room is still on my credit card statement so I call the hotel to clear it up, where I was met on the phone by the same disgusting manager from my visit. She dismissed everything I said basically calling me a liar, and said she will not be refunding my price because HER STAFF doesn't have record of me cancelling. Not my fault. Will be putting reviews anywhere and everywhere I can, and writing a letter to the editor in the Cedar Rapids News paper.
Rating: 3
Text: Some staff were nice. Rooms were decently clean. Price is fair but not great. You do get what you pay for.
Rating: 1
Text: This place it's an overrated fleabag and a poor excuse for somewhere to stay for even one night! To say that the facility is in disrepair would be a gross understatement. After checking in the first thing I noticed was that my HBO guide was from last month! When I called the desk to ask for a current HBO guide they said sure if you want to come down and get it yourself, I didn't get one. The "Continental Breakfast" was an appetising to say the least. Waffle batter in an open container that had been there for a couple of hours, some stale English muffins, half orange juice and half water in a dispenser that did not function correctly, but I must add that they did provide a fresh basket of apples and some fairly decent peanut butter to eat.The remote control was only half functional. I delt with it for one night, when I returned for my second night I stopped at the desk and asked if I could get a replacement remote. They said sure if you want to go up to your room and bring me the other one I will give you a replacement. So I did, that remote did not work at all!
If I were a human being, I would not ever book a room at this hotel ever! After my stay here I can promise you that I will NEVER stay at a Red Roof Inn again!
Rating: 1
Text: Found bed bugs in the room the last and final time I stayed!! Disgusting!
Manager extremely rude.
