Red Roof Inn Cincinnati Northeast - Blue Ash
Rating: 4
Text: They had a very nice deal for us since we were starting there for Cincinnati Children's Hospital. We only ended up spending around $45 per night. Room was clean, beds were cozy, but the pillows were quite flat. Room had everything we needed, but I don't think there was room service, which was fine by us. The nights were quiet and the AC worked great. All around great, simple hotel fir an affordable price.
Rating: 3
Text: Not bad, staff was very friendly. Bed was comfortable. Room didn't offer much other than bare necessities. I'd stay again for decent rates but wouldn't go out of my way.
Rating: 5
Text: We're attending an event across the street st Crowne Plaza, but staying at RR because the price was half that of the former. Room is immaculate, spacious, and well-lit. There's plenty of desk space and tons of outlets. Great choice of TV channels (I don't have to miss the F1 Japanese Grand Prix while away from my home). Would, and probably will, stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: I needed an inexpensive one night stay to take care of some personal business. I used one of those web sites that compares everything. I have never stayed at a Red Roof Inn. For the price I got a clean room and a very comfortable bed. Why not five stars? I was a little concerned about safety. The doors open to the outside and it looked like the safety latch had been pulled out of the door frame before. There was a chemical smell that may mean someone had smoked in the room previously which is not the hotel's fault and finally the chair had some stains on it so I used a towel to sit in the chair. The staff performed well. Over all if I need an inexpensive night stay I think Red Roof Inn is a good repeat choice.
Rating: 2
Text: Great location right off the highway, friendly employees. The linens were clean but the covers had cigarette burns in them. Obviously patched holes in the walls. Great water pressure in the shower but the drain was slow and I had to shower quickly to avoid overflowing. For $80 you can probably do better. Not the nicest place but I was safe and got some sleep.
