Red Roof Inn & Suites Dekalb
Rating: 3
Text: We were able to get a deal on the bridal suite for booking a room block for our wedding. The suite cost us the same as a regular room per night. The suite was two-rooms large and had extra amenities like a whirl-pool tub and little kitchenette but the amenities didn't work. The jets on the tub didn't work and there weren't any dishes to use for cooking. When we purchased some dishes to use- the cooktop didn't work. It was all for show. We basically had a giant room with a fridge, which is why it's easy to believe they have zero problems charging a regular room rate for a suite.
Rating: 4
Text: Our stay was with a block of rooms for a wedding we were part of. Overall, it wasn't terrible, but we had two main complaints about our stay. The first, when we arrived to our room, it smelled terrible, and there was a black moldy half of a pizza that was left in the room from a previous customer. Luckily, after we found it, threw it out, and left the door open for awhile, the smell went away. The second complaint was that we had called down to the front desk a few times that night trying to find out when check out was the next morning, but we never got an answer. We then went down to the front desk, and waited around for nearly 20 minutes with no one ever coming out to see what we needed. I don't know where they were, but we finally just gave up and left to go back to the room. Other than that, there was nothing wrong with the stay.
Rating: 2
Text: This place gets two stars because of the low price, otherwise it would get only one. Walls are thin and you can hear everything your neighbors are doing. There are train tracks right next to the building and they roar past about twice an hour. There is cable TV, but barely. 17 total channels. So you watch what they picked out for you. Of those 17 there are 4 liberal news channels. And the internet is pretty much useless. Repeatedly boots me off and I have to sign in again. Incredibly slow. My dial-up in the late 90's was faster. Best to spend a few more dollars for better quality.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed 3 nights - room was clean, location was convenient for us and we never heard any noise from others.  It was early spring so we didn't check out the pool area.  Coffee in the lobby was nice.  Desk clerk was nice and helpful.  Will definitely stay again when we go back to that area.
Rating: 1
Text: Rude management. Poor communication. Also train tracks immediately off the property. Trains barrel through 3x an hour at least.

Here is what I wrote to Red Roof Inn about my awful experience with management: Extremely poor management and bad communication between management, employees, and customers. I arrived around 12:30am on the 21st. I made a reservation online for what I believed to be from the night of the 20th to the morning of the 21st when I originally intended to leave. I had mistakenly reserved the night of the 21st instead. The lady at the desk told me it was 'okay' that I could 'check in early' beause 'it is technically the 21st [being past midnight]". I asked her if that meant I would have to pay for both nights or if I would have to cancel the second night. She said No, I am checking in early. I could stay until Sunday morning and I would only have to pay for one night. This did not make sense to me so I asked her multiple times to confirm, I pay for one night but can checkout on Sunday. The lady told another friend of mine who reserved another room for that same night and arrived within the same 5 minutes of me the exact same thing. W were in disbelief but figured we got a 'free night' and would take advantage and thus did not check out on the morning of the 21st. Later that day, I received a voice mail declaring that my stuff would be moved out of the room. When I called the Inn, I was then told that my stay was "suspended" and I would be charged for 2 nights ("suspended" was HER word ... did she mean "extended?". ) She then had the manager call me back. The manager was EXTREMELY RUDE. I had NO opportunity to explain the situation. She started the phone call by declaring I was wrong, I should have no problem "understanding" and that she spoke to the employee I spoke to and the employee denied telling me I would be charged for one night. The manager completely talked over me and blamed me for the misunderstanding. It took me several minutes of trying to interject before I could even get a chance to explain the compromise I had already planned before I even got on the phone with her: That I just wanted to get my stuff and only be charged one night, otherwise I was fine with leaving. I didn't want a free night I just wanted to work things out. This was the worst part of the whole ordeal. Not that there was a miscommunication but that the manager was completely unwilling to act as a mediator to make all parties happy. She was not there to help resolve an issue, she only wanted to insist I was wrong and I had to pay both nights. This is awful management and also ensures that I will NEVER visit another red roof inn if there is no one there willing to fairly and decently communicate with me to achieve remediation. Mistakes happen, I understand, but that is why there needs to be people capable of providing recourse. Not only did I pay a considerable amount of money to visit Illinois for a very special day for a friend, but I lost a few hours of that time to trying to solve an issue with a manage who did not want to solve anything.. For these reasons I WILL NEVER go back to the Red Roof Inn, especially not this location. This did not happen to just me but also another guest in a differen troom on the same night, it was not JUST Me.
