Red Roof Inn Downers Grove
Rating: 5
Text: The front desk service is amazing. They helped me navigate the area, and provided early check in for free. The location is close to Portillos, and the hot dogs are amazing. The room was clean and roomy and the bed is very comfy.
Rating: 3
Text: Clean, safe, in an location that has access to other places to eat. The staff is friendly. The cleaning crew gave a little less to be desired - we asked for additional towels and never got them during out three day stay. Shouldn't have to ask multiple times. Our keys also kept getting deactivated every day, which was weird.
Rating: 1
Text: Well let me start by saying I got a lot of mold on the selling in the bathroom of room 157 I have pictures and video. The whole room smelled horrible because of that and I was with a 4 month old baby which it's very dangerous to breath mold especially at that young age. There was no iron in the room the room was outdated and the mattress were 15+ years old. Upon check in I paid cash for my room and was charged $1.50 for the safe and was told them charge everyone and than they refund the money when you check out. I was given receipt without the $1.50 on it when I was checking out there were few other people who were complaining about the refund for that $1.50 and we all were told they will refund that amount on our cards. This is scam between the employees where they make extra cash this way each day. I will never come back nor will I recommend this place to anyone.  Do yourself a favor and go to Extend Stay of America 1 min away for similar price but way better.
Rating: 1
Text: A/C was stuck to freeze and knobs wouldn’t work. Called and requested service on it which we were told it would get fixed and never did. That was a 2 week wait. Inside the bathroom behind the door were stains from who knows what. The desk staff priorities were gossip first, guests fall somewhere after that, especially the night shift. There were a group of guys in a room in the back by the laundromat standing outside their room smoking a controlled substance with not a worry in the world which says this is welcomed here. The toilet upon arrival looked as if someone had just went to the bathroom and left stains in it which weren’t cleaned. Save yourself by staying somewhere else!
Rating: 1
Text: This is THE MOST UNPROFESSIONAL hotel that you can possibly  stay in. ERICA the General Manager is equipped with NO knowledge of what it means  to  be  in charge of a hotel. She has an awful attitiude. As a guest coming in for a conference , as well as, my other colleagues, we were treated horribly. The toilets in the rooms were not working properly and housekeeping  would knock on yourdoor  several times in the morning  asking over and over if you were checking out, which in turn ruined our rest. PLEASE DO NOT BOOK A RESERVATION  AT  THIS HOTEL IN DOWNERS GROVE  UNLESS YOU WANT TO WASTE YOUR MONEY.if your looking for a Red Roof Inn to stay, try their sister location  in Willowbrook, which is only 15 minutes  away.  They have EXCELLENT  ROOMS AND SERVICE for the same cost. Happy travels.
