Red Roof Inn Detroit - Dearborn/Greenfield Village
Rating: 1
Text: Bed bugs... For sure, experienced them hands on. Moved to another room.  Manager rude and seemed to be annoyed about the issue. I don't know maybe it's her demeanor but, in this case I would expect a little more compassion and quite frankly, a little ass kissing. Issue was not adequately resolved to my liking.  I think I should of had all my nights paid for. But, hey can't win em all. Pretty clean. Rest of staff was hands down, super nice and accommodated all my needs above and beyond. Manager should take notes from her staff. If you complain about the bed bugs. You will be banned and they say you smoked in the room. The lady knows damn well I walked outside to smoke. I would smoke with her employees.. nice way to treat guest when the problem is on your end. Honestly, who bans someone from a hotel for complaining about Bed bugs. I even took it to her in a napkin.. she confirmed a definite infestation in that room.  Non the less I would check out room before stay. Other than manager and bugs. I'd stay there again.. ohh but I can't I'm banned..
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed here for 17 days and everything was perfect. All the staff were awesome as well and they helped me a lot specially Ms. Kay. 
The room was cleaned and neat. No smoking smells at all. They have free coffee and vending machines as well. 
I am sure that I will book here again for my next trip. well done team and wish u all the best. Thank you so much

Suggestions
- Laundry Service
- Small Gym
- Add sandwiches in the vending machine 

"The Famous Guy". ?
Rating: 4
Text: Never had a problem with cleanliness of the rooms. Nice for a quick getaway. Room rates vary depending on the day but pricing is not bad. Close to major highways, convenient stores and restuarants. My last stay there, there was a glitch in their payment system, a minor problem which was handled. But needs to be addressed with the system before it becomes a major problem for another guest.
Rating: 1
Text: When we checked in and got into the room and it had a musty mildew smell and had a cigarette smell coming out of air conditioner. The pillows are horrible..bring your own.  Housekeeping was horrible.  Didn't wipe anything down or make the bed. The only thing done was they gave us a new set of towels. There was spiderwebs in multiple places in the room and dust and hair around the base of the toilet.  The exhaust fan in the bathroom was super loud like it was going to break. The breakfast is an apple and a prepackaged muffin.  And they leave an envelope in the room asking you to tip housekeeping which is fine if more housekeeping was done besides giving new towels.
Rating: 3
Text: The room we stayed in was updated and comfortable. When we checked in they upgraded us for free. Down side was the fact that there is no pool or a continental breakfast. They do give a grab-n-go bag breakfast. The area is safe but not upscale. We enjoyed our stay. It's a five minute drive to the Henry Ford Museum.
