Red Roof Plus+ St Louis - Forest Park/Hampton Avenue
Rating: 4
Text: I booked a king so my wife and I could sleep after the Billy Joel concert instead of driving back home.  
It's budget friendly. There are no extras.  It was nice, the room is well decorated, but small and the bathroom is your basic setup, nothing fancy. 
The staff were nice, even offered to call a cab to go to the stadium. 
It was well worth the price I paid to not have to drive myself back to home so late at night.
Rating: 3
Text: Just ok.  Great showers.  Rooms are redone, but you can tell it was once run down. My room smelled like pot so they gave me a new one.  Which was much better.  Great historic Italian neighborhood just one block away called The Hill.   Right off the highway. Nice location.
Rating: 2
Text: This is the second night in a row that I called ahead to this location and asked them specifically what the cost would be for one night with tax included and when I got here the front desk told me a completely different price. The first night I came I had to leave and figure out another place to stay because I didn't have the extra money. Tonight, luckily I had the extra 19 dollars they told me it would cost . Tonight I call them 30 minutes before I showed up and ask them how much the room would be for one night with tax included and told the lady the situation that had happened the night previously, she told me that because I'd only be here for less than 24 hours it would only cost $76. I wasn't able to put a room on hold because I don't have a credit card and that's what they require but she said as long as I was on my way there shouldn't be a problem with me getting a room. She said that regardless of if I got a room with a king-size bed or two double beds the price would be the same. And when I showed up it was a man and he told me the price was going to be $95. I told him exactly what had happened 30 minutes previous to me arriving and what happened the night before and he didn't care. Normally this wouldn't be a big deal but because I'm waiting for my new apartment to be ready I've had to stay in different hotels and I've been in and out of the hospital so I haven't had a lot of extra cash. sorry for the long rant and Rave but I just want people to know that just because someone tells you something on the phone doesn't mean it's going to be the same price when you get here. The man that is working at the front desk right now also told me that the lady I talked to may have decided to give me a discount which is something she's not supposed to do but it just depends on the conversations that the employees have with the customer whether or not they want to give you a discount or not. He said that he even does that sometimes depending on the conversation he has with the customer and if he feels like a discount is warranted he will do it but technically they're not supposed to do that. Besides that he told me there was nothing he could do especially since he wasn't the one I previously talked to. Previous to this experience, I've never had any issues with Red Roof. The rooms are clean but walls are super thin and there are no extra amenities.
Rating: 2
Text: First off, let me say that the staff at this hotel was very courteous and welcoming. They do not merit criticism. However, while I understand that budget hotels won't have all the bells and whistles, it appears that everything in this whole property was constructed with the cheapest possible materials. The walls are truly PAPER thin. I was awakened every hour or so all night due to people walking by, closing car doors, or talking: in my room, in the bed furthest from the window, with a pillow over my head, I could make out every word of the normal-volume conversations of passers-by. My normally completely quiet dog was driven nuts. The air conditioning unit was very shoddy and only worked occasionally, and when it did, it was loud as a diesel engine. Once it got to roaring so loudly it woke me up and I had to bat at it a bit until the fan finally quieted. It may have a loose bearing somewhere, I don't know, but it was loud as sin and inefficient at cooling the room. Furthermore, the shower was small and uncomfortable. The beds were just okay: they didn't squeak, but they weren't super plush either. Pillows were thin but usable (I used 2). Covers were just alright. The room was supposedly non-smoking but had the lingering musk of cigarettes. Ice machines are not well-labelled and hard to find. When we first checked in, there was a drunk man who fell over twice outside the lobby and had to be escorted upstairs by a receptionist and a random guest. We were told he does this regularly and would possibly be banned soon, but honestly, that should have happened long before another guest had to be called in to help. On the plus side, they are cheap, friendly, well-located, and allow dogs.
Rating: 2
Text: I stayed there twice. Both times I asked for a first floor room and was told at the desk upon mu arrival that  I would have to take a handicap accessible room because that's all they had available on the first floor. I don't understand why they don't secure the room when making a reservation.
