Red Roof Inn Detroit - St Clair Shores
Rating: 3
Text: Close to a main road so some noise. Rooms could do with a freshen and the drawer unit needed attention. Free coffee in reception but no food at this motel.
Rating: 5
Text: Very high quality room, and enjoyed my stay very much, had a great time. Bed is quite comfortable as well, good note. Thanks Red Roof Inn ;)
Rating: 2
Text: Clean. People lurking in parking lot called the office they do nothing. This is the second time with a bad experience at this hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Love Theresa! Clean and comfy for a reasonable price.
Rating: 1
Text: I have a policy against writing bad reviews, but sometimes you have to break your own rules to help protect other people. Going to visit my sick Dad and taking along my Daughter-In-Law and two year old Grandson, we would arrive in Roseville, MI to find absolutely unacceptable conditions at Red Roof Inn. I am not a hard person to please, so if I can't stay at a place then it must be pretty bad. Such was the case on September 18, 2017. We arrived at around 7:30 pm after about eleven hours of travel with a two year old. We were tired to say the least, and the child was not happy either. I had booked two nights online through Hotel Planners. We checked in and proceeded to our room. They had given us a room right next door to a barking dog and people partying outside their room. When we opened the door to the room, it smelled like cigarette smoke. There is a fee for smoking in a room and I have no doubt that we would have been charged that fee if we had stayed. Add to that the loud, barking dog and we went back to the office to see if we could get a different room. Room number two was unbelievably disgusting. We opened the door and we both jumped back because of the overwhelming smell of mold. It was worse than mold though. It was a combination of a wet towel, smelly socks, and something possibly dead in the room. This is not good. We never even turned on the light or went inside. Back to the office for one more try. The third room was located just above the party people, and upon some inspection, we found several stains on the bed covers and a dirty floor. The kicker was when we saw what looked like a blood stain on the corner of one of the bed spreads. That was it. We went back to the office, told the front desk lady to cancel both nights; we were going somewhere else to sleep. I forfeited my $129 and we ended up staying in a Days Inn nearby. I'm still trying to get my money back, but I'm not sure it's realistic. I booked online through a third party and they have been trying to reach the manager at that particular Red Roof Inn, but of course, he is never available. I chose Red Roof Inn in Roseville, MI because the reviews on their site were very good. I'm inclined to believe that those reviews were given by people who have never set foot in the Red Roof Inn in Roseville, MI.  I hate to say never, but I will never again voluntarily choose to stay at a Red Roof Inn for the rest of my days, and I suggest no one else does either. Shalom, D
