Red Roof Inn & Suites Lincoln
Rating: 3
Text: Staff was really nice.  Stayed in a suite on a last minute notice for a fairly cheap price, so I didn't have very high expectations. The room was OK.  Pretty outdated and the AC was all or nothing.  The free breakfast was not really worth eating.  The pool was pretty nice. Overall, probably worth it, but the next night I stayed in a different motel for the same price and had a considerably better room and great breakfast.
Rating: 2
Text: A bunch of dead bugs by back entrance door. Back entrance had a lock, but it was taped up so it wouldn't actually lock. Breakfast was not great, including the toaster which had a knob missing and took what seemed like 5 minutes to lightly toast my bagel. AC in room rumbled all night. Mattress in room sunk/was indented in the middle. Blankets were ultra thin andnot very warm. I did appreciate there were some full length mirrors in room, not just one above sink. My room with 2 beds only came with 1 wash cloth for some reason. Trash can outside hotel was packed with trash like it hadn't been changed for days. My sister stayed there in May 2017 and said her room was better than this one we just had, but for the price, all the rooms should be good. I've stayed in cheaper rooms that were better than this. I can understand a few things, but this is clearly an issue of a hotel that needs better management and basic standards. Will not stay there again. Hope they can figure it out and invest some money to clean this hotel up.
Rating: 5
Text: Best budget type and pet friendly hotel i have EVER stayed at!!! Parking lot is well lit, lobby is beautiful, and rooms are clean and updated.  i walked around barefoot and let me dog sit around on the floor. i usually never do this in hotels.  wish i could give this place more stars.
Rating: 5
Text: Location was not bad. Building had lots of old water damage, but was clean and was able to deliver on all advertised services. Overall a very pleasant stay and I would sleep there again without complaint.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff were friendly. The room was clean. The bed was comfy. BREAKFAST was an excellent selection. GREAT VALUE and location.
