Red Roof Inn Richmond, KY
Rating: 3
Text: Decent room for the price.  Its clean, but kind of dated.  They are pet friendly so our room had a slight musty/pet odor.  It wasn't bad enough to change rooms.  The water in the shower was nice and hot, but some of the towels were a bit rough and threadbare.  Also not enough towels in the room, we had to ring the front desk for more.  They responded quickly with several more towels.  We have a reservation for our trip home and we plan on keeping it, but we will bring a scented candle next time.  Overall an OK room for a good price.
Rating: 1
Text: I have requested a call from the manager with 3 different people and left my number every time. I've had enough and will share. My mother is staying here and has had a ton of issues from dirty rooms we had to clean to food left in the fridge from the past people that rented the rooms. We also had to have her treated for lice after her being there a week. Not only have I been out extra money I also had to treat the room out of my own pocket. This is completely dissatisfying and tasteless management. What is this owner thinking? Do yourself a favor and if you see red roof inn, run as far away as possible.
Rating: 4
Text: After a nightmare stay at the Oak Tree Inn in Irvine staying at the Red Roof Inn in Richmond was a dream. It was clean, the help was friendly and checking in without a reservation was no problem. We stayed 3 nights and left well rested and ready for our long drive home back to California. I recommend a stay at this hotel. LGG
Rating: 3
Text: For the price, we were impressed with cleanliness and comfort of our mattress.  Unfortunately, the highway noise was more of a distraction than what we bargained for. 
The desk attendant suggested requesting rooms with an 'even' number the next time we stay as it's in front of the hotel and not back against I-75 corridor.  
Rating: 5
Text: We had an awesome experience staying here while our team Attended the Special Olympics State games this weekend! 
Everything was clean, pool was nice, breakfast was good.
But what really put our stay over the top was the exceptional customer service experience we had with Christina! She went above and beyond for us and we are so appreciative for her!
