Red Roof Inn Georgetown
Rating: 2
Text: 3 Stars because dogs are welcome no extra charge they have gone out of their way to make areas with cleaning stations for the dogs all around outfields of the hotel. Love the wood floors. Now let's talk OMG there was a group drinking from the time we arrived at 530pm till who knows when out at back of hotel. Impossible to use the table areas. In the middle of the night they were in halls slamming doors over and over. Exit doors don't lock anyone can walk into this hotel. Rooms need some attention to cleaning details. We had same bath mat from previous guest you could tell by wrinkles and dirt on it. Bathroom was dirty.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was well kept, the staff friendly, but the walls are very thin. You can hear even quiet voices. The price was right but if you can't sleep through a myriad of noises. You will need to book else where. Even the A/C made weird noises, as the icing on the cake. Bed wasn't the best thing I've ever slept on either. So yeah, just glad I was there only one night. One thing that I did notice is the manager usually comments on reviews, which impressed me. Thing is you can't blame the staff for poor construction, but the owners either cheaped out on the building or the contractor is laughing all the way to the bank. Either way the people in the building pay the price truly.
Rating: 5
Text: I travel a lot and wasn't expecting much but to my surprise I found a quiet and very clean room. The hotel appears newer and staff was very friendly.room was clean and cozy. Would stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: NOT a $90 room for sure!  Would have been fine for a cheaper price.
Pros:  Very friendly staff
            No carpet in bedrooms
            Room itself was clean
            Bathroom was large
Cons:  Animal fur in blanket and bedspread
            Breakfast room was Very tiny and not much choice of food.  No sugar free options
            Ice machine on 1st floor only
            Rooms not very soundproof.  Could hear people just walking in the hallway.
            Light came in room from outside security light so room was bright all night.  Even with curtain closed.
Rating: 5
Text: This was a great room. Passing through and needed somewhere to sleep. The hotel was clean, right off I-64, easy to get to, and had multiple gas stations/restaurants nearby. If we ever need to stay outside of Louisville again, I will look this place up.
