Red Roof Inn Jackson
Rating: 5
Text: Nice room for the price you pay. Very friendly service. Not sure about all of the negative comments, but my room was clean, quiet, and comfortable. I kinda wish I would have brought pooch now. Everyone, you're safe here.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff was nice and friendly. The room was clean. The breakfast could've used some love but that wasn't what we were there for. It's pet friendly (wish I saw that sooner). For a nights stay in a reasonably priced hotel I'd give it four stars.
Rating: 3
Text: Only getting 3 stars. Due to the lack of maids. My room had a rag on the sink counter looked like it was used to wipe an arse. Pubic hairs on and around the sink. It seemed as if the cleaning service used said rag for all cleaning. So i used my own cleaning wipes. The only plus to my stay was the front desk staff.
Rating: 5
Text: This is the nicest red roof inn we have ever stayed at!  Clean rooms, great breakfast, and friendly staff!  Deb was so kind and even helped us find dinner ideas late at night when we came in.   Thank you!
Rating: 1
Text: We were looking for a clean place to stay after driving most of the day on the interstate.  Unfortunately we didn't find that.  We checked in late in the evening and were very tired.  Upon examining the room we found a large empty Gatorade bottle on the floor, an unflushed toilet with urine that stunk up the bathroom.  The sink was filled with hair because it was backing up.  We would of left but there were no rooms and our 9 month old was fast asleep.  When we woke up in the morning we started getting our things together.  There was a giant bug in the sink and small bugs in the shower that appeared to be roaches.   I went to pick up my infant to leave and I could clearly see three bed bugs on the bed. I grabbed my child and my wife and I ran out of there.  When I spoke to the manager she mentions a worker may have brought the bedbugs in the hotel.  I contacted Red Roof corporate and they told me its independently owned and they couldn't do anything.  Please stay away from this place and protect your family.  We stripped our clothes off as soon as we got home and have been laundering and spraying everything that was in that room.  I'd give it zero stars but it won't allow it.
