Red Roof Inn Columbus - Ohio State Fairgrounds
Rating: 5
Text: I stay here all the time and every time I'm very satisfied. I always receive a great rate the staff is wonderful. The housekeeping team Andy and his wife Purvy are awesome very accommodating and sweet anything I need the hotel staff makes sure that I am well taken care of. I'll always return.
Rating: 3
Text: If you just need a place to lay your head, it's ok. The service is fine enough, but the rooms leave a bit to be desired. Not to expect the Four Seasons, but some stuff in the rooms could use a bit of an upgrade. Bathroom looked as if it had been washed with hard water for 5 years straight. We had the first floor, back corner room and at 2, 3 am you can clearly hear other guests as they meander inside the halls as well as outside in the parking lot. Otherwise, the bed was comfortable and the room itself was pretty clean.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this place a 0 I would. The pictures online aren’t even what the place is when you get there. The lady behind the desk was nice at first but was rude after we had asked to get a refund. When we arrived there was a female out front who was under the  influence of something and a bunch dirty people sitting out front who made me and my fiancé very uncomfortable. When we went to the room the room was very dirty and then when we opened the blind for the window we witnessed a drug deal in the back of the building. We then went down to explain that we wanted a refund and everything going on a show her the pictures she said sorry about your luck you already checked in. We had to go through our credit card company to get it canceled.
Rating: 1
Text: Got a king room at this place and room had dog hair all over the place, when I got it there the fire dept showed up for Ppl smoking in the building. Tried to switch rooms and the door key battery was dead so tried again and in room 143 found a roach crawling so went back to 104 and dealt with the dog hair. At least the lady at the front desk was nice. DONT STAY HERE!
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel and room were nice and clean and over all it was a decent place to stay. Pet friendly, which is why we choose to stay there. The only negative for me is the parking lot. It loops around the back side of the building but once back there your only options of escape are a narrow alley way with a sharp entrance angle or turning around. I mention it because I am driving a 26ft uhaul truck towing a car behind. We had to take the car off and then remove the dolly and it was only luck that there were enough empty parking spots for me to turn this pig around. Overall, a great place to stay but if you're pulling a trailer, park in front of the comfort inn or whatever hotel is next door.
