Red Roof Inn Clyde
Rating: 1
Text: After reading your reviews, a pattern emerges. First room was dirty, hair all over the bathroom. Second room was clean enough (although the A/C was barely limping along). Biggest issue was that you gave keys to our room to others, not once, but TWICE. Fortunately the first people to enter our room were not strangers, but family who were also in town for a reunion. Second folks who were given keys to our room were strangers. Thankfully we were outside our room as they attempted to enter. I have never ever experienced this. A) do you not change the key code? Three different reservations with working keys to the same room in ten hours? B) understand the risk of safety of person and property when you run people through your hotel like this? 
Unfortunately, many of our family members had weird and questionable experiences when checking in over the weekend. 
You are the only 'real' hotel in Clyde. That doesn't mean you can stop trying.
Rating: 4
Text: This is a pretty nice hotel but it is a Red Roof Inn. The rooms are decent size,clean  and I found the majority of the staff to be helpful and friendly.  The only major issue we had was waking up several times each night to the sound or running water we just couldn't fathom how anyone could run water in their room that often. We were in room 217 ? which didn't have an adjoining room or any plumbing on that side of the room but it was the industrial size ice maker refilling through the night and that water noise of it filling is quite high especially if you are a light sleeper. 
Rating: 5
Text: Although the hotel was a little dated, the staff made a horrible trip so much better. Ms. Shanan showed genuine concern about an incident that occurred prior to my arrival. Ms. Dawn (I believe that was her name) and Ms. Shanan were both attentive to my needs and were very prompt and courteous each and every time I interacted with them. Another guest had an issue with a television in his room. Since maintenance wasn't available, Ms. Dawn offered him an upgraded suite. It made a huge impression on me because that happened to me at another hotel recently and the staff didn't care or attempt to rectify the situation. I was without a working television for 2 days. Great customer service really makes a huge difference and I appreciate those ladies and wish them nothing but the best.
Rating: 5
Text: I come up with family to visit my grandma every year for about a year. This year however there are no dressers in the rooms or a table to set up my laptop. The rest however is as expected. Service is good, room are clean, and the beds are comfy.
Rating: 1
Text: I went there over the weekend and I chose this place because I have been to several Red Roofs over the last two years. The first room we checked into was not clean. The handles were sticky, there were coins and trash on the floor. I requested a second room and it was even worse. The toilet had not been cleaned. There was trash all over the floor and behind the dresser including someone's ear buds, empty water bottles, something out of a toy machine, general trash and more coins. The beds were obviously slept in as well. The third room we got checked into was better but by that time it was 230 in the morning and I really didn't care I just wanted to sleep.
