Red Roof Inn Paducah
Rating: 3
Text: Great clean location, everyone was super friendly, breakfast food was good. Only reason I gave a 3 is bed was not to my liking (to firm) and all the pillows were like air. Priced very good for the area.
Rating: 4
Text: The Red Roof Inn is a good value for the price. We stayed two separate nights 10 days apart. The first night was a Friday night. Our room was clean and comfortable, and the mattress was nicely firm. Our second night was a Monday night. We needed a first floor room to avoid climbing stairs with a bad knee. There were none available (we didn't reserve one), but the attendant disclosed that there was one "odd" first-floor room that was rarely rented. We took it. It has an oversized bathtub, which I loved! It's such a luxury to take a long soak after a day's driving. It is odd that it's not private. It's open to the room except for shower curtains. If modesty is not an issue, it's a bonus.
Rating: 4
Text: Not too bad. It was nice how close it was to a gas station. I also noticed they had a cut out bin that's left out with cat food to feed feral cats, which is really nice. Room was clean and comfortable. I liked how they had a cart for your luggage.
Rating: 5
Text: For a place I was expecting to be just a bed to sleep in they really exceed my expectations!! Bed was comfortable. Breakfast was more than cereal! They had WAFFLES!! Our room was clean and the staff was very friendly!! Good location next to a beat-all-prices fireworks stand and 2 gas stations! Close to the interstate made this stay easy to find! We did have one problem and that was during a torrential down pour our ceiling in the bathroom leaked a little but stopped immediately after the rain let up! I will be staying here again for sure! Maybe just on the first floor! :-)
Rating: 4
Text: Good accommodations for a low price. Free breakfast in the morning including a belgian waffle maker was nice. Lobby and hallways did smell like cigarette smoke but this was the only downside to an otherwise pleasant one night stay.
