Red Roof Inn Columbus Northeast - Westerville
Rating: 4
Text: It was very clean and the rooms have been updated. The furniture seemed new, they have laminate flooring, and the decor was very nice for a motel. The bedding was fine, the mattress was firm, the pillows were okay. There was free WiFi and the staff reassigned our room when we asked due to loud neighbors. No complaints and I'd definitely recommend this place!
Rating: 4
Text: Very cheap room prices and well taken cared for than any other Red Roof in I've seen. Great location near several places to shop and grab some food. Breakfast included in the am. Not an upscale Inn by any means however the beds are comfortable and the rooms gave refrigerators and microwaves and flat screen television. If you need a great stop over or a cheap place to stay in Westerville for a couple days, it's a nice spot.
Rating: 5
Text: For a lower end hotel with few amenities for the budget conscious traveler this place is FABULOUS! I have stayed here a few times and it has always been postive except one time I did not have the cleanest room when they were short staffed but other than that time the rooms always have been really nice and clean. No bed bugs,no hair everywhere like other reviewers said and it is a VERY SAFE,upper scale suburban neighborhood that is well partoled including this hotel. Two police men waved at me as they drove by earlier, which I thought was a very nice way for them to welcome guests that are traveling to their City. The pool is small but it is also nice and clean with some lounge chairs. Vending machines and even an outside sitting area near the pool with a grill. Front desk always personable and friendly. Cable TV, nice sized flat screens,Mini-fridge, microwave, coffee pot and hair dryer in all the rooms. Friendly soft light lamps, air unit works good and comfortable beds for a cheaper motel. For $10 more than the Knights Inn I LOVE staying here for the price and nice updated rooms.
Rating: 2
Text: At first room seemed ok but upon further investigation there were tiny black hairs all over the sheets and the backside of the top sheet had too many stains to count. The ceiling in the bathroom was an uncompleted drywall job with globs of drywall mud amd dust falling while showering. Stayed due to them allowing dogs but i honestly wouldnt even have my dog stay there. Very cheap overnight accommodations but the price reflects the quality.
Rating: 5
Text: Everything was good but did not provide water for morning coffee
