Red Roof Inn Cleveland - Medina
Rating: 5
Text: Best Red Roof Inn I’ve stayed at so far! We love that they don’t charge extra for pets as a chain policy - but this particular location also has slightly roomier rooms (at least our single queen bed room was) and more spacious bath/sink spaces. Very clean and staff at the desk was friendly. Would stay again!
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly staff, attentive and willing to please your visitor. Rooms and surroundings very clean. In short a very experience in this place. Highly recommended!!
Rating: 1
Text: If there was an option for a 0, I would give it.  We check in and the agent is pleasant, which was the only good thing.  We get to the room and the lock is literally hanging from the wall, screws exposed, no way to use it. So we ended up putting a chair behind the door to keep it closed. The room was very warm so I went to turn on the air...the unit is apparently a show piece, since nothing happened no matter what button you push. So we slept in a room that was about 82 degrees.  The icing on the cake was the fact that you couldn't flush the toilet. The tank had no water in it. We call the front desk and the phone just rings and rings. We come to find they are all booked and we got the last room. After all of that, they don't offer any type of compensation. Do not stay there!!! Pretty sure it's some type of violation to not have a working toilet...and it's certainly a safety issue to not have a door that locks!!
Rating: 1
Text: This place went down hill since last year. My husband and I are not going to stay there again. Scratchy towels, only enough towels for one person. The room smelled like cigars, and we don't smoke. We are so disappointed, we love to stay at Red Roof Inns because they accept pets without charging a fee & we collect points to get rewards. But this one, never again will we stay there.
Rating: 3
Text: We have stayed at this Red Roof location 3 times so far because it is almost exactly half way from NY to Tennessee and we travel with our dog. I was OK with the hotel until I stayed at a different Red Roof in Akron on my way back from Tennessee. The cleanliness was iffy. The tub looked dirty and the room had a musty odor. Every time the AC unit kicked in the room smelled like cigarettes. We had a non smoking room but somehow I not only smelled smoke it felt like the room was saturated in it. It only seemed to bother me though. The coffee was OK and there is a little breakfast room that is quaint with a cute little starter breakfast. The staff was friendly but I got the impression they lived on site because they frequently walked past our room to the back. I love the location and in the morning none of the surrounding businesses open until lunch so I was able to go for a run without worrying I would get lost or accosted. If the rooms were repaired and cleaner I would give it more stars.
