Red Roof Inn Holton
Rating: 1
Text: If I could put negative 10 stars I would! This is the worst place I have EVER been to! The rooms smell awful, there was a cupcake wrapper in the drawer, a rubber fishing worm on top of the air conditioner unit, and the bed skirts and walls were filthy! Our air went out while there and the manager told my fiance if we wanted a new unit my fiance would have to help him take out the unit and get another one! Also while my fiance was at work I was there alone with my 11 month old (who can't walk very good yet) and my dog. I needed new bedding because she made a mess on it and clean towels as we were only provided two upon arrival for three people. I was told if I wanted them I would have to come get them myself and bring all the dirty things, mind you the part of the hotel I was in was a side building, so you have to walk a ways to the front desk, I advised I had my 11 month and could not carry her and everything else and asked again nicely if someone could bring them it didn't matter what time, and they said let me ask the manager (now meaning more than one person at front desk) and he got back on and said my service wasn't today so I had to go up there if I wanted it. It's a HOTEL!! So I called guest services and asked if that was the usual for their hotels and they advised me no it is not and they were very sorry and put me on hold for a min, when they came back I received a call from the front desk saying, hi it's the manager and we just got a call from guest services so you won't be staying here anymore, you have to leave today, bye. : I was PISSED. Way to care about your customers, it was an Arabian man and his wife who were very rude! Will never stay at a red roof inn again! , And side note, they told us they were completely booked the entire time we were there and the parking lot stayed empty so not sure what was up with that!
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice people nice rooms and great price
Rating: 2
Text: Rooms are clean but be careful this place has allot of hidden hazards. You might get a room that the sink won't work. Or the tv is broken. Ours had a previous electrical short can still see the smoke burns on the wall with a bonus front desk has to open the door every time. Oh and cant forget about the electrical short in the laundry room filled the hallway with smoke. Lastly make sure you check your rate we had a block of rooms and same group different prices. If they don't fix all the electrical and plumbing issues they are going to have HUGE problems in the future
Rating: 1
Text: Let's just call it Bed Bug Inn!
We stayed one night in a room that was only somewhat acceptable given the location but the room was pretty dirty and very, very musty smelling.
The next night we came back through  and decided we would stay again since it was after 11:00 pm, we were exhausted! After all, knew what to expect and the price was fair....
This time we requested a different room because the one we had before  smelled so bad....
OMG.. I do a bed bug check under the linens of every place we stay and found the most HORRIFIC BLACK BED BUG FECES STAINS  ALL OVER THE CORNERS AND SIDES OF MATTRESS with many dead bug carcasses in the seams of mattress!
Oh how I wish I had thought to take pictures....Gross!!!!!
We reported this to desk clerk who was apologetic and set us up in yet another room.
No signs of bed bugs in that room but again found ourselves stuck in a poorly maintained and icky room!
Never again!
We travel extensively for work and our expectations are not out of line when it comes to affordable lodging bit this place was the ABSOLUTE NASTIEST place we have ever stayed!
Rating: 1
Text: We were in the smaller section. You had to go outside to get Wi-Fi, signal was too poor in the room. Severe problem with bed bugs. If I could give negative stars, I would. Employees just brushed complaints aside, like they didn't matter. "No bedbugs, new mattresses." Maybe so, still had bed bugs. Switched hotels.
