Red Roof Plus+ Ann Arbor - University of Michigan North
Rating: 2
Text: THIS IS A MOTEL. We thought we were booking A HOTEL room, but upon check in, we realized that this was a tiny, expensive motel room, like one you'd stay at if you unexpectedly broke down in the highway. The bathroom sink doesn't actually fit in the tiny bathroom, and the room is significantly smaller than a cruise ship basic stateroom. This would all be fine if the pricetag were $50-60... But they actually charge $230/night for this! You can find a better deal somewhere else. On a positive note, it seemed clean.
Rating: 4
Text: I was actually pleasantly surprised by this hotel.
After several occasions at questionable lodgings, I've admittedly become a little bit of a hotel snob- being compelled to sleep in the chair in your room can be a bit of a turn off.
The staff was both friendly and helpful, and the room was quite nice.
Easy access to both the highway and downtown Ann Arbor was definitely a bonus.
Rating: 4
Text: We stay here about once a year to attend drs appointments at UofM. The hotel is basic, but clean and has what you need. The staff is friendly and helpful. The immediate area has a grocery store, pharmacy, and a couple of restaurants within walking distance. The free breakfast offered is simple, but you can use the voucher as a coupon for cash off the breakfast buffet. It's served at the adjacent Big Boy restaurant. The location is convenient, and has always been 5 to 15 minutes from any appointments we've had. This place is not fancy or unique, but we will continue to come back because it meets all our basic needs.
Rating: 2
Text: Everything is pretty good once you're in your room. The receptionist lady in the lobby was very rude. The hotel claims to be "100% smoking free" but right at the entrance to the lobby, an EMPLOYEE was smoking anyway. Slow room service, sometimes forgetting you even called. Bathroom door closes but doesn't lock, and you can't request a cot because they don't have any! I would sleep on the couch but guess what? THERE'S NO COUCH! Just go to the Hampton next door and protect yourself against backache from having to sleep on the floor.
Rating: 4
Text: Very good hotel. In nice area. Very near highway and closed Ann Harbor downtown. 

Breakfast is in Big Boy restaurant. That's fun. 

In front of hotel there's gaz fire and benches around. Very good idea for meet people ?. 

Just they don't have cleaning service (-1?sorry) 
