Red Roof Inn Lansing East - Michigan State University
Rating: 4
Text: Dog friendly which is the most important to me.  Room was fine, TV worked as did the heating.  Bathroom needs updating but worked fine.  Quiet night.  No problems sign in quick and easy.
Rating: 4
Text: I like this little motel it nice! And I never gave signed or turned over anything of my accounts information and apparently something has been happening and my phone is hacked by the hole state and I never hurt any one... So I don't know were this is coming from but it's a lie Stevie in WV has been trying to set me up for Tom and he told me he O.D. in WV and I have been in Lansing all day most of the day anyway at the lottery board trying to get my lottery tickets figured out. These are our kids and we just spoke with them! And they are fine
Rating: 1
Text: My best friend and I decided to come to East Lansing for the first Michigan State football game of the season. We saw the pictures online and thought "hey this looks pretty decent for a red roof inn!" so we were like, ya whatever lets book it and it was only for one night. We walk up to our room, first red flag was that the door was jammed shut, we had to go downstairs and find someone to kick the door open. Once it finally managed to open for us, we walked in and the room smelled like 15 dead bodies and a smokers lounge combined. We decided to look around to find where the smell was coming from, as we did that we saw condom wrappers all under the bed and to top it off there was BLOOD on the carpet. The lighting was dark and creepy. The whole room was just musty. This place is the worst motel anyone could ever imagine. So gross. Saw some scary construction workers next-door to our room, smoking on the balcony just staring at us. Creepiest, mustiest, nastiest, crappiest, grossest place on this earth. We went downstairs, got a refund, left that place in lightning speed.
Rating: 2
Text: Stayed here for the homecoming game. Found at least 15 stink bugs in our room and woke up with bug bites all over my feet and legs. When I spoke with the reception about this they offered me 15% off the room. When they processed the discount they actually only gave me 10% off. Overall the rooms were decent for a motel and the lobby area is nice but this place really needs to work on the bug infestation they have going on. Can't recommend this place unfortunately.
Rating: 1
Text: Spent the night here when I came to visit family with my dogs.  I guess everything was ok with the stay but my dogs came back with bunch of friends called fleas and I am still dealing with this issue.  It's driving me crazy!!.  Look on the bright side, at least they didn't have bed bugs...
