Red Roof Plus+ Columbus Downtown - Convention Center
Rating: 4
Text: Perfect hotel experience. We arrived during a storm and the convenient check in parking allowed our stuff to stay dry. The weather temporarily knocked out cable but we got a phone call from the front desk saying it should be working again very quickly. The breakfast could use some work but it was better than not having breakfast. This is my second time staying here and I would stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: Do you like hassle free parking, clean quiet rooms and affordable prices? If so, skip this terrible excuse for a hotel at all costs. Parking is ten dollars a night and across a four lane road, IF there are enough spaces. The walls are made out of paper and you can hear EVERYTHING. The heater sounds like the first ever locomotive barrelling through the room. Check the chairs, because the lounger in my room had signs of water damage. I don't even want to know. Also, they charge the same price as a real hotel. It's absolutely ridiculous. Do yourself a favor and book somewhere else.
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms were clean and spacious-we stayed in a standard king I think. The bed was ok, but the pillows were awful: hard and flat. The continental breakfast was very basic: muffins, bagels, toast, fruit, yogurt, coffee, and juice. The location is very convenient to many things down town. Our wedding reception was at Dock 580 and we chose this hotel because of its proximity to the venue as well as the reasonable prices. My bridesmaids and I were able to get ready in one of their conference rooms which was a nice size with lots of windows for natural light, and tables and chairs, but when we got there, there was moldy trash sitting on top of the garbage can and flies all around it so we had to have somebody come change it. Overall, I would probably stay there again for the price, but there were some missed details and I wouldn't choose it again for a special event.
Rating: 4
Text: We had a king size bedroom. I stayed in hotels that were roughly the same price or even cheaper that had a lot more space and nicer amenities. I can only talk that up to Red Roof not being a higher quality Hotel like Marriott. And that the hotel was more of convenience and not of quality
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is the perfect cross between location and price. It's a great location within walking distance of the convention center, nationwide arena, Huntington ballpark, restruants and breweries. The only downside... The toilet paper is very rough.
