Red Roof Inn St Louis - St Charles
Rating: 1
Text: It was DIRTY! smelt like smoke even though the room was supposed to be smoke free. Flies met us at the door, spiders, moths, stains on the walls and floors. Dirt build up in the bathroom. I asked for fresh sheets they were unable to provide it. Locks broken. I flew in from CA and was forced to stay there everywhere else was booked. slept in the bed, day 2 woke up with bites. I will NEVER stay there again.
Rating: 2
Text: This used to be my goto hotel when I needed an inexpensive place to stay.  However it no longer is. This motel is older and of course being a budget motel my expectations aren't  high. However up until recently it was always worth it for the low price. Unfortunately in the last few months they have raised their prices at least 10-20 dollars a night. Yet the rooms have not had renovations and no new amenities are being offered. It simply is NOT WORTH 60-80 dollars or MORE a night to stay here. You are getting LESS than what you pay for. 

When there are other options available like Motel6 that charge less $$ and have newer and much more updated rooms, it no longer makes sense to stay at Red Roof. Although the staff was always great at this location this is no longer my first choice.
Rating: 4
Text: Great stay. Front desk staff was kind and helpful. We had our cats with us, and they accommodations were perfect for pet friendly travel. The rooms are updated, but they do smell of smoke. Lots of parking and food options nearby.
Rating: 5
Text: I've been using this hotel for many yrs and have loved the service provided, and the rooms. We came in and there was a stinch; however, they gave us some frebeeze and that went away quickly. They allow our dogs here and that's the best part, because I take my pups everywhere with me. I'd have to say that for the price the rooms and service fit just well. Red roof has made major improvement over the yrs... I love this place, my family and I have had many memories. I'm sad to see other people have had bad experiences, I've never had a bad one, yet. Thank you Red Roof for your great service to me, it's been a blast.
Rating: 1
Text: Really dirty, run down, and unkept.  The only reason I could give them a star was because we were able to get a room last minute.  Too expensive for the quality of this run down place. The 100% smoke free room smelled so badly of smoke we will be finding a laundry today to take care of clothes in the room.  We left as early as possible to get out.
