Red Roof Inn Lafayette
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms were better then the reviews mentioned. But the staff are not on the same page. Tried to double charge us. The breakfast was 2 stars. Need more variety
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed at the Red Roof Inn 9/12/17.  I made the mistake of not checking my bed and room before laying down for the night.  When I woke up, I found a bedbug crawling on the wall above my headboard.  I checked the corner of the bed and found all of the tell tale signs.  I left the room, finished getting ready for the day outside and notified the front desk.  After not really doing anything about it, I called Red Roof Inn Corporate and filed a complaint.  

I promptly received a phone call from the manager, frustrated that I didn't talk to him before I filed the complaint and he requested that I retract my complaint.  He said there had never been any other issues at the location...however....look at the other complaints for this location.  I called him out on it and he then said that all hotels in the US have bed bugs and that it's not a big deal.  

I left my complaint with corporate and followed it up with a call to the health department.  Maybe it will make a difference....but how frustrating!
Rating: 5
Text: Comfortable stay, great location close to many stores. The room had nice light fixtures, a fridge and a microwave. Complimentary breakfast had variety of foods. Helpful staff.
Rating: 5
Text: The room was nice and clean. Employees were excellent. Sadly I overslept and missed the free breakfast served from 6-9. Would stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: Pros: Rooms were clean, staff were very friendly and helpful with my needs, and provided a pack-and-play with clean sheets for my son to sleep in when we forgot our own. Cons: Rooms were tiny. There was a "desk" and a chair next to the TV, but there was no room to sit there and use it with the bed behind it. My room smelled of cigarette smoke with a noticeable burn mark on the plastic bathroom fan cover despite a strict no smoking policy. Their policy was so strict, in fact, that it was a $200 charge if you do smoke in the room. I had to notify the front desk of the smell as I didn't want someone else's $200 charge. Fortunately the lady was helpful and made a note of it. I haven't seen a $200 charge so far. Also, if you see them advertise a "hot" breakfast, be warned that it's just a continental breakfast with a waffle maker in a laughably small room.
