Red Roof Inn Toledo - University
Rating: 5
Text: I am a regular guest at the Red Roof Toledo University. It's a quiet location that has recently had all of its rooms beautifully remodeled and decorated. It has exceptionally fast WiFi for streaming, incredible proximity to the high way and restaurants, (I highly recommend Al Smiths Place), and continues to provide wonderfully priced and spectacular housing on my quarterly visits. I am a Redicard rewards user and have not received a complimentary water bottle yet. That is my only gripe. Other than that I always recommend this Red Roof.
Rating: 1
Text: My home home was distroyed by water and we needed a place to stay while the home was fixed that allowed our dog and close to work. My insurance found this place and paid for the stays. 
They were rude and and after the first week they began harassing my pregnant daughter who the room was for. The maintenance man kept coming into the room unannounced and while my daughter was at work. They accepted each renewal but front desk kept complaining it wasn't a extended stay. She would call me crying and stressed. 
If I had a place for her to go while the house was being fixed it would not be here. I'm filing a complaint on the shady creepy maintenance man. No stars.
Rating: 3
Text: Used to be a lot nicer when it first opened.  There used to be a great bar called Arnie's nearby, now closed.  Lots of fast food restaurants nearby.  Uncle John's Pancake House is great for breakfast.  Close to Interstate.  Needs renovating.
Rating: 5
Text: Updated rooms, clean and neat .  Refrigerator, microwave, coffee machine,  hairdryer, ironing table with iron, even safe were in the room!! And very cheap compare other places. I was very skeptical about this place and figure we will find something else if we don’t like it. No way- I will always stop at this location of Red Roof Inn if  I ever go to Toledo…Did I mansion great personal and reflect location! A+!
Rating: 5
Text: Nice hotel to stay at...wasn't fancy..wasn't dirty...nice clean room...small refrigerator..small safe..enough towels..hair dryer...it was perfect for the price...
