Red Roof Inn London I-75
Rating: 5
Text: Best Red Roof in so far. We have stayed in many Red Roof Inn''s and this one has been the best. Bed was wonderful. Hotel was very clean and quiet. After a long drive hubby and I had wonderful well deserved sleep. Front desk Gentle man was very kind and soft spoken. The atmosphere alone is so relaxing.
Rating: 5
Text: This Red Roof Inn is absolutely the best one I’ve ever stayed in. I saw awards on the wall by the front desk and I can understand why.

The building, grounds, and facilities are well kept and up to date. It looked like the entire interior, public areas and rooms, had been recently remodeled. If so, they did an excellent job. 

The rooms have flooring which looks like hardwood. This is superior to carpet in both cleanliness and upkeep. The room layout is quite functional for working and relaxing. Mine had a desk with a large workspace, the king size bed was firm and comfortable, there was a flat panel TV, microwave, and refrigerator. All was in perfect working order and clean.

Many hotels, no matter the price point, have showers in which the shower head is ridiculously low. Being 6’6” I was very pleased that was not the case in my room here. 

The breakfast was a pleasant surprise for this 2 star level hotel. They offered the usual items plus a crock pot filled with tasty sausage gravy. Naturally there were biscuits too. The breakfast area was clean and well stocked. 

The public areas were impeccably maintained and had a comfortable feel to them. This Red Roof Inn has inside hallways which is superior to the ones that do not in my opinion. 

The check in and check out could not have been faster. The staff were pleasant, professional, and efficient. 

The hotel is easy to get to right off of I-75 with plenty of parking. 

It was quiet here and I had a restful stay. I would definitely stay here again without hesitation.
Rating: 4
Text: Reasonably nice hotel. Looks modern and tidy but the bed seemed a little hard. The side facing I-75 is a little noisy but not unbearably so. Room had a mini fridge, microwave, and coffee maker. Continental breakfast is decent with waffles and biscuits with gravy being the hot items available. Kind of heavy on carbs but not bad if you don't mind that. Staff was friendly and helpful.
Rating: 2
Text: Upon arrival, check in went smooth and staff was nice. Entering the room it was ok. Set on the bed and was disappointed, very uncomfortable. Although they boast about new rooms the bathroom appeared old and either cleaned poorly or not clean at all. Next day the breakfast was horrible. Biscuit and gravy, don't expect sausage in it and it taste like paste. There was nothing cooked except if you did it. Will not go back.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean, well maintained. Close to the highway but not objectionable. Left turns are tricky getting out but traffic lights can help with this. Don't speed unless you want to enrich the county. They hide in parking lots.
