Red Roof Inn Lexington - Winchester
Rating: 4
Text: Obviously an older motel but the room was clean. Bed was comfortable. Staff was very friendly. Breakfast ended at 9:00. Did not make it down in time so can not offer an opinion on that. Compared with other Winchester motels I would say price was reasonable.
Rating: 1
Text: It starts with a loose handrail going up the stairs and goes downhill from there. Not a single empty plug. Had to unplug TV to charge phone. Seal in window broken so hard to see out. Not enough seats in breakfast room so some had to stand. Holes in walls where hair dryer used to be. Hair dryer plug dead. Stains on comforter. Bed uncomfortable. The list goes on.
Rating: 2
Text: I have stayed here twice. Not impressed at all. yesterday there was a dead bug on my pillow and two ( what i assume were baby roaches) crawling across the door when i woke up. They changed the pet policy since the last time i was there and made no notice of it. After driving 6 hours from South Carolina with my 2 dogs i was told i was only allowed one dog. The staff was unimpressive both times. No customer service skills and minimal if any effort to make you feel welcome or comfortable. The chair's in my room were DISGUSTING and the bathroom as well as towels were so old and dingy i didn't even shower before my ride home.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff was kind and helpful. TV was acting crazy but for one night stay it wasn't a priority a big deal. The dog stayed at no extra charge. Fast and easy check in. There is a little stretch of lawn for pets along the side. I didn't try the breakfast but I'm sure it's pretty standard. No signs of bedbugs,a bonus.
Rating: 4
Text: I travel maybe 8-10 months out of the year. I've stayed here for roughly a month and a half. The new manager that has recently taken over has made a tremendous effort to update the place. If you have ANY problems with your stay, talk to him. He will go out of his way to see to it your stay is enjoyable. I'm staying there now as we speak. The rooms are comfortable, the ac is ice cold and they are clean. Any time we stay in Winchester, we always stay here. I rated it 4 stars only because the fridge froze all my food. Lol That's it.
