Red Roof Inn Springfield
Rating: 4
Text: For  a two star hotel our stay was great. Our room was clean and the staff were great. Our toilet leaked water every time we flushed it and the sockets were loose by the sink. We let the staff know and they got their Facilities team on it right away. If you are looking for a cheap place to sleep, a good place to go.
Rating: 1
Text: I arrived last night at 11pm. Was told that there was no hot water until midnight. Asked for blankets, employee said he will drop them off in 20 minutes, but never came. Woke up around 5 to sweating because they lost electricity. They slipped a note under the door informing us the hot water was still not working( no mention of the electricity) I was in town to take a test so I needed to shower. I figured I would take a cold shower and deal with the issues later. Well the water in the shower didn't work either. I spoke to management and not once did they apologize but instead said there was nothing they could do. I have sent an email to corporate. When we went back to the room to pack up we also found 2 cockroaches in our bed
Rating: 1
Text: Wish there was an option to opt for negative 'stars'. You are better off sleeping in the parking lot in your car...they had no hot water when we arrived. Yet we agreed to stay regardless-believing the promises given that it would be fixed within the hour. Lies. Advertised amenities were NOT provided (amenities as simple as ice and extra blankets)...Everything from no hot water/ANY water from the shower was the case, to a 'power outage' (experienced by the motel only we were told- but witnessed street lights still functioning across the street), no basic tolietries as promised, room key malfunctions and numerous trips to the front desk to demand resolution. No AC/functioning refrigerator and on top of it all, no functioning shower-freezing water would've sufficed, staff banging on the door 3 times overnight....not to mention the reason we woke up was uncomfortable heat and the sweats due to loss of electricity in 92 degree weather around 1am. COCKROACHES, on the pillow and smoke burns on the blankets that we didn't see until they were visible due to the intense heat and sunlight the next day in sunlight. I took pictures of at least two massive cockroaches I witnessed on the blanket and pillow I used the night before the next day coming back with the intent to relax. If I could attach them here I would...the entire stay was atrocious and there was no apology or even a simple regretful sentiment from the manager. Do yourself a favor and do not stay here...Please. Corporate has been called and repercussions are in progress. I don't typically write reviews, my 2nd one ever, but if you care about your health and trouble of simply booking a room and expecting a comfortable decent stay...STAY away from THAT place.
Rating: 1
Text: Bad experience. I expected no frills but noting matched their claim on web advertisement. No hair dryer, no coffee maker, no Frig, no microwave. Dirty bed skirts, and black bath tub. 
The staff was the only good thing I have to say about the stay. Clerk was very helpful when police had to be summoned after another guest backed into our vehicle and fled the scene.
Rating: 2
Text: Not the worst motel if your just needing a place to sleep while traveling but would not choose this place if your with your children. My baby's clothes were filthy within 10 minutes if her crawling around on the floor. Also ordered a pizza and the office sent the driver away without telling us so waited for 2 hrs for nothing. Marcos pizza is a joke. They didn't even try to call my phone or knock on our room number. Overall was just okay.
