Red Roof Inn & Suites Battle Creek
Rating: 1
Text: Zero stars. The first room they put me in was room #228, it was missing a tv. I complained to the front desk and the clerk moved me to room 220. In room 220 there was hair in the tub, on the bathroom floor, in the sink, and hair in the bed sheets. My husband killed 3 stink bugs in the first 10 minutes of checking in. At 5 AM I tried to turn on the air conditioning and it did not work. When I called to complain to the front desk he said there was nothing he could do about it he already moved me once. I called the next day to complain to the owner and he tried to justify how dirty his hotel room was. He belittled me and made me as a woman feel worthless and unimportant.  I asked for a refund on my hotel room and he told me that I already slept in it that it was too bad. I called corporate and got a refund and they are looking into my complaints so they can make changes. When looking for a hotel don't stay here it is filthy, so filthy we left without showering.
Rating: 1
Text: I wouldn't say I hate this motel because the breakfast and pool were great! I will say it does need much improvement on cleaning of the rooms! I have posted pictures for everyone to see because it needs to be known. Someone could get sick and what if little babies are crawling on these floors? Yikes! My daughter has asthma so seeing the black mold really scared me! Some of the staff were pretty rude I asked for more towels and she said " if I give you towels today you won't get any tomorrow"! Wow! I ran out of toilet paper I am unaware of the outcome of that because I didn't ask by that time I was leaving. Prices for the room is good I think the motel needs serious deep cleaning it's a very dirty PLACE. I will never stay at another red roof inn again. Proceed with caution!
Rating: 2
Text: My standards are not off the charts high, I want affordable, clean, decent bed, and shower will actually make you wet. This motel had REAL concerns. It WAS clean, bed was comfy, a/c heater unit LADEN in dust and dirt, baseboards crumbling/falling apart/ electrical outlets not securely anchored in walls, biggest issue was the NON functioning smoke detector. Red Roof Inn, you need to give this property some attention. With tax we spent $72 for the "sketchy" area it was surprisingly quiet. Oct. 2017.
Rating: 3
Text: Pretty good location off the expressway. Good quiet spot. The rooms were okay at best. Beds were comfortable and seemed clean, however everything else in the room seemed not to have been cleaned. The mirrors were all smudged and had hand prints on them. The bedside table and tv area were dusty. The service was... Interesting. They were definitely polite and courteous, but seemed confused by basic things. I booked online at 10 PM and when I arrived 15 minutes later they were cleaning my room??? And the front desk guy had to make a few phone calls to figure out my reservation. The beds and location are worth it if you want somewhere with a good price to crash for the night. Otherwise spend a little more for something cleaner.
Rating: 3
Text: Not impressed with the facility itself. The employess were wonderful. They tried their best to smooth out the wrinkles. As I went down to collect towels( that were not in the room) there was 2 guest complaining about their rooms. I decided to just get my towels and deal with the other because the desk attendant was clearly trying to resolve the complaints and was overwhelmed.
The floor was unswept, the bedspread had HUGE stains, thank goodness we brung our own. There were zero light bulbs in the living space, it had not been dusted in who knows how long. The wifi didnt work, there was no hot water and barely any water pressure. If the owners would step upvit could be ok. The Red Roof Inn used to be known as a middle class hotel but now its like a low class hotel where people live.
