Red Roof Inn Columbus - Hebron
Rating: 1
Text: I would give it no stars if possible. At first glance, it seemed like your average hotel, but I've never stayed in a hotel as terrible as this one. Our room was on the first floor, and none of the windows are tinted like in most hotels, so make sure you draw the curtains before you begin to change! Water literally began drizzling out of the ceiling in the bathroom, so we told the front desk, and they didn't seem to care at all. They didn't even come to look at it. The pillow cases were a dingy orange color as if they had never been washed (why I always bring my own). And the continental breakfast was just sliced white bread from a bag and a toaster. I would rather sleep in my car next time. At least I know it's clean and the ceiling won't leak.
Rating: 3
Text: Good value for a break from a road trip. The staff was friendly and helpful. Rates were good and the room was good. The bed was comfortable and the ac worked and was quite. The bathroom was in need of a little work but not too bad to use. I would stay here again if passing through the area.
Rating: 4
Text: Reserving my room was quick and easy. Check in was fast, and service was great. The room was huge, the bed was super comfortable and it was very clean! I was super pleased. The only downfall was the noise. Maybe I was surrounded by extremely noisy guests, but I could hear every door shut, and every noise made on our floor. Otherwise, this was a great hotel for the price paid. 
Rating: 4
Text: Decent option for the price. Nothing fancy at all, but the property and the room were reasonably clean and the staff were very friendly. Bit of a tobacco smell throughout though. Linens and towels could be changed.
Rating: 1
Text: We stay in hotels monthly for work and NEVER will I stay here again due to the front desk clerk who barely spoke English and was rude to the person before us who was having problems with something in their room then rude to us as well when checking in (she wanted to charge double what the internet reservation was for). No coffee in the rooms. No trash can in the room. Toilet has to be plunged after every use. Breakfast is a joke of cold cereal and toast. F-
