Red Roof Inn Toledo - Maumee
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed here for one night on a cross-country move from Colorado to Connecticut. Plenty of room in the parking lot for our truck, the check-in host was very friendly, and the location was just off the highway, making it convenient without being too noisy. And did I mention they're dog friendly?! Such a huge bonus.

Our room was spotless--I'm not sure what happened with other reviewer's stays, but whoever is the housekeeper for our room was amazing. I've stayed in far more expensive hotels that were a lot less appealing than this one. Our sheets were clean, there were no stains on the bed or pillows, and definitely no bugs (I'm compulsive about checking). The only problem I could see in the room was that there was a small bit of the floorboard coming off behind the bedside table; but really, who's really going to be bothered by that?

The bed was super comfortable and the shower was hot, clean, and had nice pressure. The curtains were thick enough to block out the light entirely, and I couldn't hear the highway traffic at all. The AC worked very well, and the room was soon cold. We had a room on the second floor, which meant an inside door, which I highly recommend.

I only removed a star here for the small floorboard repair needed, the dated hallway carpet and comforters, and the thin nature of the doors; I could hear everyone coming in and out of their rooms and talking in the hall. Luckily, people were pretty quiet during our one-night stay. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone staying in the Toledo-Maumee area!
Rating: 3
Text: Everything was adequate. It was clean reasonably priced and the staff was courteous. Room was dated with no carpet. Lighting did not make it feel warm. Other than that, just fine.
Rating: 5
Text: Not bad, stayed at a few red roofs.  This one is updated, so it is nicer than the others.
Rating: 2
Text: The stench of cigarettes in every hall and 
Abedroom is unbearable, it made my son throw up, my daughter couldn't sleep and i got a bad headache. It made the whole night 
Unconfortable. The rest was fine.
Rating: 4
Text: Great morning staff. Extremely helpful and friendly. Place is clean and safe. Close to tons of food, shopping and river. Awesome stay over stop for me.
