Relax Inn of HC
Rating: 2
Text: The rooms aren't modern. The interior walls need some attention. The carpets could use a good steaming. But it is a quite and laid back hotel.The owners are friendly too.
Rating: 2
Text: As others have stated the owners are very friendly.   The property. ... well it seriously needs more work than could reasonably offer the necessary return on investment to be practical.   As the only lodging in Hartford City, the town might want to think about investing and helping the owners out. 

You can stay here. The rooms are inexpensive.  You won't get murdered.  

That's really as kind as I can be. 

If not for the owners being so kind and likable this would be a 1 star rating. 
Rating: 1
Text: I have to give credit for very friendly owners, very nice people.

The room itself was the worse I've ever stayed in.  It was late when we got there, too late to drive all the way back toward the expressway (20 miles) to stay elsewhere.

The bathroom was a wreck.  Shower area and sink needed replacing.  Old TV stored under what should be a dressing counter, no mirror at the counter - no place to plug in hair dryer near a mirror.  Entry door banged up and very dirty.  Half of the wallpaper border had been torn off, half remained.  Large drywall repairs not finished.  Curtains hung haphazardly at window.  Bathroom window didn't latch shut.  Large crack in ceiling.  Electric baseboard heat unit functioning?  Temp was comfortable but we stayed during an unusual warm spell in February.

No bad smell, bed and bath linens seemed clean but the room overall needed a good deep cleaning.

I wouldn't stay again, and I hope the owners would use this feedback to take care of the issues.
Rating: 1
Text: Bed bugs! checked the room yuck !
Rating: 1
Text: Yes it a cheap place to stay during the Tri-state Engine show in Portland.  This place needs to be torn down!!!!  NO up keep has been done to the place in years.  Hell, we had two old tv stored in our room under a counter.   Many soft spots in the floor that he had to avoid.   Shower and sink full of stains.  But staff lady/owner? very friendly.   Will book a place earlier next year and get a better place. 
