Relax Inn Warrenton
Rating: 5
Text: It was a great place to stay. Loved the fact it was outside entrance and the pricing was great and staff friendly. Towels could have been bigger and whiter but I could have brought my own in this case so the stay and rooms were amazing for the price.
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT stay here, just keep going until you get to Columbia. Dirty, bugs, smelled terrible. Front office should've been the tip off for us but we were tired and stressed. Didn't see some roaches until a half hour in so I went to get a refund, but the guy working refused to give me one. He kept pointing to a sign that said no WEEKLY refunds while pacing around barefoot and threatening to call police. I kept explaining we were only there for 15 minutes but he pretended to not understand me. I left seething. We weren't even there for FIFTEEN MINUTES. This is NOT how to run a business. Everyone who runs a hotel in the area is the same way/doesn't speak English too. Save face and money by going to the next semi-major area. I'm hoping someone sees this and it saves them the hassle and stress.
Rating: 4
Text: Very affordable hotel. Friendly staff, clean rooms with a/c and hbo. Not luxurious, but very comfortable with microwave and a small refrigerator for personal use.
Rating: 1
Text: This place was dirty. The customer service was terrible. The rooms had holes in the bathroom doors, names carved in the shower, and the main door jam was broke, which made it easy for someone to break in. Two adults stayed in my room we were given only one towel, wash cloth and on the second day a bath mat for a towel. The online price was false and she overcharged me. No ice was available and when I requested an extra blanket and towels I was denied. In my opinion this is not a safe place, it's dirty, and there was a complete lack of customer service. Anytime I'd ask a question or make a request the staff acted like it was such a bother. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.
Rating: 5
Text: Great owners and nice rooms. Fast wifi as well. Will be coming back here for sure.
