Renaissance Columbus Downtown Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Had a very pleasant stay. Staff was friendly and helpful. Room service was very prompt and efficient. Plus, the room I stayed in was beautiful! Everybody here just made me feel great. If I'm ever in the area again, I will definitely come here again. The only thing, I missed out on was that I didn't get to enjoy the pool since it was closed for the season but that is not their fault. Overall, I had a wonderful stay here!
Rating: 2
Text: While the staff were very pleasant, the overall experience was poor. We were awoken at 4:30 to our neighbors listening to music and had to be moved, as the security person could not wake them up to turn it off. I later asked at the front desk if there was anything that they could do for the inconvenience and was promised an email I never got. We tried the brunch and everything was very overcooked. Finally, the rooms were somewhat updated (beds, large TV, barn doors in bathroom) but still felt like something out of the early nineties in terms of lobby and bathroom decor. An unfortunate stay that didn't live up to the Renaissance name. I have stayed in Fairfields for much less with better decor, thicker walls, and better service.
Rating: 1
Text: For a hotel that is "supposed" to be top notch this place is a joke.  We come in from out of state for a wedding with a reservation from 4 months ago and there's no room for us...  They suggested we get ready in the gym locker room.... seriously?  I got ready in the hallway with my pregnant wife.  We were late because of this and had to call an Uber instead of taking the complimentary shuttle.  They forgot to give us our wedding gift bag!  They never called us back to tell us our room was ready!  They also had the alarm set which woke us up at 6am.  Way to ruin our night out without the kids! I will never stay at this overpriced hotel again.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel in the middle of downtown Columbus. Beds are very comfy and the rooms are generous in size. The bathrooms has no lockable door - it's just a sliding panel that sections off the room. If you have friends in your room it makes it quite uncomfortable. Also, the restaurant choices within walking distance are lacking as the area is heavily business driven, so not much is open past 4 or on weekends.
Rating: 5
Text: The Columbus Renaissance is in the Civic district of downtown Columbus. The location makes it very easy to get around the area and is in walking distance of various restaurants and shops. The rooms are very modern and free of issues. I can be picky with bedding but had comfortable nights during my stay. The fitness room is well maintained and the rooftop pool area was inviting. All of my interactions with the staff were positive and they were willing to accommodate any requests and answer any questions. Overall I would say this is one of the nicer hotels I've stayed with.
