Renaissance Cleveland Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty place. Classic and classy. It would have been awesome but the people on the bar and the housekeeper didn't do their work properly... too slow service and poor cleaning of the room. It's a shame that a nice place like this have that people.
Rating: 1
Text: Just checked in.  Will update later but... Rooms are dirty and not updated (messy caulk in bathroom, peeling wallpaper, stains on carpet and furniture), room is hot as building is only on heat now, no one offered to help with luggage, the club lounge smelled and had no napkins, front staff were not friendly, said I got an upgrade then had to retract,  and location is in high loitering area.  Plenty of other places to stay in the city at slightly higher prices but much better condition.  We stayed because it had a pool for the kids.  The pictures are deceiving.  Nice bar though which we need.
Rating: 5
Text: Great downtown location! Busy place! Our check in was easy. Great service from all the employees we talked to. Lost & found were very helpful in locating my prescription glasses that got left in the room. They were very professional and I was able to pick them up on my return trip to the downtown Cleveland area the following Friday. Room was nice & clean. Quality bathroom products as they carry Aveda products. Although the room was considered a cozy queen - and it was cozy (small). Pool was located in a cool atrium. No whirlpool was disappointing.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location right on public square. The lobby was a little old fashion. The room was clean and nicely renovated but they bathroom was dated. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. Over all the location and price is why I gave it 4 stars but I wouldn't call it modern or luxurious.
Rating: 4
Text: First, the good: it's an old, grand building that has been renovated. The rooms are nice it's a good location if you need to be in that immediate downtown area. Also, the staff is well-trained and really fantastic. 

The bad: although the downstairs in lobby area is ornate, beautiful architecture, the building is way past its prime and I would imagine it's a complete money pit. That said, some corporation put a ton of money into the renovation. There is still a hint of it being a bit dirty and unfinished. The carpets in that lower area, although beautifully printed, are faded and have seen better days. The downtown, indoor mall that is attached to the hotel is suffering from inner-city blight.

 Look, I'm being nitpicky here, the truth is it's nice, the beds are comfortable, the pillows are great and the rest of what I've said is just the hotel slapping you around a little bit and saying, Hey pal, you're in Cleveland, remember?
