Renaissance Des Moines Savery Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Great place for an event. Very clean and professional looking.
Rating: 5
Text: Celebrated a birthday here with a long time friend. An cozy atmosphere in a friendly setting. Had my benchmark onion soup gratinee, which was up to my standard. A nice thick topping of cheese with layers of bread in a warm rich broth that had a hint of sweet from the caramelized onions. At the recommendation of my host, I.
Rating: 3
Text: Thus hotel is fair to good. It has a long history, and has been renovated over the years. It's in the heart of downtown, so there are plenty of places to go to eat and drink. The bathrooms in the rooms are a little dated, but the beds are nice. Internet is unbelievably slow, especially in the evening hours when everybody jumps on.
Rating: 4
Text: Initially I would have put 1 star, but after speaking with Mark Herron (the GM), I would put more.  I did not stay as a guest at this hotel, but instead attended a conference for 4 days.  On the second day, my friend offered me her key to use over lunch to pump.  Upon getting to her room I realized the key did not work and went to the front desk.  They could not let me in her room (a policy I completely understand given they don't know how I got the key).  However, what transpired after was completely ridiculous.  I asked if they had a location I could use.  The man behind the desk said, "we have the bathroom".  I proceeded to explain how I was uncomfortable using the bathroom and at several other conferences I've attended, they've simply allowed me to use an unoccupied room.  He explained they were full and I could use the restroom.  I again explained how the restroom was quite gross and asked if they had something else.  When he said "no" again, I asked to speak to a manager.  He claimed he was a manager (I later found out he is not).  After a few more questions, I explain I believe there are laws regarding this (I later found out there isn't an actual law, just common "sense" in customer service industry) and ask to speak to another manager.  In comes another "manager" who quite honestly was so condescending and rude I wish I could have recorded the interaction.  He was so arrogant and rude I still get mad just thinking about it.  He asked me repeatedly "...you're not staying here, correct?"  Each time I say, "No, but I'm using the conference space upstairs and my company paid for them to rent it."  He proceeds to "look up the law" in front of me and began reading from the computer screen to my face, and when I asked if I could use one of the various open meeting rooms I saw on the conference level floor he said, "Don't you think that's being a bit excessive and ridiculous.  I'm not going to let you use a room for this.  We just don't do that.  There is a bathroom".  At this point, my lunch being almost over, I proceed to say, "I'll just pump in the parking garage across the street in my car."  

I then go upstairs to the conference room and begin telling my friend who had returned from lunch (with the key) the whole encounter and another gal walks over to me and says "do you need to pump.  There's a room the conference room the gal who's a manager got me right past the elevator."  I was in complete shock.  I ask this new gal to come with me to speak to the "manager" and upon telling him there is, in fact, a meeting room I could use, he asks us both to come upstairs with him to find the person who allowed us to use the room.  When we find her, he basically scolds her in front of us.

So...now on to why I say I would give it more stars.  The gal whom gave us the pumping location, Jessica, is the conference manager.  After she got "scolded" by the manager from downstairs she comes in and apologizes for him and the interactions we've had.  She says she will bring this up with the general manager and it is NOT acceptable.  

The NEXT day, the general manager, the front desk manager (I think that's his role), and Jessica gave me one of the most sincere and best apologies I think I've ever received.  He promised he educated the 2 men downstairs on policy regarding nursing/pumping, how disrespectful pumping in a bathroom is, and in general how terrible they treated someone (even someone not staying there).  Kudos to Mark and the management on their dealings with the entire situation.  I hope my terrible situation lead to some changes on the part of the other two men.  I am thankful there are managers out there whom get the situation and were willing to be humble enough to apologize for the actions of others.
Rating: 5
Text: I visited for a few hours downstairs at the lounge with the couple of friends. I ordered a pineapple juice and a pizza both were very good and the service good as well. There was a nice ambience and they offered Nintendo 64 GoldenEye downstairs is just awesome
