Renaissance St. Louis Airport Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: The front desk staff was amazing. Both day and night staff were very friendly. I ate in the bar area at night. The waitress was awesome. My drink was never empty and the food was very good. I ordered the Roquefort filet and it was cooked perfectly to my liking. I would recommend the restaurant and bar. I also had breakfast in the restaurant. The staff was very friendly and all of the staff were very attentive. Even if they were not assigned to your table they would still assist each other and fill up your coffee. My food was hot and came out very fast. Once my meal was over my waitress offered me a coffee to go which was great to have on my drive to my destination. Overall I was very pleased with my visit and will be returning in the future for work and will definitely be staying here again.
Rating: 3
Text: I really like this hotel but their 48hr cancellation policy does not work for business travelers.  If you are a business traveler with schedules that change, I suggest you stay elsewhere.  Read the fine print before you book.  Both the Airport Marriott and the Airport Hilton have friendlier cancellation policies.  They are also both nice hotels.
Rating: 5
Text: I really enjoy this hotel. I stay here every time I'm flying in to STL. It's easy to locate from the airport and then easier to get to if you're picking up a rental car for later. The staff are friendly and helpful. The for in the restaurant is pretty decent as were the club lounge offerings. The rooms are spacious, clean, and comfortable.
Rating: 5
Text: First I am a advocate reader of reviews. So when I seen a review written by a fellow local guide (Michael) I took his his word and booked my room.
I am so happy I did!  This is my 1st time being here and it is gorgeous! From the bell hop taking my suitcases to my room to the minty fresh shampoo ( which by the way I have never used hotel shampoo until here) down to the most comfortable hotel bed I have laid in. This place is exceptional! I am so pleased that this is where I'll be staying from now on everytime I come to St. Louis. Thank you so much!
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty good experience. Was here for a professional training event. The rooms were clean and there was constant attention from the staff. They accommodated all our WiFi requirements. Overall a great place for a professional event.
