Renaissance Chicago O'Hare Suites Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: I've stayed at the hotel many times in the past few years. The staff has always been a pleasure to interact with. The room service is excellent, the food top notch. To add, they've got a pool, hot tub, weight room, sauna, bar, Starbucks, and restaurant as amenities. The hotel is near O'hare airport and the blue line Cumberland stop. All around nice place for relatively cheap.
Rating: 5
Text: We had our wedding block there 2 weekends ago over Labor Day weekend and were absolutely blown away with the level of service we were given. There were a couple hiccups for our wedding (NOT hotel related) and the hotel helped us with them! The front desk staff were incredible, the restaurant had a very impressive food selection, and the rooms were pristine. Thank you for such an amazing experience!
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms are very nice and the bathroom was spacious I enjoyed my 2 night stay at this hotel. The cleaning service was nice enough to organize some of my things in the bathroom which I didn't mind at all, I just wished they swept the bathroom. I would come back to stay especially to enjoy more of that hot tub and pool they have downstairs.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful hotel with an elegant lobby, a full Starbucks, and a friendly staff.  The Starbucks people are especially friendly.  Computers and printers in the lobby.  A very short walk to the Cumberland exit on the blue CTA line...in fact you can see the subway from the entrance.  There is also a nice airport shuttle and Marianos grocery store is on the other side of the freeway (you can walk through the subway to get to it).  The whole area is very safe and there are lots of professional people around all the time.
Rating: 3
Text: Attended a wedding here. I have to give high marks to the staff. They were very courteous and kind. We had a few challenges that were unexpected. The staff really took good care of us, even though we were just attendees at the wedding. The space itself was lovely. I do think some things could have ran more smoothly, but all in all, the staff was instrumental in making it a memorable night.
