Residence Inn by Marriott South Bend
Rating: 2
Text: Rooms are spacious and modern, hotel has a homey feel. However, it was dirty when they gave it to us, requested the room to be vacumed 3 times before they came and did a poor job. We felt a bit mistreated by the staff with certain comments and or inquiries throughout our stay. Housekeeping in general is not the best, leaving things unclean, also, not sure  what happen to the sink in the bathroom, it had a very bad smell, we ended up buying our own cleaning products to alleviate the bad smell. Breakfast, is nice here tho. We were on business travel, and decided to checkout and head elsewhere for the remaining of our time.
Rating: 4
Text: Older property that they are remodeling. Nice front desk staff. Rooms are cozy and modern but old heating/air units that are super loud. Lots of spiderwebs in outdoor corridors. Housekeeping could step it up a bit too...I found ample spiderwebs around my room too (bathroom corners, windows, patio door, etc) Ample parking.
Rating: 4
Text: Checked in super late because of bad weather and Southwest misplacing our luggage. So we didn't arrive tell about 430am but the front desk clerk was very nice and helpful which was awesome after the day we had. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable!
When we needed to check out the next day the hotel called us when our luggage final arrived so we could continue our vacation! 
They are doing some renovations  to the hotel it's a little unsightly but I'm sure it will look amazing when it's completed.
Rating: 5
Text: A very nice hotel. Room was a single level studio type (they also have 2 level 3 bedroom units) and was well appointed. Comfortable bed and couch, clean shower head. There were plenty of outlets on the various desks and tables, but none directly beside the bed. The bedside lights were great though. The sink was located outside the toilet/tub room, and had a large mirror with great surround light for make-up application. The kitchen has a glass 2 burner electric cooktop, a smaller full size fridge, a dishwasher and a disposal on the sink drain. There was a nice deck off the reception building, and a pool. There was no hot tub. Behind the pool was a half size basketball court with provisions for a volleyball net, and then a swings with slide. Staff was excellent, and called about 20 min after I got to my room to check in. Every night had a different "beers and snacks" event/food combination. Breakfast was also better than most, with the standard hotel fair and some more unique options including fresh smoothies when I was there.
Rating: 5
Text: Great Hotel with a great staff. Suites are large and spacious. Well taken cared of facility!
