Residence Inn by Marriott Springfield South
Rating: 5
Text: I love it. The hotel is very close to I-55 Stevenson so it's easy to find. The reception desk was very friendly although they were busy. The room was clean and roomy which could be able to turn it into a double + twin beds. Exit back doors were closed to the guested room. Breakfast was good. I like the idea of making my own little waffle. The room also has all of the cooking equipments, even dishwashing liquid. I definitely will go back and strongly recommend to everyone.
Rating: 5
Text: I was completely blown away by this place! The staff was amazing, the room was fantastic, and it was so clean and well kept! The complimentary breakfast buffet was terrific, the staff in charge of breakfast were very helpful, and the food was nice and hot and nothing ran out. One lady had offered suggestions about where to go and was very friendly. Plus it was within 10 minutes of all the places we wanted to go. I would 100% recommend this hotel! We were very impressed.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed for a week and really enjoyed it. Staff is very friendly and the room was nice. The kitchenette was having during our visit so we didn't have to eat out. We'll stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was nicely renovated and the staff were very friendly. The breakfast was good.

Unfortunately, the a/c in all the rooms is right across from the bed. This causes some loud noises to reverberate the whole time the ventilation is on. If you have trouble sleeping with noises, this isn't the place for you.

The pool was also really dirty when we were there. The otherwise really lovely pool area had a salt water pool with a slimy green coating along the bottom. Similarly the whirlpool was also not very clean.

It's too bad, as for the high price I wouldn't have expected these issues to be present.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I recently stayed here for our honeymoon. It was a terrific experience. Staff are super friendly and helpful. Rooms are very nice. Spent a lot of time at the pool, it was awesome, hardly ever busy or overcrowded. Even offered a basketball court in which you could get basketballs at front desk. The breakfast was absolutely superb, probably the best hotel breakfast I've ever eaten. Definitely recommend it!
