Residence Inn by Marriott Columbus Easton
Rating: 5
Text: Very good place to stay.... staff is very nice... 2 bedroom suite with common "living area" is idea for a roommate type situation... both rooms has it's own bathrooms.... would stay here again... did I mention very nice shopping area across the street
Rating: 2
Text: If you book travel, this hotel has a cumbersome 3rd-party payment form process. I filled out the form which was approved, but then I still had my guest telling me that the hotel wanted him to pay an incidental deposit out of pocket the day that he checked in, which he wasn't willing to pay since my company was covering the hotel. Additionally, calling the front desk to get a receipt for my guest was painful. The associate who shall remain nameless told me that she couldn't look up my guest's information without knowing his check-out date and wanted me to call him to ask when he checked out before she would help me. I confronted her about it because any other hotel would look up the guest's information by their name, check-in date, or any other identifiers I had. She made me read her my confirmation number off the travel itinerary I got from my travel company, which she then told me was wrong. Eventually I got her to e-mail me a receipt, and I was tired of being polite to her because I thought she was being rude. The e-mail never came through, so I called back and talked to a nice guy named Larry who e-mailed me the receipt without a fuss. I wouldn't recommend booking here if you're a third-party payer.
Rating: 4
Text: Great venue for hosting an event. The staff is helpful and the amenities are nice. The place could use a new coat of paint for sure, but the negatives are overshadowed by the positives.
Rating: 5
Text: Everything was great for me here. Good room and good breakfast as far as they go. Nice staff.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel is nice and close the shopping areas. Studio style rooms which are nice if you would rather eat in to save money. Overall would recommend.
