Residence Inn by Marriott Davenport
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel has the best customer service I've seen at any hotel. They are friendly, personable and meet all needs. I love the area. The lawn is very well kept.  The rooms are  clean and cozy. I breakfast is hot and fresh. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed here for 2 weeks, we travel quite a bit and when we came here we were very impressed. The employees were friendly and personable, every Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday they have free food around 6, the food is good and it comes with free drinks as well. Can't beat that! We will definitely be coming back!
Rating: 4
Text: Tried to place me in a stinky room at first. Second choice was great. Nice and clean. Great location. Easy access to everything. Decent continental breakfast with great personnel in the cafeteria.
Rating: 5
Text: It's rare that we are wowed at nearly every aspect of a hotel, especially one like the residence Inn. They are certainly nice, but not often do they exceed our expectations in numerous ways. Enter the residence Inn in Davenport Iowa!

It started with a check in where the gentleman saw that we had two small children and offered to upgrade us to a two room suite from the standard one room. It made for a completely different experience having the kiddos in a separate room!

The rooms themselves were spacious, the beds comfortable and the living area and kitchenette perfect for the four of us. 

The workout facilities were small, but more than adequate. They included a couple elliptical machines, a treadmill and a bike. All of the machines had personal TVs which made it nice for multiple people to be able to work out at the same time. The pool was spacious, had a nice hot tub and had plenty of seating for those who just want to let the kids burn off some energy!

Outside was a lovely area for sitting, a couple nice grills and some great outdoor eating space. Very nice option for those who want to cook for themselves while on the road.

The complementary breakfast was perfect, with waffles, yogurt, juice, cereal and fruit. In addition, they had a delightful happy hour type gathering in the common area each evening. There was complementary beer, wine and soda as well as some snacks. It made the place in even more homey!

The price was very fair and there is easy access to Davenport, my grandparents house, and The freeway. All in all, this was as good of a hotel as we've been to, and while it's not the fanciest it certainly was one of the most inviting.
Rating: 5
Text: Quiet rooms, large spacious rooms. Some updates could be done but I wouldn't rate it as important (i.e. bathroom cabinets are outdated.) The staff was great, breakfast was good, and the mixers at night were fun with free booze. I'll definitely stay again next time I'm in town
