Residence Inn by Marriott Cedar Rapids
Rating: 3
Text: Room was decent, thought the price was hiked over $100 extra a night and the pull out couch was terrible. Breakfast was a standard continental breakfast with some hot food and pastries.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice and friendly hotel. Very clean and spacious. Breakfast was great, too! Everyone was very polite and helpful. If there was one minor nitpick, it was the temperature of the pool. It quite literally took your breath away it was so cold. It was definitely one of the coldest pools I have ever been in. Granted, there is also a nice hot tub adjacent to it. Overall, 4 out of 5 stars!
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give this a negative star rating, I would.  I checked into the hotel property shorty after 4 pm.  I went back to my car at 8 pm to notice that it had been hit by another car.  My driver's side front and back door had huge dents and scratches along it.  I brought this to the attention of the front desk.  One associate said that they had cameras but she doesn't know how to look at them to look back at them.  Another said that she'd show them how.  Then the general manager said that they aren't responsible for anything that happens in their parking lot.  There are no signs in the parking lot or outside the property that say this, I did record it.    I called the police and filed a police report.  Then, I after, I asked for a copy of the Marriott report, so there would be record from the hotel that my car was damaged on their property.  The front desk associate used profanity, telling me that "your car was damaged, but you're ok..get the F over it."  On a side note, while the police was at the property making the claim, the desk associate told the police officer not to ticket anyone parked in handicap because the parking lot was full, and the employees were parking there....IN THE HANDICAPPED PARKING SPACES.  They don't have enough parking for their property.  Then, the hotel was flooding, and they were sending guests to other properties.  The hotel was an absolute hot mess.  Then, after I got to my room and called customer care and was given a different story from them.  I was asked to leave the hotel property for making guests "feel uncomfortable" because I called the police and guests didn't feel safe.  I stayed at this hotel property for a little over 4 hours, my car has over $2,000 worth of damage and I had to pay 15,000 Marriott Rewards Points for this stay.  This hotel is atrocious.  Do not stay here.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed with two young children. Set up was great and we were all able to sleep! Staff was nice and helpful. Breakfast was good. Wish the rooms were a little cleaner. Definitely would stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice room decor, thermostat controlled hearing and cooling in the room, daily breakfast and three nightly social hours a week with snacks and drinks.
