Residence Inn by Marriott Columbus
Rating: 3
Text: Would have given this place 5 stars but for a few things that should be addressed.  They have taken energy conservation to a whole new level....a low one! The "light" in the bathroom is so dim it's like showering with a nightlight. All the lighting is on the dimmer side and the only time it truly felt bright enough was during daylight hours with the curtains opened. The sofa sleeper (we didn't use it, but basing review on using it as a sofa only) was worn, lumpy and pretty grungy around the edges. It was a pet friendly room, even though we left ours in a kennel, that showed signs that previous pups had had accidents.  The ice maker rocked in the fridge so that was a big plus for us. Free breakfast pretty typical of complimentary buffets but did offer a nice variety of fruit and yogurt. Wish there was a better selection for gluten free as you can't always trust sausage or oatmeal. We'd stay again.....but bring a lantern so we could see when we showered!
Rating: 5
Text: Not ever have I walked into a room and said "OMG". This hotel did exactly that. I have never stayed in a residence Inn before, normally the courtyards. But everything was "PERFECT" (if there is such a thing). From the FREE popcorn in my room, to local grocery delivery, linens, shower, jacuzzi, pool, free hot breakfast,  internet speed and more. The lists of positives just goes on and on! I stayed here 3 nights, even over a FRI SAT and it was still quiet. (Local Little league checked in by the dozens). Lastly, I would just like to thank "Bruce" for the excellent Wednesday Night Managers Special. Not only was the letter from him on target, but the food he served that night was very nice. This hotel has made me consider moving hotel chains now. I Can Not give this 2 year old hotel enough praise! I will stay again!
Rating: 5
Text: Room was perfect, clean and up to date. Pool and whirlpool nice and clean. And the gym was also up to date. No complaints on our stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful staff and very clean facilities/rooms.  Highly recommended.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel and nice staff. My only gripe was that the room I booked that had a fireplace , the fireplace did not work. The gas probably wasn't on
