Residence Inn by Marriott St. Louis Downtown
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here for a conference a couple weeks ago. Spacious rooms, super friendly staff. Loved the dinner/socials the hotel hosted. The shuttle service was fantastic. Ms. Jackie and Mr. Spencer were friendly and made us feel comfortable. Thank you both for all the rides around your beautiful city!!
Rating: 3
Text: We stayed 2 nights in a studio room. There are many nice features, such as the full kitchen and the spacious living area. Also, the breakfast, which is included, is great and the shuttle service is super convenient (except when a shuttle broke down Saturday night, causing long wait times). The reason I only gave it 4 stars are the very thin windows in the rooms. We were on the 7th floor and could hear every car that drove past the hotel. Overall, nice hotel and good stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice hotel with a convenient location. The staff was exceptionally friendly, always asking how we are doing every day. Rooms were clean every time we came back to rest. Breakfast was tasty, however it was always packed with people. All in all a very pleasant experience.
Rating: 4
Text: The staff was very friendly and helpful. There were problems from the get go  that required a change of rooms, changed rooms and there were issues there. The staff and management were quick and responsive. My major issue was with housekeeping that left a lot to be desired. Dirty dishes and pots and pans,  inside of commode not cleaned. Would I return, yes; would I recommend, yes. I would have given five stars, even with the flooding and non-working tv's , those were workable, even the lackluster breakfast buffet, (could have alternated the bananas with apples and oranges), but the housekeeping is a must! Good housekeeping. 
The 2 bedroom suites were spacious for a hotel room. The prices in the little 'store'  outrageous,  parking fees were lower than the other downtown hotels, with the exception of one that does not charge for parking.
Rating: 3
Text: Says Downtown but isn't actually in the downtown area. We couldn't walk anywhere. They do offer a free shuttle to anywhere within 3 miles from the hotel. Rooms were standard for Residence. Just don't look in the bathroom vent...it was pretty nasty.
