Residence Inn by Marriott Louisville Northeast
Rating: 3
Text: Everything is great, except the beds. We have two rooms with a total of 5 people. We used the room beds as well as the sleeper beds in the sofas. You don't expect much from a sofa sleeper, but the regular beds were also pretty uncomfortable. There is also a significant amount of noise from the air system. In our suite, it is located in a small closet at the foot of the bed. The small kitchenette was great. It has two glass top burners for cooking, a refrigerator, sink, microwave, and dishwasher. It even came with a convenient set of pots and pans, and a dinnerware set. The pool is small, but pleasant. The hot tub most certainly lived up to its name! We are located dead center of a major shopping hub. Several stores, restaurants, and a movie theater, should the mood hit you.
Rating: 4
Text: Great hotel, one of our go to chains with or infant son. We can put him in his pack in play in the other room of the suite without waking us up with his small noises. Would have been a five star review but the room we stayed in was above a courtyard and basketball court that was in use until 130 am. Woke us up multiple times throughout the night.
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel: rooms clean & quiet, staff is great, convenient location (about 5 restaurants within walking distance). Highly recommended.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice hotel and many restaurants and shops within walking distance.  Free food every night and complimentary beer too.  Rooms have an oven, fridge, and pots and pans too.  I will stay here again if ever in Louisville again.  The only reason it gets 4 stars is because they allow dogs in some rooms and it can get annoying if the dog is barking.
Rating: 5
Text: The room was beautiful. Loved the color schemes and everything that they provided such as a microwave, pots and pans, and dishes. Was a great overnight stay with me issues at all. One of my all time favorite hotels I have ever stayed in. The breakfast in the morning was great also. Such a variety of foods to get us energized for our day ahead. Staff was great. Wonderful place to stay.
