Residence Inn by Marriott Chicago Schaumburg/Woodfield Mall
Rating: 4
Text: The women behind the front desk are very friendly and welcoming.  Great managers night with wine,  beer and food with a different theme each night (M-W). Pet friendly.  Nice fitness room.  Clean rooms,  great maid service.  Not 5 stars because the hallways can get pretty smelly with ethnic foods being cooked in the rooms. I understand the hotel has no control over this but should be noted that some rooms might be smelly although ours smelled wonderfully clean. 
Rating: 4
Text: Bed was soft but the pillows would start off firm and then turn to mush. Water pressure in the shower was nice. Kitchen area is nice. Adequate cookware to make a meal.. Internet was spotty and husband needed it to work from hotel even though he paid extra for the faster internet.
Rating: 4
Text: Great two-bedroom suites; very accommodating staff and management. Parking was a little scarce for our visit due to a large number of State Farm adjusters staying. Breakfast had good selection of hot and cold items. Would book again.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice location. Nice employees. All around 5 stars.
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel hosts a large number of trainees for a nearby insurance company. My experience at this hotel was largely negative due to the raucous nature of these trainees and the hotel's unwillingness to deal with them. The free alcohol three times a week is a huge mistake. Numerous times I am woken up when a group of them get to their rooms and continue the party (on week nights). Calling the front desk is useless, they don't do anything.

The breakfasts are pretty good. Other hotel facilities are decent.

My room is pretty beat up. The vanities are old and worn. The room is a mashup of old and new it seems. The bathroom is decent. The kitchen was probably the best part. 

Not being able to sleep the whole night on a weeknight is ludicrous in my opinion and frankly I have never experienced such apathy from hotel staff, at least not in a Marriott brand like Residence. I come to the Chicago area regularly and will not be staying here again. 
