Residence Inn by Marriott Columbus Worthington
Rating: 1
Text: The staff is amazing and the hotel is very clean for the most part but the train noise at night is nearly constant. There have been 3 in the span of 10 minutes and their whistles, spokes and differing box car sounds is clearly audible throughout the duration of the train passing. Trains seem to be taking about 1-3 minutes on average to pass and frankly the fact that we checked in at around 10pm last night and it's only 6 now should give you some idea of how audible and frequently they occur. Also, I like to sleep with headphones in to listen to ASMR at night and the trains were audible over that. Would not recommend.
Rating: 3
Text: Hotel staff was great, but the hotel itself is a little run down. Everything is a little beat up, lights not working, mildew on the shower curtains, cabinets have seen better days. Other than needing a remodel, the rooms were clean and the breakfast was good. I would stay here again, but only if any of the other Residents Inns in town weren't available.
Rating: 5
Text: Touring musician Blair Crimmons recently stayed here using our service while performing in Columbus, and had a great stay! The room was incredible, very modern, clean and quiet. There's a free breakfast in the morning, a fitness center, laundry room, and a 24/7 convenience store for the late night post-gig munchies.
Rating: 5
Text: WOW! This hotel is awesome. When you walk in, they have probably the coolest and most modern lobby, breakfast area I've probably ever seen. Very modern, like I was hanging out in a sleek cafe. I loved the pool and the firepit area,it was great to relax in. Also, the location this hotel is top notch. The rooms are really roomy, honestly nicer than my apartment. I wish I could of stayed for longer. Since it's a residence inn you can either going out into the lively downtown atmosphere of Columbus or just stay in and cook dinner, because you have all the dishes and amenities to do either. Next time I'm in the area, this will definitely be the place I stay.
Rating: 5
Text: We are touring musicians and have been living in hotel rooms for the past two months and this is - hands down - my absolute favorite hotel to stay at. Not only because of the perfect layout of the (very clean & comfy) rooms for people who are constant travelers (full kitchen, separate bedroom, dining table, stove, pots & pans) but because the extraordinarily friendly and welcoming staff who make you feel like a guest in their home, so much so that I felt sad leaving them. Tina at the front desk is amazing, she became best friends with our baby daughter and so did Sharmin from the kitchen who we loved talking with, Rob & Steve are great managers, so friendly helpful & entertaining, Kurt, Haley & Allison were all super sweet. On Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday there are complimentary appetizers and drinks and if the staff are not chatting and interacting with us, they are chatting and interacting with other guests. We love the fitness center. It has a nice array of equipment to use and is always very clean and well kept. This is truly a soulful hotel. Can't wait to be back!
