Residence Inn by Marriott Columbus Downtown
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed at this residence in for five nights while in town for work training. The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms clean and comfortable, breakfast was delicious. I always had what I needed and the staff was able to graciously assist me in finding any locations I needed. The hotel bar/restaurant also has a friendly staff and delicious food as well!!

My only complaint is that the valet parking staff "lost my keys" three out of the five times I used the service. It took an excessive amount of time to get my car each day because the staff had to look all over for my keys and run back and forth to their parking area multiple times. While the valet staff was always friendly and courteous, they seemed very unorganized and/or overwhelmed. If you choose this hotel I would recommend researching other parking options.
Rating: 3
Text: Great hotel.   Nice room.... interesting local restaurants across the street.   Pretty sure they control the individual room a/c at the front desk...or corporate office though.   It's definitely not the 66 deg I'm expecting.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is very clean and comfortable. The rooms immaculate. On my last two stays they either couldn't accommodate my reservation as confirmed or gave away my reserved room(s). They did give me two adjoining single rooms to make up for it. On my last stay there they didn't inform me that my car had been broken into. I found out on my own when the change in my ash tray was completely empty. Since it was valet parked I should have been notified immediately. They were kind enough to refund my parking and extend reward points to my Marriott account.

We were also disappointed with breakfast. There was no sausage gravy and biscuits for Sunday breakfast. I ended up making breakfast in my room. 

Despite the problems I experienced it's a lovely historic landmark and I would stay there again, although I think I'll park my car myself next time. ?
Rating: 5
Text: One of the best hotel in town. The area was very big and thy maintain the  cleanliness.. The management are very honest and friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful hotel, beautiful rooms, great area. Lotta homeless asking for money out front, otherwise amazing. Orange juice is pretty good
