Residence Inn by Marriott Des Moines West at Jordan Creek Town Center
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed there for almost a week as the house went through some renovation efforts. We really liked it... staff was extremely friendly! The evening snacks were a great thing especially when coming back from work. The only recommendation there would to provide more choices for vegetarians. 

Our two bedroom suite was cosy and comfortable. Beds do get a little tight in space for two people, but very manageable. Overall, it was a very pleasant stay and we saw no major concerns.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice area in West Des Moines. We loved our suite, fireplace added a special touch. The desk staff was very helpful checking us in and out they also recommended a pizza place, which turned out to be excellent. Breakfast was delicious and plentiful. The pool and hottub although a little small was nice and kept at a decent temperature. Our rooms were clean and comfortable. Will stay here again in the future!!!
Rating: 2
Text: We are a rewards member and stay at Residence Inns often.
We walked in and the room was musty and "old" smelling. Thought the a/c would help--it didn't and it never went away. It was awful.
Sofa bed was literally as hard as a board. We only sat on it--did not use it for sleeping.
The bed was "short-sheeted". I'm only 5'3" and the bedding came up to my armpits. Horrible way to sleep.
I always carry my own pillow when we drive, so I had mine, but the pillows were awful. Hard and lumpy.
Going forward... not sure if this is just an older Residence Inn or the downward fail of this "brand".  We have always been happy with this chain of hotel which is why we patronize it. I don't want to be disappointed, but wonder if this is the future.  We did not complain because quite honestly, there was nothing anyone could have done for any of these issues. In the future, when in Des Moines, we will avoid this particular hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay. Nice spacious room and good service. Love the extras like the fire ring and basketball court.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome hotel. Huge rooms, great staff, good breakfast. We were here during the week and had free snacks and beer/wine in the evening. 
