Residence Inn by Marriott Indianapolis Airport
Rating: 4
Text: So far the experience has been average. We requested a pack n play for our 1 year old when we reserved the room, but had to go down to the front desk after we checked in to get one. Then when setting it up I noticed it was broken beyond use so I had to go back down and get a different one. The shower drained EXTREMELY slow. After a 5 minute shower the water was up to my ankles and took another 10 minutes to drain once I was done. The description also said there was a microwave in the room, but there wasn't in the room, even though there was a complimentary bag of microwave popcorn left for us on the table. I did ask about it at the front desk and they brought one to the room. The front desk workers have been very nice and very helpful. The complimentary breakfast was better than at other hotels I've stayed. Overall, I'm happy with my stay thus far and would happily stay here again
Rating: 3
Text: Staff at the front desk is extremely service oriented and are willing to work hard to make your stay enjoyable. Unfortunately, we experienced several problems that slipped through. Examples: Annoying/buzzing frig that did not get fixed for our second night; Only one luggage cart that could not be found when you needed it; Cold sausage gravy at breakfast.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff and the efficiency of this hotel are excellent.  The rooms are a touch run down and could use a bit of a refresh.  Not as close to the airport as expected.  Give yourself about 10 to 15 minutes.
Rating: 1
Text: Was told Sunday that I would be upgraded to a two bedroom if I wait 1 hour to check in. I wait one hour, then I am told that I can't be upgraded until Thursday. Fine, I go to my room and it is a handicapped room. Which I guess means no oven to bake things in. Which is inconvenient because me and friends are here for a week and brought frozen pizzas. 

The first problem is that the A/C was broken the first two nights before it could be fixed. Leaving it a warm 78 degrees sleep in. But they come up with a quick fix and tell us not to keep it too cool. Then Wednesday comes around and I verify that we are still scheduled to get upgraded. They verified i was still going to get upgraded. i leave gencon a little early Thursday to switch rooms and they tell me yet again they can't upgrade me. Then I get back to my room and the toilet is broken and won't fill up with water. They tell me no one from maintenance is here to fix it. 

This hotel is old. The breakfast is mediocre at best. The staff is for the most part nice, but seemingly incompetent. Recommend against staying here if you have options, especially for long stays.
Rating: 5
Text: Everyone here was super nice.  My room was always clean and smelled great. I want to give a special thanks to Mathew Roman for helping me when a storm knocked out my TV service. He toom care of it immediately. Best service I've received at a hotel and I travel all the time for work. Thanks staff for making my stay perfect from giving lunch/dinner recommendations, clean rooms, friendly smiles every morning, and for Mathew taking care of my TV situation. This may not seem important to some but for me it's important because I'm terrified of storms so if I have noise I can sleep but if not it means a lot of pacing, no sleep, and still must work the next day. Thanks everyone!
