Residence Inn by Marriott Dayton North
Rating: 3
Text: I needed to stay here for 2 reasons. First was for the shuttle to and from the airport. Second was the for the room. Grading based off of this criteria, I came up with a 3. (-2 for the shuttle and 8 for the room). The room was the best room I've ever stayed at out of any hotel. Full kitchen, dishwasher, big shower, living room, big closet, etc... it was like a small apartment. Could easily have lived there. Phenomenal area as well. On the other hand.... the operator put me on hold for 20 min while trying to request the hotel shuttle. Once I finally got through, it somehow took the shuttle 40minutes to make it to the airport. Being that it's a 10minutes drive, I'm very curious how that was even possible. Secondly, we made arrangements to get to the airport in the morning for work, and the ride ended up being 30min late. Although the staff was extremely friendly, it's all about efficiency in the end. Averaging the amazing room/ staff (8/5) and the (-2/5 for getting to my job), a 3 seems fair for this stay. -- Would definitely come again over any hotel in the are.--
Rating: 5
Text: Clean spacious comfortable rooms with a full kitchen. Reasonable prices. Good hot breakfast with many choices. Good friendly staff. Two bedroom suites are great for families! Platinum members can often upgrade to 2 bedroom suites for free.
Rating: 1
Text: The absolute worst experience you can possibly imagine. My wife stayed there and her room was broken into by Hotel employees. This character stole personal items including a Bose speaker. The general manager then promises to reimburse my wife and give her 100000 points. He tried to renege on that promise of 10000 points and never gave her a reimbursement check for her missing items, my wife then contacted corporate, they promised to look into the situation and email her back that never happened. this was a most horrific experience I wouldn't advise anyone to stay at this hotel unless you have a guard dog in your room, when you leave. Along with being a liar the general manager was unsympathetic and Unapologetic for his thieving staff.
Rating: 5
Text: This is an ultra modern place with a great breakfast buffet and friendly personal. They even have cucumber or lemon water at the front desk. Rooms are very comfortable!
Rating: 2
Text: My family really felt out of place here.. probably us.  It seemed to be a party location for a certain ethnicity.  We had a suite, the first one smelled of mildew and smoke.  The second one was fine.  The room was clean but there was music and noise for what seemed to be the entire night.  It was as if there were a block party here and we didn't get the invite.  One example, after I went down the second time because of the room, a man was there trying to pay in cash and asking someone if he could borrow their card because he couldn't get one.  The pool and barbecue area seemed to be full of thugs.  I should have gone somewhere else.  We didn't have any problems with the clientele but felt uneasy.
