Residence Inn by Marriott Charleston
Rating: 5
Text: We enjoy this place every time we stay.   Breakfast is wonderful.  Rooms are really clean and comfortable. Staff is really friendly.  The only complaint is not enough tv channels and too many ESPN channels.  Not a sports fan.  But there enough to keep you entertained
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was very nice and clean. The rooms were spacious and clean. We were missing a few items but the staff was very helpful and responded quickly. The only negative thing was the view out the window faced the inside and all we could see was a high voltage transformer. The pool was clean. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could I would put less than one star. They say they are pet friendly, but they are not. A tree fell on our and my and my family and dog and her puppies had to stay here. My mom and I cleaned the room and shampooed the floors daily because of the pets ,but even that was not good enough for them at this hotel. From day one we we were harassed about our dogs even though we paid there free and cleaned the room daily. We were treated like trash and said we could stay here but dogs could not because of smell even though we cleaned daily. The lady next to us had a dog to ,but no it must have been us. We have not bothered them or anything and cleaned daily just to be told our dog stunk and rudely in front of staff and other people. My mom was crying because of the emotional stress put on her about our dog and her babies daily. I will never stay here again once I leave and I will never recommend it to even my worse enemy.
Rating: 4
Text: I am very picky about staying in nice and clean places. We stopped here on our way home from vacation. This establishment was clean, comfortable, and had adequate breakfast. It was right off the highway so we did not have to stay somewhere downtown. The tub was a little worn and made some leaky sounds-- its appearance warranted the four stars. (I would give it a 4.5 if I could). The bathroom still appeared clean. I would stay here again if traveling. It was a nice establishment, and I felt comfortable. 
Rating: 4
Text: I've stayed at various Residence Inn hotels. It's one of my favorite chains as a matter if fact. The staff is always friendly and welcoming, very helpful. The amenities are great, though they can vary by location. The breakfasts are always top notch, and they have variety. This one is located up on a mountain. The view is good, but not breathtaking exactly. The road it's on isn't marked as well as it could be, so have a sharp eye when you're coming in the dark. The pool is outdoors here, so mind the weather when you plan your stay. The last thing, really, is that the walls and ceilings seem to be a little thin, so if you are going for just rest, keep in mind that you may hear a little more than average noise from other rooms. This was consistent throughout the whole hotel. I don't have many issues, but I still recommend this as a place to go for a decent longer term, or short term place to stay.
