Residence Inn by Marriott Indianapolis Downtown on the Canal
Rating: 5
Text: I absolutely enjoyed my lodging at the Residence inn located in downtown Indianapolis. The reason being is because of the location and admins. They are located right off the Canal with a beautiful view, there are also many shops and restaurants nearby within walking distance. The service is also impeccable. The staff is great and the breakfast menu is absolutely tasteful. Thank you all for having me!
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed for 1 night while waiting for my son to go into surgery. The room was clean and didn't have any noticeable issues. It had a free coffee and tea area and hot chocolate too. Parking and room access was easy to navigate. I would stay here again.
Rating: 2
Text: After checking in, we were notified that the pool was being serviced and currently closed. We were told that we could go next door to the Courtyard Marriott. So we went up to our rooms and got changed. We then called the courtyard to find out how late the pool was open. We were notified that the pool was being serviced and it was closed.  We had very disappointed kids. Arrived to the room and started unpacking. Our children found a daily pill planner in one of the drawers with medications in the Box. Then we started taking the sofa apart for our children and found dog hairs all over the sofa. We pulled the bedding down and had four pillowcases but no fitted sheet, only one extra pillow. I called to request more towels, a fitted sheet, and several pillows. A gentleman arrived to the room with towels and washcloths but no fitted sheet or pillows. He told us the hotel was completely out of pillows. We asked gentlemen if the hotel was at Max occupancy. He said no so we asked him to get pillows from another room. The gentleman came back with four more pillow cases no fitted sheet and three pillows which one of them was ripped open and it looked like somebody had stuff it full of cheap animal stuffing. Terrible service!
Rating: 5
Text: My stay at Residence Inn went really great. My boy friend and myself only stayed one night, however it was fairly clean with the exception of a few carpet stains. The staff was absolutely wonderful and extremely friendly and helpful with directions in the city. My favorite part about our stay was being right on the canal and having an amazing view right outside the window! I definitely recommend this hotel as it's clean, affordable and has a great staff.
Rating: 5
Text: I have stayed in this hotel for long stays, it was during 2011 to 2013 .. multiple long stays . Why am I writing the review so late, yeah .. I missing the place and wonderful staff. it is a such wonderful support team they have. They make sure that their guest is pampered. Any issues / queries you take it to them , it is immediately addressed. 
Ho yeah and about the location , wonderfully placed by the canal ..
And Yeah Cherry and the team .. are really great..
