Retro Suites Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: This is the most unique hotle I have ever stayed in. We were in "The Study". It was a very nice room with quite the eclectic variety of books on the shelves. The room came fully equipped with Cutlery, glasses and plates for 2. What was really nice was there were real glass wine glasses. (No drinking out of plastic cups when on a romantic get away). Huge bonus was the bottle open / cork screw!! I would definitely recommend this place!!!
Rating: 2
Text: Overall a nice hotel, however when it came to the accommodations my experience was not fantastic. Given that I had travelled quite the distance from out of town for a wedding, I was relying heavily on the hotel to relax and get ready for the festivities. Upon arrival my original room that was booked was not the room I received, however I didn’t bother to complain as I was already tired from the drive and arrived late to the hotel. The following day the electricity in the hotel wasn’t working properly due to their transformer blowing, taking about 3-4 hours before the electricity was up and running. Unfortunately this timing was directly before getting ready for the wedding not having any other options of where to get ready, no a/c, no lights, no tv, no use of coffee machines, showering in the dark, no phone etc.  When I asked the desk how they were dealing with the issue they offered me a cold bottle of water and told me that there was not a lot they could do and they weren’t offering any refunds of any type for accommodations. I left the issue to attend the wedding, returning from the wedding to a very hot room since the power had turned off the a/c. When checking out I explained the issue I had with the service, I was offered a small discount of only 25$ off of my bill after staying for two nights. 

Given that the business of hotels is to provide accommodations, amenities and to make you feel comfortable away from home, this was not the experience I had, leaving me stressed out and paying for services that I did not have an opportunity to use. It would have been easier to stay at home, save my money and suffer through an exhausting drive then have to worry about something like that so far away from home.
Rating: 4
Text: Amazing place. Great rooms definitely worth checking out
Rating: 5
Text: First time there this evening , the staff were awesome, food was fantastic and the atmosphere was unbelievable. Looking forward to our next visit.
Rating: 5
Text: Was at Retro Suites for a wedding and brunch.  Beautiful facilities, every nook and cranny on the main floor was spotless.  The food was delicious.  Retro Suites takes pride in the smallest of details. 
