Rising Star Casino Resort - Rising Sun
Rating: 1
Text: Rising Star Casino Resort stay on 10-14-17
My husband and I received a certificate for Rising Star Casino as a wedding/anniversary present from my mother. The certificate included a round of golf for 2 at The Links, a hotel room for the night, the dinner buffet and the brunch buffet the following day. My husband called 2 weeks in advance and spoke to someone in the hotel to make our reservations and we were told at that time our credit card would need to be kept on file but nothing would be charged to it. My husband and I arrived at the golf course that afternoon and after our game we went to check into our hotel room. We approached the front desk to check in and were assisted by a very unfriendly unsmiling employee. My husband gave his name and told the lady we had a reservation to which she then asked for a $50 deposit. My husband and I were both surprised by this but never the less I handed the lady my credit card without hesitation. She looked at my card and immediately asked for ID. That was no problem I handed her my ID stating as I did so, that my husband and I had just got married. She then tossed her hands up stating that they have a lot of credit card thieves and my credit card and driver’s license were not good enough to prove my identity. So I then presented a signed and sealed State of Ohio marriage certificate to the already aggravated employee. She glanced at the certificate for less than a second and stated “that doesn’t prove anything” this credit card could still be stolen. This is when my patients wore off and I asked to speak to a manager. The employee went to the back and returned with no manager and told us she needed 3 forms of ID to prove the last name. This information was already laid on the counter since I had to empty my wallet basically and find all of my cards with my maiden name. I tried to show her on the marriage certificate where my maiden name was, to which she stated and I quote “I am tired of dealing with you and I just want to check you in, you are making me break the rules.” I have never been talked to that way ever by an employee in that casino or treated with such disrespect. I would be more understanding if I lacked the proper information to prove my identity, but I had everything and because of that employees incompetence it nearly ruined my trip because I was ready to leave right then and there. Any newly married women would have their marriage certificate within a few weeks of getting married; that paper is needed to take to any bank to get issued new credit cards and receiving new cards can take 7-10 business days depending on the bank. This is why the federal social security administration asks you carry your marriage certificate in case your ID and credit card names do not match. I did everything and had everything I was suppose to and was treated so rudely and unfairly by that employee. So not only was I held up at the desk to check in, I was insulted, talked down to, had my right to see a manager refused, overcharged (according to the original information we were given) and given an overall horrific impression of the casino hotel and its staff. I sincerely hope someone addresses this issue and this employee. If nothing else give the employees a basic common sense idea into identity theft and basic entry level proper customer service. I am in no means looking for anything from the hotel for this incident, because I highly doubt I will ever return for any reason but someone should be aware of the way front desk employees are talking to guest and the way guests are being treated when they have nothing  but all the proper information and the employee lacks the competence.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is a perfect escape from a busy life, located in a serene, beautiful village and it's peaceful too. Hospitality and service is awesome. They have a friendly and nice staff in the restaurant too. The river view buffet, they have is worth the price you pay. Awesome food, friendly staff; would say a most welcoming place to everyone.
Rating: 5
Text: For where it is and how old it is, in my opinion they aced the upgrade. Machines are nicely spaced, a good variety of penny machines and plenty of them, also a good assortment of the higher denominations.  Buffet is decent, service friendly and courteous...slots are semi-loose and that is okay by me !  Had a great time
Rating: 4
Text: My first trip to this casino was very nice and interesting. They have a rewards program there called Rising Star Rewards. It's pretty standard to that of most reward programs of casinos in the area in that it is points/tier based. The atmosphere walking into the casino was very spectacular. It's set up kind of like a little town inside with all kinds of shops/venues lined throughout the main room inside just before walking into the casino portion of this establishment. It looked and made me feel like I was walking through Disney Land as the set-up is kind of similar to that of there's. Inside of the casino there are four floors with games on them. The first is the only non-smoking floor and the fourth is mostly office space. The third floor has all the table games on it. I really liked the $2 a hand video blackjack game that they had. I didn't do so well on my first visit as far as luck goes..I had a few hits for $10-$20 while I was betting the minimum bet on the slot machines, but nothing too big. I spent about $150 here over the course of 4.5 hours. I only played slots this time around. I noticed that the casino wasn't nearly as crowded as I'm used to a casino being on a Sunday though..probably because Belterra is also located in the same region (about a 20 minute drive away). All and all, I'll definitely be back to give my luck a second shot here. Perhaps next time I'll go a bit earlier so that I can try out their buffet. -James
Rating: 5
Text: Me and my family went to see the reindeer and get some food we got donuts at the their Christmas stand attended by julina baker. She was nice and associated well with my kids and family she made sure we were taking care of. 5 stars to her
