River Bend Campground
Rating: 3
Text:  Not a bad little campground. Owners are trying to fix it up. They charge  $10 per car to fish,  however we went later in the day and dropped to price to $5. RV $30 and tent $20 per night. Lots of wildlife on the river i.e ducks,  cranes, harions, turtles, geese, and fish. Was able to catch a few carps around 16 inches long, and lots of sunfish. Camping spots are small and kind of open but being on the river made it better
Rating: 5
Text: People are great. Nice quiet place to relax, but people can get alittle roudie on a Saturday night. Good American hospitality. Had a great time, good fishing too.
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointed with the campground management. Very unfriendly & unwelcoming. Poor bathhouses. Won't stay there again. 
Rating: 2
Text: Okay, this is not the campground to take your kids to for a luxurious week of camping. It is lacking in many areas. The restrooms are not great, showers are no better. The grounds are in need of some TLC. Having said that, can you set up camp, enjoy the river and full hook up? Yes.

Staff was friendly and accommodating. It's just more of a roughing it  type of camp ground. GLAMPERS, steer clear, you will be dissatisfied. Me, my wife and 2 toddlers had a good time and lived to tell the tale. With some love and attention this place could be a gem.
Rating: 1
Text: I would avoid this place at all cost. We were early campers in the season and we're told by the owner that the showers wouldn't be open until the weekend. However,  when we arrived all of the water was off in the bathrooms,  and when they were turned on there was raw sewage leaking on the floor from the toilets. The power went out the first night from a bad connection.  Also there was flood debris laying all around and it poked my toddler in the face in her stroller when we tried to go for a walk.  My husband asked for a refund and the owner readily agreed, but he avoided us for a month,  finally writing us a bad check for only part of the amount, which bounced, leaving us in trouble with our bank.  
