Riverboat Inn
Rating: 5
Text: The owner is hands on,really works make your stay comfortable. The beds are so comfortable,the decor is old style inn but comfortable. .The view is magnificent. They have old fashioned log like on a steamboat to rate your stay. Great continental breakfast but also breakfast sandwiches you could microwave. Bar in-house.
Rating: 4
Text: I just adore this little place! I stayed in the Paddlewheel Annex although there were rooms available in the main building, on the second night of my stay, I decided to remain in my Annex room. I just loved the view and the coziness of the room.

Yes, it is not like a chain hotel as you'll need to request things like a blow dryer and ice to be brought from from the main building but the staff are more than willing to accommodate.

It's not perfect, (a little mildew in the tub grout and housekeeping is a little lax) but the bed was very comfortable and the Linens were nice.

The room had a microwave, good fridge and coffee maker and the air conditioner kept the room nice and cool. 

I loved sitting out on the long covered porch with a glass of wine to look at the beautiful view in the mornings and evenings. Very relaxed and peaceful.

So, if you're not a high-maintenance type of guest, you will appreciate  the hotel's charm and warmth. I will definitely be back on my next visit to Madison!
Rating: 3
Text: This is an old place, quite dated. It has a very small but well kept outdoor pool, very quiet. The rooms by the pool are very small. If you want fancy, this isn't it. Great for a peaceful overnight stay right next to key West shrimp house, good place to eat. Has a nice view of the river and a good little bar in the lobby. I wouldn't recommend it if you plan to spend anytime in your room.
Rating: 5
Text: I loved it!  It is a cute, clean Inn near the river! So if you love a river or being close to the river, you will pick this place! The staff is nice and very helpful!
Rating: 5
Text: Great weekend getaway location. Riverboat Inn was an old hotel with small rooms but clean and had everything we needed. Small fridge and microwave in room. Coffee maker. Great river views. Pleasant friendly staff. Great little pool. Within walking/ biking distance of Riverview and main st. Where there was eateries pubs shopping. Cool area.
