Rivers Edge Inn Resort
Rating: 5
Text: Extremely nice owners. Convenient location in walking distance to gas station, grocery store, restaurants, ice cream shop, and it is right on the river. The rooms are really nice and it's such a neat place. I will be back for sure!
Rating: 5
Text: Have stayed here many times through the years with my family as a little girl. The place is amazing - from the one-of-kind art and rustic decor to the hand made pathways lined with wagon wheels as rails. It was a place I told my husband about with memories of jumping off a nearby by cliff or hiking through breathtaking scenery as a kid. We finally went a few years ago and are hoping to go again this summer. The owners visited us to make sure we were happy with everything and gave us some great tips for the river. It was the same owners so many years later. Hope to visit soon! 
Rating: 3
Text: We had a large group of 8 people and stayed in the Down under suite.  It was plenty of room for all of us.  It was a little hard to walk to being that you had to walk down a long stretch of stones to get to it.  Everything was fine until a few of us got into the hot tub.  The owner immediately saw us on the camera and came to explain to us all the rules and tell us more rules that were not on the list.  This was really uncalled for since we were not breaking them in the first place.  If they are that particular about the hot tub then get rid of it.  For the price of the rooms a night they could afford to  drain the hot tub every couple days and refill it.  It really made us feel unwelcome and in the future I will find other options for lodging where the owners or management actually care about how they treat people.  
Rating: 5
Text: We rented Jacks Cabin.  It was nice and clean. The lady at the desk was super friendly.  Nice place to stay right on the river. We will definitely be back!
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed at the Inn. Very disappointed in the room. Smelled musty, no closet or dresser, bed had no headboard and was placed in front of large window with mini blinds. So there was no way you could prop pillows up and sit in bed to watch TV. No comfortable chairs to set in. Security of room is pretty sketchy. I would not recommend staying here unless you want to go really rustic. Oh, another thing. No phone or clock and one of the lamps was ready to fall apart. Also there is no one in the office after six in the evening.
