Riverchase
Rating: 1
Text: Never have a dealt with such rude management in my life and never have I ever had a landlord harass us so much. It’s like being in a jail while living here. There’s pest everywhere all the time, we have called to have them take care of it and they refused to help. We have put a work order in back in May and not once did they bother to come help fix the broken things the whole 6 months we lived there. They tried to evict us b cause of hear say instead of coming to do a walk through like they said they would do. They bitched because we had our grill and my 4yr old sons bike neatly against the shed to where you couldn’t see it. We took care of the things they put a notice on our door about and they still tried to evict us for that. They got mad because we with held our rent because they didn’t fix the things we asked for which by the state of Kansas in the legal tenant laws you are allowed to with hold your rent if there is a pest problem or etc. They have hung up on us multiple times, or got very disrespectful with us on the phone. We asked for corporates number and she said they didn’t have one and she was the manager. They took us to court for some bs and we fought and won but we made it clear that we are moving out because they aren’t pet friendly like they say, they are rude and disrespectful, and they don’t know how to be a management or take care of their property. Don’t make this your top place for living, don’t even bother moving in here. I wouldn’t even give it a full star.
Rating: 1
Text: I have never dealt with such rude, inconsiderate property managers until I moved here. They lie, hang up you, and have the most ridiculous rules. Management constantly harasses us. If i talked to my customers like these people i would be unemployed. Then if you need anything from them they are absolutely worthless. if you are thinking of moving here...DON' T....and run away as fast as you can.
Rating: 2
Text: Quaint but management isn't the greatest
Rating: 1
Text: Been here 2 years and never til now have I wanted to move. The front office is no longer polite nor accommodationing to the people paying to live here.
Rating: 3
Text: Not a bad place to live but ants are everywhere and the park doesn't do anything 
