Riviera Complex
Rating: 1
Text: My family and I have been going to The Rivera for years, and it's very disappointing how it's getting maintained. 
Ever since the new owners took over, it's been getting worse and worse, and it's extremely sad. Yes they made some improvements with new flooring but it's still a very sad place to stay at. 
The reasons why? We had weeds growing everywhere in front of our room, no coffee pot, never received fresh towels, no ice, the office is closed early, the beds are horrible, the toilet was broke, and the staff is rude. 

We stayed there for 3 nights recently, and there was nobody there. I remember in the past, the place was filled with people, and kids playing, now it's a ghost town. It honestly feels like the new owners wants the place to close down so they don't have to deal with it anymore. 
Until they can make tremendous improvements to their rooms and landscape, have staff there that are friendly and make you feel welcomed, we're not going back there again, which is very disheartening to say considering I been going to this resort since I was a little kid.
Rating: 5
Text: We love the Riviera and look forward to continued renovations and improvements. The complex has needed some love and is finally getting it. We would like to see new mattresses tho, the current ones are pretty rough.
Rating: 2
Text: I've been going there for 30+ years and well all good memories will be coming to an end. The new owners/caretakers are the rudest people you'll ever meet. That tops it aside from the grounds have more weeds than grass. The redone pool is the worst cement job ever seen. Someone had no idea what they were doing. Its a pool but please don't go with bare feet. I'm just going to stop right here even though there's a list. PLEASE get new people for the front desk and send these others back to their trailer park.  
Rating: 1
Text: My family and I have been staying here for over 30 years.  Unfortunately this place is going downhill.  They are currently remodeling.   Staff is friendly but not very helpful.  No toilet paper, no fresh towels, no pool, blinds are all broken, they didn't even tell us that they offer discounts tickets for the park (which cost 40 bucks now!) No utensils for grilling.  Very unpleasant experience.  Saddened to say we are no longer going to stay here. ?
Rating: 1
Text: This place was beyond terrible. Our room was not up to par,the towels we're stained...No soap...Very Bad choice... Lakefront view was nice
