Roberts RiverWalk Hotel and Residence Detroit
Rating: 1
Text: The experience was less than I expected. I? checked in and was presented with a first floor room without a river view - this despite my reservation for a river view room. My request was also for a higher floor. When I? presented proof of my registration designation, my room was changed. I? walked into my fourth floor room to find the beds unmade and the bathroom in cleaned. I? called the desk and was told to return to the lobby for a room change. I? was presented with another fourth floor room but  the keys did not function properly. Yes, back to the front desk where I? explained that I? did not put the keys next to my cell phone (I? actually know better). Finally a fourth floor room with a key that works and a river view. 

After sitting and trying to settle, I? turned on the TV. You guessed it, it didn’t turn on. The television apparently was unplugged which I? would not have discovered without moving a dresser. 

This was a surprise over night for our anniversary so I? was not as relaxed as I? would have liked by the time my husband made it to his surprise location.

The room was cozy, the view was lovely but I? was not pleased with the service and the nonchalant attitude.
Rating: 1
Text: The view is great and housekeeping is very friendly. But outside of one front desk rep (she had big, natural hair and was very nice), the front desk reps had AWFUL customer service. From the very first time we called to ask for anything, whoever answered the phone had a bad attitude. We asked for basic things (soap and shampoo). Then when we called about the water temperature, whoever answered the phone had a problem with that. There's no atmosphere that says "hotel", at all. Prices are good. Building is good. Front desk staff (except the one girl) needs a four-week customer service training class. Also, the Hotelier and a more experienced desk rep (although they were seemingly trying to help) were talking to the one nice desk rep about professionalism IN FRONT OF MY GIRLFRIEND while my girlfriend was sitting in the lobby! If you want to train employees, I get it. But scolding them in front of guests... Terrible.
Rating: 1
Text: My husband, son and 80 year d father in law stayed here and it was HORRIBLE. When they got there, the room was 84 degrees because the a.c. wasn't working in their room. The front desk said they called maintenance but no one ever came. They offered to change rooms but my husband checked the room and the a.c. was not working in there either. Needless to say because they were waiting for 'maintenance', they ordered a pizza and ate in the room. There was no coffee maker and later in the night there were solicitors hanging outside making all kinds of noise. I emailed the hotel TWICE! No one has contacted me. $200 dollars a night is outrageous to pay for this place. Do not stay here!!!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: I typically DON'T leave bad reviews, but this has to be known. 

Cons:
1. Room I was in had no working lock! I had to move all my belongs into my car before leaving my room every time. 
2. Maintenance and room service was non existent! (how is this a 4 star?). Asked for an extra blanket, nothing happened.  
3. Manager had a good attitude but none of the issues I had brought up were corrected, and I typically don't complain about things. 
4. Night staff were not understanding and not accommodating regarding my lock issue.  They said they will keep an eye on my room, as if they would be legally liable if my stuff was stolen...right....
5. Hotel was dirty, ice machine area had a lot of mold 

Pros: 
1. Free parking
2. Nice view of river if you care 

Just pray to god your room is fine and you don't require much service other than a bed to sleep on. 

Definitely not a 4 star and definitely not worth the price I paid. Better off doing AirBNB.
Rating: 5
Text: The hotel has an older feel. The front desk clerk was really accommodating since we arrived late and even though there were maintenance issues. The house keeping staff was really nice and went above and beyond to make sure that our stay was comfortable. The view out our room window was amazing and relaxing as you could see the river walk and past that you could see Canada.
