Robinwood Inn
Rating: 4
Text: This bed and breakfast is good and the owners are nice. We stayed in the tree top suite. The decor is interesting with tree branch arches as you go up the stairs. The furniture is a mix of mid century and newer. The coffee is good but only one day of coffee is supplied unless you ask for more. Which brings up an interesting point, this b&b is organized so you never have to see the owners if you don't want to. Checkin and checkout are both sans human interaction. This is great if you just want to get away for some seclusion. There are no signs as you approach it from the road, this is intentional to keep unannounced stop ins by non-guests to a minimum. They send detailed directions in an email if you are a guest. It's a very laid back and natural atmosphere with friendly animals wandering around outside. There is a nice fire pit outside in the common area. Breakfast is only provided on weekends. Conditioning Shampoo is provided but other bath soaps and lotions are not. The hot tub is private, clean, and we'll maintained. There is a small art studio and lots of interesting books available. It is located within 5 minutes of both downtown Nashville, IN and the north entrance of Brown County State Park.
Rating: 5
Text: Enjoyed our stay. Had some coffee pot problems but otherwise a nice getaway. Secluded and quiet.
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean, the owners are very friendly and down to earth. It was in the woods, so it was very peaceful. Everything was stocked according to what they said would be provided. Few light bulbs out, but with 2 people running 5 buildings on top of their own house, it's expected to miss something. Definitely not a make or break though. They provided homemade breakfast between 9 and 9:30, and it was amazing. Keys were left for us after checkout time, so we got to go in and relax right away. Already plan on staying again, but will try out a different room to experience more. Price is higher than you'd expect, but for what you get (your own building with separation and reserved parking) it's more than worth it. Definitely worth staying if you want a good experience. Also had TV and Wi-Fi!
Rating: 5
Text: Our stay is going great
Such a beautiful, serene setting.
Our breakfast just arrived at our door.
We feel like royality.

Thank u Lance and Tyra....And Romeo too!
Rating: 5
Text: My husband’s gift to me for Our  Anniversary! It was perfect!
