Rock Creek Marina & Campground
Rating: 5
Text: This is a county park run facility and it's very nice. I haven't personally camped here, so only can give 4 stars for camping based on my observation that the campsites are not  paved sites and the roads are gravel. Most of the campsites are well shaded and have easy access to the river sloughs fit fishing. There are small sleeping cabins available for rental, as is a dump site for RV sewage.

On numerous occasions I have kayaked here, visited the eco tourism building, and driven through the campground area.

It has a 5 star ecology center/banquet room/dining area building. That building is large and modern, and features a large aquarium with river fish, interactive displays on area wildlife ( including live turtles, clams, snakes, and stuffed wildlife ). These displays include the ability to crawl in a tunnel under a glass- bottomed small water-filled pool which has turtles in it, and a shallow pool with fish and clams you can touch. 

There is a large outside deck, as well as a nice sized snack bar area. They rent kayaks,  canoes, paddle boats, and SUP for exploring the back-water sloughs of the Mississippi River. I don't know if they have power boats for rent.

We usually see waterfowl such as geese, herons, kingfishers, woodpeckers, and numerous small birds. We also see turtles, schools of minnows, larger fish, and muskrats. 

The eco center also offers river tours on a large,  custom-built pontoon boat. There is a boat ramp for those with their own boats.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to camp. Clean shower house and does have some things for sale at store. Also has the Mississippi River Eco center.  Nice place to take child's have a turtles exhibit.  Snakes and some stuff animals from around here.  But some of the camp site do flood out when it rains and could use more gravel put down. But over all love camping their.
Rating: 1
Text: Not family friendly. It is a beautiful place to camp. However, as a firm believer of great customer service I'd give a big thumbs down. They made many mistakes on reservations for numerous cabins for an event that was scheduled. Rather than accommodate us as paying customers whom paid ahead of time, they were rude and unprofessional. Even using foul language toward one very christian elderly person whom reserved several sites months in advance. They did not fix this mistake, and sites were paid for that we were never able to use. We witnessed other campers having similar issues with their reservations as well. As if that wasn't enough the park ranger was a complete jerk and extremely rude. He was not kind in any way, and never once showed us any form of respect. In fact, he was disrespectful to each of us and put us in a very uncomfortable situation.
I will never come to this place again, and will steer anyone I know to choose a place elsewhere.
Rating: 2
Text: It was partially closed due to flooding. The room we reserved for a family reunion was nice and the view from the deck was nice. But the bottom line for me was that my service dog was not allowed to be inside of the building. They told us that we had to take or dog outside of the room and tie him up to a table. It was in the mid 80s. This reunion was with people from Cal. & Texas. I had my choice of being with my service dog or family I hadn't visited with in at least 20 years. This also had been planned ahead of time. It wound up being 3 days after my father's funeral. It was his side of the family that the reunion was for.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a nice place to dock your boat. It's tucked back about a half mile off the main channel. Very peaceful park setting. Only drawback is when the Wapsi floods in the Spring it can delay your getting boat in your slip. 
