Rocky Branch Outfitters & Hunting Lodge
Rating: 5
Text: I have hunted with Rocky Branch outfitters for the past 15 years. I can say from experience that the location of Rocky Branch in Southern Illinois has consistently produced world class whitetails.  A combination of agriculture,rich delta soil, and genetics make a perfect storm for huge bucks with monsterous racks. The owners Darrell and Diane Hafford run a first class operation. First of all the accomodations and meals live up to the hype. You will never go hungry and the lodge will make you feel at home.  Secondly Darrell grew up raising deer so their food source,habitat and movement patterns are carefully studied so that Darrell can get you on the biggest bucks available. I have hunted early October, mid rut, and late season with both the bow and muzzleloader with considerable success. I am strictly a trophy hunter so I don't always fill my tag but that is because I choose to pass on smaller bucks while waiting for that booner. I have had several oppoutunities to harvest bucks in the 170-210" range but have always ended up empty handed for various reasons.Situations such as bad shot angle, couldn't get a clean shot, or a simple miss was usually the reason. I have actually hunted one specific buck 3 years ago for 31 days, missed him twice and found the sheds on Feb 20th of the following season. he ended up scoring 212 gross and 208 net as a typical. Go on  the website  Autumn Legends and look under Premier Antlers and look up "The Big MIss" to read the story and view this incredible buck. One must not get the misconception that there is a booner behind every tree. There is not. Some hunts I have spent overs 100 hours in a tree stand and passed on bucks in the 135-155" range waiting for that special trophy since I knew that they were there and many times went home with an unfilled tag, but I was ok with that. Every hunter is different but I can assure you that if you do your homework, put in the time, have patience and perseverance, you will eventually  be rewarded. Sometimes a little luck helps out also. Weather is also a huge part of the equation that leads to success but you cant control mother nature..So the one sure  thing that I have learned during my 40 years of trophy whitetail hunting is that if you want to kill a booner  you have to hunt where the monsters live, plain and simple.Southern Illinois and Rocky Branch may just provide you with this opportunity.If you want a guaranteed huge buck then go to a high fence ranch.  Give Darrell and Diane a try, you'll be glad you did!  
