Rock Island / Quad Cities KOA
Rating: 5
Text: Our 2nd visit to the campground. I was actually able to reserve a spot the Sunday a week before Memorial Day amazing. There is a lot to do there whether you're an adult or a kid or an adult that still acts like a kid. It's a great place to watch a full moon, they have a 5 foot deep swimming pool and 120 degrees hot tub. So the showers don't get as hot as we would like the hot tub is definitely plenty hot. If you like to go hiking or walking a dog it's a great place to do it with an extensive nature trail that includes walking through Woods and by a dog / Animal Park. There's even a bounce pad that they don't allow alcohol on and other activities like tetherball. They also have miniature golf but they will charge you for a ball but the club is free. They have great fire pits and hayrides to. They have two Lakes you can fish from without a fishing license and Three Lakes that you can walk by. It's a very quiet Campground the only noise you hear is the interstate 280 at night and it's under the landing pattern of the Quad City airport but not a lot of jets. They have a permanent section on the Eastern side of the campground but there is a wait to get in there. If you happen to be in the hot tub on a Saturday night you might run into a friendly guy with a cooler of alcohol that will tell you some good stories. You will enjoy your stay.
Rating: 1
Text: I have stayed in KOA campground cabins all across this country. I even am a card member. I realize the cabins are "camping" cabins- however I have come to expect decency and have always trusted KOA. This particular KOA cabin was disgusting. They had a white cloth mattress cover over the larger mattress with yellow stains, hair, and dirt all over it. The bunk beds with the blue plastic mattresses had crusty white something hardened on them. I could not take myself to sleep on any of this. Furthermore, the floor had dirt all over it, spider webs were in the corners. The place had clearly not been swept, and the trash bin had trash in it when I arrived. I had arrived late so had to wait until the next morning to bring this to the attention to the employee at the office desk. She blamed it on the person who cleans- No refund or compensation was offered. No attempt to make amends. This is definitely not worth $60. It was absolutely disgusting and upsetting.
Rating: 4
Text: Check in was a bit tight.  They don't have enough space if they have multiple RVs showing up at once.  We got in fairly quick, but when we left for dinner about 30 minutes later, there was a line that went out to the highway and was blocking traffic.  Check in was quick and easy though. 
 They do charge for extra vehicles, and they charged us twice for an extra because i paid then our guest paid again when they arrived.  We stayed in #57, parking was tight for the truck in front of the camper, but we made it work.  Trees on the back of the spot between slips, fairly good distance between slips.  Fire ring near the road was kind of out of place and made parking/maneuvering a little more tricky.  WiFi was great.  Pool looked clean and in good shape, we never made it and it was super packed.  Hot tub is adults only which the kids thought was a buzzkill, but I get it.  Shower/bathrooms (I only used the main ones by the pool) were very nice.  Looked like pretty good fishing.  This is more of a "resort" type campground then a "park and stay" campground, so the extra we had to pay is probably for that.  We got one of the least expensive back in spots and it was $48 per night.
Rating: 5
Text: Out here for work, good hospitality. For the off season price it's unbeatable.  Close to Jumers Casino also so you can't beat that. I hit the ponds (im a good fisherman), did well on LM bass and catfish in November. Used a 1/4 oz jig and twister tail and that caught em.dragging half a crawler worked well also. Great KOA.
Rating: 2
Text: Mixed review
Initial welcome was very poor.  Lady that checked us in was rude and we felt very unwelcome!  Even worse we did not get campsite we booked and no apology was offered.

Camp ground has lots of potential except for being very close to your neighbor.  This is my 6th KOA and this is the tightest we have been thus far.  They have a separate section for full timers that drive through regular campsite roads...they must be bored with the speed limit because they did not follow.

On positive side..very clean restrooms, level sites and easy access to area attractions.
