Rodeway Inn West Dodge
Rating: 1
Text: The Hotel that I booked was a okay stay, but the other room that i reserved was dissatisfied.  The room was a non smoking room but it smelled like cigarettes. While sitting on the chair, there was a needle that has been used came out from between the chair. There was lots of not trusted people around who would look through other rooms window. While going into the ice room, there was someone sitting behind the vending machine charging it's phone. We also found little bugs that looks like fleas and ticks crawling on the bed. Bed sheets and blankets has lots of stain on it. It looked washed but it looks very old and filthy. Seems like they need to replace those old blankets and sheet for new one. Over all, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone regardless they are friends, families or any other people. I didn't feel safe at all. I was only there, because everywhere in omaha and council bluffs was booked due to a huge car event with over 5k people during that weekend. Other than that, i would never go back. first and last time there.
Rating: 2
Text: HORrible. got in at 2am, was SO tired. attendant was surly. asked for ID. gave him my ontario driver's license. he said he couldn't take it because it was canadian. really? couldn't deal with my Visa card. gave him my AMEX. 20 minutes later (I'm not kidding) he finally came back with my key. the room was gross. peeling plaster in the bathroom, dark, dingy. blech. couldn't wait to get outta there.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give no stars, I would. No matter what, don't stay here. I have pictures of the booger filled shower curtain, moldy refrigerator, and you'll wake up sick from the mold infested, water damaged room. Asked for a new shower curtain, apparently they had "no clean ones". Was yelled at after being dropped off by an Uber and was "standing outside too long". Called to speak to a manager. They lied to me, told me a manager was gone for 2 days. When I finally got Priceline to get a hold of them, the manager was the same person who told me a manager wasn't available. Completely fabricated a story that never happened so he didn't have to give me a refund. Please beware of this hotel. Spend your money somewhere else. I'm not a bad review kind of person and I understand you get what you pay for. But this was unbelieveable.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was small and there were holes in the wall but it was fine for the money.
Rating: 1
Text: The first room that I was given smelled so bad that I had to investigate before I settled in.  I found fuzzy mold growing up the walls of the bathroom--I have pictures.  I called the front desk and asked to be moved.  They didn't have a king room but moved me to what I had hoped was a better room.  This one also smelled very bad--I went to target before I settled in to buy air freshener--it was that bad.  There were holes in the wall, the bathroom had mud and filth in the corners.  The toilet was broken and glued back together.  The tub did not drain and bugs crawled up out of the drain when I turned the water on.  The bedspreads were some polyester from the 70's that had cigarette burns in them.  Seriously. I was a bit afraid to be there but had paid in advance and places like that don't give refunds.  Oh, I also forgot to mention that I rented one hotel chain and apparently it had changed to Roadway Inn and failed to update listings with Expedia.  I could say much more but I'm sure that you already have a good idea of what to expect here
