Rosener's Inn Motel and Banquet
Rating: 1
Text: Roseners motel is the worst please to rent any rooms from, the have roaches big enough to carry ur stuff off, the owners don't care how this  please is ran, when we got a room here we payed  for the whole month and not 1 night was there any hot water unless u get up at 3am and take a shower, the internet shuts off every 3hrs and stays down for 1hr at a time not to mention that they charged me $805. For the whole month, and when we called to see if they had smoking rooms available they said yes, after we got here and payed them the rent we go up to our room, and pulled down the sheets there was hair on the sheets and blankets and if u call down at the office they always have an excuse,  cause I called down there to find out why the room wasn't clean, and no internet connection they said that they didn't know what to do, and that's when they told us no smoking in the rooms , no company after 9pm, also me and my family has been sick since we have stayed here and got staff infection so has all of our neibors I have asked to speak with the owners and they won't even come and talk to u and try to solve the issues. So to all that reads this beware. I would never come back to this place and I will never advice anyone to come here. All the manager and butt kissers sit down at the office drink smoke what ever their on and let the kids run all over the parking lot intended. This is the worse place ever. I give them NO STARS THEIR NOT WORTH IT.
Rating: 4
Text: We were at the restaurant after hearing good things from a readers poll in the local paper. The food was good but really didn't get into the menu much. We had burgers and appetizers. Service was good and they had a pianist that night for ambiance.
Rating: 1
Text: Terrible place to stay.. paid to stay a week an only stayed 2 nights, an did not get a refund.. pool was closed, there was bugs n the room, on the 2nd night the cops were called over a dispute, people were constantly in an out their rooms at all hours of the night (seem to me they were high), an not to mention, loud.. an there was a dog howling next door an the receptionists daughter come in drunk an bein obnoxious while we were checking in.. would NOT recommend staying there, although I can say the housekeeper was a nice lady..
Rating: 3
Text: Quite, nice people, food was good but not to where I would go again because it was expensive.
Rating: 5
Text: Now called Cafe Redux...the new owners have really made this place amazing. The food, the service, the everything is so much better than it was. If you havent tried this place in awhile...you owe it to yourself to give them another try. Its now one of the best places for family dining. Also they have karaoke on fridays in the back lounge with Party Pro DJ Bryan Kenoyer. Awesome place!
