Round Spring Campground
Rating: 3
Text: I really wanted to give this place 0 stars. Rated 3 stars because the campground is pretty and well maintained. And the rangers are nice. Be cautious of horribly marked reserved sites and a rude cop. He made all kinds of false accusations about me and threatened to arrest me. Also, and I went to 2 websites to make reservations prior to driving 6.5 hours to ensure I'd have electric. Both sites said that camp sites are walk up only. Then how the hell do you make reservations. I had to pack up my camper after driving 6.5 hours and working all day because someone drove up and flashed a red reserved site sign in my face. There was NO sign on the camp site post. Also, there's no way to contact someone if issues occurs after hours. The camp host is gone after the first week of September. I advise you not to go to Round Springs Campground. Go to Echo State Park instead. It's more expensive but worth it to not get harassed by stupid cops who don't know Missouri laws.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice location and good second choice to camp, we camped in #36 definitely not an rv site (we only have a 21 foot camper, couldn't get one much bigger than that in there!) says it is but it's not, only true rv sites are the 6 electric sites, we would camp here again but would want to stay in one of those only.  Camp host was helpful and park rangers every where! Nice and secure.
Rating: 1
Text: Pretty place but campsites are super small and rocky, no grass in or around the campsites.  Not an ideal place for pitching a tent.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is awful.  The campsites are all hilly and rocky,  the camp host is an absolute jerk, and it's so crowded and close together it feels like you may as well be camping in downtown STL.  We rented two sites next to each other and one site was so hilly and full of tree roots we ended up putting 3 of our 4 tents in one of the sites.  When the camp host came to tell us to move we politely explained why we had 3 tents on one site, and he ended up calling the Forest Ranger to make us move.  Mind you, right next to us there was a Boy Scout pack with 7 tents on one site that he didn't make move.  His explanation?  They have two sites.  So, it's okay for THEM to have more than two tents in THEIR site but not us?  Ok...  And after that he consistently harassed us the entire weekend, even when we were down at the river.  The shower house is also disgusting, with black mold and dirt all over the sinks, the toilets were filthy and there were only two showers and two bathrooms for the whole camp.  We'd never go back here even if it was the last place on earth and someone tried to pay us to stay there.
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed at the group site for this location and I loved it! The showers next to the group location were frigid cold but driving up to the showers closer to the individual sites were nice and warm
