Ruebel Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: Smallish rooms, but sized and furnished similar to other boutique hotels I've stayed in. Bed was comfortable, linens and bathroom were clean, and breakfast at the attached bar/restaurant was excellent. Parking was more than adequate.  My only real complaint was the constant traffic noise since our room was facing the street.
Rating: 3
Text: We (family of 4) checked in on a Friday night at $244 for two rooms. The reason for two rooms is because there isnt any rooms with two beds available. The rooms are quant. The rooms are small, about the size of a bedroom. There is no tub, only a stand up shower. The beds are FIRM. The wifi did not work in our room whats so ever. The tv had several channels but a majority of them were not available. There is a bar. The breakfast on a Saturday is very selective. Breakfast menu picture is attached.
Rating: 5
Text: Both the food and drinks were great! We sat outside and were served right away. Our server was extremely friendly and they were willing to make pretty every type of drink.
Rating: 2
Text: No one working reception. Bar closed and locked ice cream place closed and locked restaurant closed and locked. Its 4pm we can't check in until 3pm and there are no workers to be found. Finally a kid comes in and says oh yeah I had to go to the owners house for a bit. Seriously why not leave a note for people who made reservations. Then 3 loud women came in while we were trying to check in, talked over us because they were "regulars" and wanted to make sure we weren't getting the room they wanted. There was no kindness from the young man who waited on us. We did not get the room we booked on line. The place is nice but a horrible first impression stays with you. We left about 20minutes after we checked in to go find dinner somewhere and all of the lights were out in reception area nothing about who to call if there were any problems. For what the room cost us, this was horrible and we won't stay here again ever.
Rating: 4
Text: Super cute old hotel, comfortable beds, clean rooms and bathroom. A descent restaurant attached - breakfast not included, but a reasonable price. I'd stay here again for sure!
