Rutlader Outpost RV Park
Rating: 5
Text: Me and my husband Ace we got baptize there's and we got married there and I lost my husband Ace he also  love you too at for his memorial service for my husband Ace Montoya love his wife Cris Montoya.
Rating: 1
Text: The owner has a real problem with his people skills.  One morning after my 14 year old daughter and I got back very late from a Taylor Swift concert this idiot owner starts pounding on the door of our $300,000 coach early in the morning.  I got up to see what the problem was and he starts screaming at me telling me that he doesn't tolerate drunks coming in late at night.  First I wasn't drunk.  Second, I didn't even have one drink.  Third, I haven't been drunk in over 25 years.  Fourth, I've never driven drunk once in my life.  
Rating: 4
Text: It's cute but none of the extra stuff advertised is there. There's a cowboy shop, a novelty shop, a cowboy church, full RV hookups, and storage. It's very close to the lake, which is absolutely stunning. 
Rating: 5
Text: One of our favorite campgrounds. Decent sized level sites, good hookups, and very friendly staff.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice, quiet location. However there are no trees, so during the hot summer days in KS. Currently it's fall and it's perfect! Close to famous cider mill and a winery. They welcome pets. But PLEASE DO NOT ASK FOR DIRECTIONS!  Phone conversation...

Hi, we are on our way on highway 169 heading North from Oklahoma going toward Kansas City. How do I get there. She gave us directions  as if we were heading south, and she heard highway 69, rather than 169.  (In her defense I was on my cell phone so missing the 169 vs 69. I can understand) when we FINALLY arrived her response was, "I haven't been to OK so I couldn't figure out what direction you were coming from."  Well, maybe despite the fact I said what direction we were coming from! Maybe they don't teach geography in KS???? Even the surrounding 4 states?!

They have a cute "outpost" to buy anything needed for your RV.
