Salina KOA
Rating: 5
Text: It is nice KOA and easy to get to.  They have pull thru sites that will accommodate a 39 foot coach with a toad without unhooking your vehicle.  On off season it is only 40 dollars and some change for full hookup.  They have 30 and 50 amp sites.  We stayed overnight and it was peaceful.  You can hear highway noise but I do not think it was that bad.
Rating: 4
Text: This older and well established KOA has been kept up excellently and is very convenient to I-70. It is big rig friendly but can be "tight" in a few places. It has excellent shade with many cottonwood trees, and the trees are kept trim to where they will not hit your rig. Roads are sand/gravel and pads are gravel. My site was perfectly level front to back and side to side. Wifi actually worked at an RV park for once! (Slow but it worked.) Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. They greeted us, led us to our site, and helped guide us in. Found it to be fairly quite for being right next to the interstate. Could here some road noise outside but none inside my RV. The cons include the sites are very close to each other with your neighbors sewer hose next to your picnic table; a few turns are tight for big rigs; and there is a big gap at the bottom of the fence at the dog park that will let little dogs run right out. All and all a very nice KOA. I will definitely stay here again if I am in the area. We camped at Salina KOA in a Fifth Wheel.
Rating: 2
Text: Two stars because it's clean and has pet facilities.  The most important part of the experience - can you sleep?- is missing.  Located right next to a highway with large trucks whizzing past at literally cabin shaking speed makes for a sleepless night.  Other features include  a rock hard mattress, a hunting themed decor, and a refrigerator on the porch.  Far below KOA standards.
Rating: 5
Text: A very nice campground, well groomed and maintained, and a very 'homey' feeling about it.  All decorated for halloween this time!  Their personal touches everywhere lend to a very pleasant atmosphere.  But, as with all service based facilities, the people are what make the difference! 
Having arrived on our return trip to stay with them again, my wife was quite ill with flu type symptoms in addition to just having a planned surgical procedure, the main reason for the trip. Not having our tow car with us presented problems going to town for needed 'additional' medications!  Their sincere care and compassion for our situation was palpable.  From giving us flu meds from their personal supply, to going to town to buy whatever else we needed, and delivering them to us, and offering themselves to help in anything else we required was truly above and beyond, and speaks to the real character of the folks who run the facility.
We had to extend our stay there until things settled down enough to travel again homeward.  Their caring attitude continued until we were able to say goodbye,  stating that they were simply 'paying it forward'!  They certainly did, and we are most grateful.
Will we stay there again and again and recommend Salina KOA to everyone?  No doubt about that!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Nice rv spots. We had electric and water only site because we were only there to sleep. Nice playground and jump pad for the kids. Big dog park. Kids train drives around. My daughter loved that. Only 1 star drop because when we woke up it smelled absolutely horrible. I have no clue why but I know it made me get on the road that much faster.
