Santa's Lodge
Rating: 5
Text: Stayed here last night with my 5 year old daughter and my mother and really enjoyed our stay.  I was very skeptical after reading some of the reviews but had always wanted to stay here.  This is a very quaint and older motel but very cute and we loved the decorations and landscaping.  The room was just fine and we slept good in the double beds.  This isn't some five star resort but it never claimed to be.  Some of these smaller locally owned places like this are way more charming than any big name chain ever could be.  We had a good time swimming in both pools and the hot tub and noticed some extras outside like zip lining and a bounce house you could do for an extra fee.  Holiday World is my favorite place and it was neat to see the roller coasters from my room window.  We also really enjoyed our dinner downstairs.  The food was hot and tasty and the service was good.  The breakfast buffet was fine and while the food tasted good we thought it was a tad pricey for what was offered.  For the service and convenience I will still gladly leave five stars.  Our family can't wait to come back and hopefully I can talk them into Labor Day weekend!
Rating: 3
Text: Bed - uncomfortable
Bathroom - small, unless handicapped like me then it was nice and big
Refrigerator and microwave not in the first room we were given but they were in the handicap room.
Staff - wonderful 5 stars for them.
Pool - indoor was cold and a lil green. Steps down were larger than a normal step and the handle shakes
Hot tub - steps again to large i have really bad knees and had a hard time getting out of the pool too scared to do the hot tub. Hubby went in every night. 
Restaurant - take out to our room. Food was yummy and hot.
Rating: 2
Text: Close to main attractions, outside play area nice for kids and quite. Rooms have an oder  understandable it's an old lodge. Hot tub & pool need more attention. Do not recommend getting in the hot tub.
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely loved our stay. Nice staff and clean pool area. Love the theme! Definitely worth the $$$
Rating: 5
Text: We stopped here for lunch. Prices were reasonable. Portions were huge! 

We all only got through half of what we were given. The rest became dinner on the road. Staff were super friendly and the place was clean. 
