Santa Fe Lake
Rating: 5
Text: We had a wonderful stay at one of the tent sites here.  The grounds were incredibly clean and well maintained. The lake and sunset/sunrise were absolutely beautiful.  The park hosts were incredibly kind and helpful, and even dropped off the firewood we purchased at our site for us.  Thanks so much! (And thank you for the "Lemon" cucumbers!)
Rating: 3
Text: Don't get me wrong it is a decent well kept tiny lake.  Has a nice swim beach great for "family time".  We have nicknamed this lake "Santa Fee" because there literally is a "fee" for everything.  From the moment you drive in you are bombarded with signs stating "PERMIT REQUIRED!" and "ALCOHOL PROHIBITED!".  What?  No booze at a lake? And yes they enforce this.  The lady at the front desk is very nice and friendly.  The guy however that drives his little go cart around morning, noon, and night  making sure everyone has all their "permits", and is NOT having fun, is a real downer.  I've been going here since a kid and will not be returning.  And yes you read correctly...NO ALCOHOL!
Rating: 4
Text: Cool lake close to home in Andover. Great for a nice day out.
Hosts did seem overly concerned with making sure we paid as we drove up.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stop and relax. Gorgeous view from the RV spots. Lake side RV sites, RV dump is by the office, kinda high from the ground. For when lake level rises above normal levels. Hopefully they will add a mound of dirt next to dump station to help with the people who don't have a flipped axle for extra clearance like my trailer does.
Really wanted to stay longer. Was a great hidden spot of beauty. See pictures with the white tundra.
Rating: 1
Text: Everything is alright. I have been there more times I can remember. Except for the new guy on the office. He is a total douche bag. Yelling on my face the second I showed up. We all decided to leave and never come back because of him. He needs to get laid or shoot to the stars. I'm not paying money to deal with a long face.  I miss the old man who was nice to everybody.
