Schuyler Inn
Rating: 2
Text: Pro:
At first i was impressed with the customer service. The young man saved our room as we were coming from out of town and we didnt arrive until 11:30p. He was actually in the office when we arrived (we did call when we were close) the check in was fast, which was very much appreciated as we were exhausted from the long day of driving. Room was clean and beds were comfortable. 
Cons: 
Noisy people outside from like midnight until 3am! Less than half roll of toilet paper and no spare. No coffee in the room. 1 towel to shower And no breakfast and it is now 7:45a. No one in the office to talk to at this time either. Quite a bit frustrating.
Rating: 1
Text: IF I COULD GIVE NEGATIVE STARS I WOULD !!!!!!!! DO NOT? I REPEAT DO NOT STAY THERE !!!!!!! I had a reservation  for 3 months and was never able to check into it because the manager was too busy at the bar getting drunk down the street. Leaving 4 people 2 of which are disabled to scramble to find an open room on graduation weekend/ mother's day and 7pm  in the evening. There were drunk people screaming and hollering outside their rooms... Needless to say we went to the COBBLESTONE INN AND SUITES just around the corner luckily got the last room... Much nicer and newer and clean, VERY FRIENDLY STAFF THERE.
Rating: 5
Text: Its a nice little motel clean and well taken care of
Rating: 1
Text: Dead bugs, door appeared to be kicked in. Changed rooms, more dead bugs, dirty towels, water dripping in the shower, walls were dirty, smell of moth balls and smoke in both rooms.  I didnt even un pack the car let alone stay in the place.  Best part of this motel is that it's close to the Cobblestone motel. I don't know where these people have stayed that are giving it anything other than a 1 star. I'm guessing they are friends and family of the owners.  Free breakfast.... cereal. 
Rating: 4
Text: Schuyler Inn in Schuyler Nebraska is an extremely nice motel. All of the staff I personally dealt with were very nice. The rooms are very clean and fully stocked daily. I can easily say it is the nicest motel I've ever stayed at. Their beds have very comfortable pillow top mattresses and very thick toilet paper. I was very happily surprised when I first stayed there. I would most definitely stay there again and recommend it to friends and family.
