Scio Farms
Rating: 4
Text: Is it perfect?  NO, it's a freaking trailer park people, and you will find the same issues with apartment complexes.  Is it over priced? Actually, no it isn't. YOU'RE IN ANN ARBOR PEOPLE! The average cost for a 900 sq ft 2 bedroom apartment in Ann Arbor is $1,250 a month!  If you were to buy an actual house you would be paying at least $400-$600 a month in property taxes every month!  I don't really let my kid play outside with the other kids, mostly because we're in Ann Arbor and there are dozens of parks to take your child to, and I wouldn't send my kid out to play in an apartment complex either. You have a problem, call them, and then check up on email and continue calling, they will take care of you if you make it an issue for them.  Like I said, it's not perfect, but I live in a 3 bedroom, 2 bath 1,600 sq foot home in Ann Arbor for less that $1,000 a month, and that my friends is a deal.
Rating: 2
Text: I have lived here for a while and they make sure the lots are taken care of, whether you do or not, as in they will charge you to mow your yard if they deem it needed, they do gibe you a 48 hour notice on your door. I recently went in after 4 years of waiting and asked for my cracked up driveway to get redone and said i asked several years ago if this could get fixed. Oh backing up a bit i had one of those notes on my door saying i needed to WEED MY DRIVEWAY and i took a before and after picture then asked once again for it to be redone and the lady working who ill leave nameless told me, "ill put you on the list but there are people on it who have been waiting years". I replied so you are pretty much telling me im screwed and she replied yeah pretty much. I was furious. That being said they did get to fixing it about 3 weeks later. They started on a friday, left it alone over the weekend then did the other two thirds on seperate occasions by thursday the following week. They left a safety cone blocking the driveway and planks of wood on the grass until friday along with the grass they had to pull back that was filled with cement overspray. I watched my neighbors kids jumping barefoot front patch of grass to patch of grass which is cute until you realize its full of sharp concrete chunks. I called and said these things were occuring to the office as well as relaying that they busted up my side skirting of my trailer which they have yet to fix. The lady working, same as the rude one i was referring to earlier, told me to be patient and that she was sure they would take care of it and hung up on me afterwards. My overall impression of this park is that they arent concerned about you just the properties they own as well as the outward appearance of your house. 2.5/5
Rating: 1
Text: They promised me the trailer would be completed upon move in. When I came to sign the papers, there was no air conditioning, no skirting and no shed ( I was assured that all would be there). I regret moving into this community with this management.  Although the people within the community seem great but he management is really a sore spot in this place.
Rating: 1
Text: Over $600 for lot rent with no amenities? Also over charging residents for their water usage! I have never had a monthly water bill over $40, since I've moved here it has almost tripled and my water usage is the same.. please explain
Rating: 1
Text: lot rent is horribly "over priced" with almost zero amenities. No community events, and horrible snow removal.They can't keep management for long, or maintenance workers.Lots of issues with loitering , drugs activity from a select residents, and cops was there monthly for domestic disputes . However its location was prime. in the decent school district  is the only thing going for it. They offer free mulch and dirt( limited quantities) in the spring and dumpsters , in hope residents would use them.
