Seacliffe Inn (The)
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful location right next to the Leamington ferry docks. Spacious, clean room. Wonderful walking opportunity nearby including short distance to downtown.
Rating: 4
Text: Fantastic stay.  Clean and comfortable rooms. The in-house restaurant had great food, and there is a fantastic breakfast place right across the road. Rooms on first floor are accessible. Close to the peele Island ferry.
Rating: 3
Text: I feel bad giving this place only a three because the location was amazing, the inn very quaint and unique compared to the average hotel, and the service was very friendly. That said, we had some consistently bad luck for our two night stay. We checked in to a room that had not been cleaned (blankets and towels were strewn about). For the inconvenience, we received vouchers for their restaurant, though they were only to be used on a specific day. I was hoping for an upgraded room because the room we got (202) overlooked the parking lot, but the woman was unable to accommodate that. Worse was that we were told to leave and hang around for 45 minutes while our room got cleaned. It was just after a long drive and we really just wanted to rest, so that was a pretty big let down. Also, our Do Not Disturb sign was missing so we fashioned our own, and on our second day when we left for the day and came back (gone for about 7 hours), our room had (again) not been cleaned. So service was friendly but not very good. The woman we dealt with said they were very short staffed, so I chalk it up to bad luck. The restaurant was pretty good. Prices were great, the perch was very tasty, the broasted chicken also quite tasty. I felt like the burger meat was generic frozen grocery store patties, so I was a little let down there, but they have a pretty awesome patio, so over all the restaurant was a nice experience. Hopefully my story regarding service is a one-off incident because for the price we we're let down, but I think if our luck was better and there were more staff, this could easily have been a 5 star experience.
Rating: 1
Text: I had a room booked (305) for 2 nights on Friday and Saturday, October 13 and 14th, 2017 and I would like to inform you of several shortcomings and the overall horrible experience of staying at this hotel. Initially booked through Expedia as the hotel was a top pick, I arrived on Friday evening at about 6PM and was promptly given my room key. Upon proceeding to my room, I dumped all my luggage and headed out to see the sights of the town before a family wedding the next day. Only upon getting back at about 11PM did i notice that there was this huge yellow stain on the duvet and it smelled weird. As usual, i tried calling the front desk to ask for a replacement but there was no hotel staff anywhere to be found. I so i turned the fire place all the way up and decided to go for a shower. There were no bath towels in the room and only 2 small face towels. Again, no hotel staff anywhere to request for some towels to be brought up. I finally managed to get towels the next morning before having to go to the wedding. Saturday night (14th Night), the fire alarm went off at about 2:15AM  and all the hotel's guests were assembled outside as per evacuation policies. Not a single staff member was reachable and we had to call 911 and the Fire Department ourselves and wait till 3:30AM to be told it was a faulty sensor and the hotel staff should have been on hand to report the issue to the fire department. I have never seen such a pathetic set up in a hotel wherein guests cannot get basic clean linen or service that you would get even in a road side motel. I would like someone to contact me about a full or partial refund ( and I fully intend to post this same message to Expedia and all other hotel booking websites. It looks like The Seacliffe Inn only draws customers in based on its heritage and location and the owners and management are milking the same. I will ensure that I tell everyone that i know to book a room at the Best Western or any other hotel in Leamington because there cannot be elementary screw ups like this at any other chain establishment. I want to be contacted for a refund.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean ans comfortable rooms. Nautical theme. Good views of the marina and ferry. Friendly staff. Good value for a family of four and reasonably large rooms.
