Shanty Hollow Rentals
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I went to rent a pedal boat and couldn't have asked for a better experience. Everything is taken very well care of, especially the customers! I highly recommend renting from Shanty Hollow Rentals!
Rating: 5
Text: Had a good experience renting a canoe here. They were technically closed but still allowed us to rent one for the day. 

He took the boat down to the lake and picked it up when we finished. Which made it very easy for us. His property is very close to the lake so you don't have a long trip after renting your equipment. 

They only take cash so you should ensure to bring this with you before heading over. 

I recommend going here if you're looking for a place to rent equipment.
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly and helpful, loved the experience
Rating: 2
Text: It started out great. The owner, Jeff was very friendly and offered a lot of personal services that came with paying for a campsite. My husband and I prepaid for 2 nights and a boat rental. We were camped down by the creek, which was about a football field from where we were told we had to park. It was down a very steep hill, but we were told when we needed something to call or text the owner. There was very little to no service at the bottom. When we did text him he became aggravated and told us he was busy. He promised alot of things, but when it came down to making good, he would become short, and even rude. He promised firewood, but when we asked the second night for a little more he said he usually charged $15 a load. Something we were told would be complimentary. Also he said it would be no problem to help us get our fishing gear up the hill and to the boat. We had about 60 lbs of gear, my husband is a serious fisherman. The whole ride he complained about catering to us. About how he had accommodated us too much already. Well I don't know about you but I only expect to get what I paid for. Once the money, cash only by the way, was in his pocket he pretty much forgot about you. He talked a good game but all he was interested in was the money. The services he offered were grudgingly done and with much griping. He offrred rides on his utility vehicle up and down the hill and even said he would provide a trailer for our gear if we needed it. His attitude was very off-putting. Once he launched our boat and left we proceeded to enjoy our experience, but we have fished that lake since my husband was a child. We know the lake very well and we tried not to let his behavior ruin our trip. We fished for hours with no bites, so we headed in to the ramp. My husband tried to call and text numerous times to no avail. He had made us feel like his boat was our personal responsibility even though we signed no contract of any kind. No waivers about injuries or damage to his property. So we proceeded to load his John boat into the trunk of my car. I fell and seriously injured my left leg while loading his boat. We finished any way and went back to unload his boat. My leg was bleeding was swelled to the point I could barely walk. We unloaded his boat in the same condition we rented it and I drove our car back into the field closer to the camp. I barely made it back to the camp considering the condition of my leg and the fact the hill was eroded with ruts and loose mud and rocks. We left the car parked there so I could get to our vehicle the next day. I knew my husband would have to pack up the camp alone. Jeff had become so rude we didn't want to burden him from doing his job. That Sunday morning we awoke to someone yelling at us to load up and leave. Then the owner rode off on his utility vehicle and left us to fend for ourselves. My husband then found a rude note on our table. So my diabetic husband with two bad knees packed over a 109 lbs of gear up a steep and dangerous incline alone. I barely made it up the hill with his help. Jeff made himself scarce as were leaving, he never even cared about why we had parked our vehicle in his field. My husband and I adhered to all of his campground rules except where to park. That was only the last night when I was injured. We felt like we had gotten a load of bull about him caring about his campers and always being available. There was no way to get him on the phone after about 8 pm. His nasty attitude is the reason we won't go back. The lake is gorgeous and I encourage people to come, but just for the day. His promises of free services quickly become a way to charge you for things that were supposed to be included. I'm really disappointed the most about the fact he couldn't give us five minutes to explain Why we parked where we did. My husband tried to apologize and explain, but he rode off too quickly. He doesn't give a care about anyone except for their money. The fact that I was seriously injured was never taken into account. He simply thought we broke the rules because we didn't care.
Rating: 5
Text: Very comfortable place 
I liked it and I will go there again 
