Shepherd Mountain Inn & Suites
Rating: 5
Text: Like an oasis in the middle of the desert! We decided to take a day trip to the Johnson Shut Ins (read my review for tips) and knew we couldn't make it all the way home, so we decided to find a room. 
We were very lucky (6.10.17) because there were several big events going on in and around the Arcadia Valley and we may have gotten one of the last rooms in 20 miles or more. 
We were greeted by the owners, a couple in their 40's who were born to hosts of this cute little motel. 
They gave us a choice of rooms but were kind enough to suggest Room 42 which was a non-smoking and recently renovated. 
It was a beautiful little room with a very comfy bed, a small couch that is a roll out bed and a cool little kitchenette. We didn't think we'd need it but when we got inside, we realized that putting all the food from our cooler in there was a great idea. 
The room had a huge flat screen tv and a little table and two chairs. The bathroom was big enough for this old grandma lady and like the entire room, was very, very clean. The water pressure is great and the water got hot very quickly. 
We were right next door to a large noisy family and we thought it would be a problem, but the walls are thick and even though you could hear them on the porch, we heard nothing inside. 
Thank you folks for a lovely stay and we hope to be back again. One suggestion...please put a sturdy hook in the bathroom as there is no place to hang a make up bag or your bathroom.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a great find. The staff are friendly and helpful.  The rooms are spacious, clean, and affordable.  It may not look like much from the outside, but it is a diamond. Love the restaurant in the parking lot.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean room. I am a house keeper as well and stripped the room for the house keeper coming in and discovered there were no protective mattresses coverings. This is a big issue. But I do not think it was a house keeping error. We stayed there the 18th in room 405. Again clean room. But before I stay again I will make sure there are mattress protectors. And the staff was nice.
Rating: 5
Text: Tim, the owner of this amazing hidden gem is amazing. Tim helped us out after we called him asking if he had any rooms available extremely late at night. He told us at first he only had one room that was a smoking room available. I hate cigarettes but at the time we called which was past 12:30am at that point, we were desperate and called him back and asked for the room. When we showed up and told him our situation and what we just dealt with at this other place, I asked if there was any way we could get a non-smoking room. He gave us one and then the next day we camped out in his rv spot and then the next two days were back at the hotel. About the rooms, they are amazing! Greatly priced and literally in the middle of everything outdoorsy that we wanted to do and there was also an amazing barbecue place on site called Baylee-Jo's barbecue!  The staff, rooms, and location are amazing! Thanks to Tim and this beautiful place, we not only had an amazing vacation but felt like a part of us felt home there. Thank you so much and we will definitely return and share our amazing experience with friends and family!!
Rating: 5
Text: I stayed there last night and was very happy. Nice clean ,well kept room. The people behind the desk were very nice. Will definitely stay there again if I get into the area again.
