Sheraton Omaha Hotel
Rating: 3
Text: Decent hotel. Beds were comfortable. No complimentary breakfast. TV access was broken so we were moved to room next door and given free access to Sheraton Club, which was nice. Would stay there again.
Rating: 4
Text: It's a smaller hotel with a convenient location. I had a club level room, club level members have their own lounge that serves food and wine in the evenings. It also has free drinks and snacks you can take back to your room. Checkout for club level was 4PM, so we weren't able to get our room until 5. Checkout for other levels is noon. The staff was really friendly, and it looked upscale once you walk inside. They have a bar there, as well. Free wifi. The rooms were decent, nothing overly exciting about them but they served their purpose. They had a shuttle service that can take you where you request. The pool was fantastic, it went down to 8ft deep but it seemed a little deeper than 8ft. Also had a spa and fitness room. Decent hotel for sure.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I stayed her a year ago for our wedding night and decided to come back for our 1 year anniversary. As soon as they found out, they gave us complimentary access to the members club and tried to put us in room in a quiet part of the hotel. Very accommodating!  The snacks they provided in the club as well as the complimentary breakfast made our day! Jimmy John's also delivered right up to our hotel door which was also a plus. Highly rec commend this hotel and way to go to their management!
Rating: 5
Text: The room was nice and dark. The service was fine and the pool was fun. The gyms 24hrs so that was definitely a plus. Overall I would stay there again. They also had complimentary breakfast and a club room that had drinks and fruits.
Rating: 5
Text: We hung out at the pool with friends who stayed overnight. The space was pleasant and clean (even the restrooms were clean and nice). The decor is attractive. Seems like a good place. I'd stay overnight here next time I'm in Omaha.
