Sheraton West Des Moines Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: What a fantastic place to stay.   Very, very friendly, helpful and courteous staff.  It is people who make a business great and they have great people taking care of guests here.    Fabulous rooms, quiet so you can sleep.  Rating on a 1 to 10 scale. 10 is not high enough.
Rating: 5
Text: I didn't stay the night, but the wedding reception, hall, accommodations, etc., were great! The center area of the lobby is beautiful and spacious. The interior of the hotel is extremely well presented and aesthetically on par with a high end hotel. I never would have guessed, based on the exterior, that this place would be as nice as it is. Had a great time.
Rating: 5
Text: I love their pillows.  Most comfortable pillows in a hotel I've ever slept on, and I'm a flight attendant who sleeps in a different hotel 3 or 4 times a week.  KFC is across the street as well as some other food options.  I didn't really notice them all since I was so focused on KFC.  The rooms are nice and there is a really cool waterfall in the lobby.  But truthfully, when I go back, I plan to steal a pillow (or two).  :-P
Rating: 2
Text: Room and hotel cleanliness was good, but their service and administrative side was less than ideal. I had called early afternoon to make sure a hotel shuttle was available for pick up from the airport when I landed and was told it would not be a problem. When I landed and called, was then told it would be at least a 40 min wait and that they did not guarantee a shuttle service. The staff member told me I'd be better off with getting a cab. The staff member wasn't rude but wasn't polite about it either. My room key didn't work first time and at check out they incorrectly charged for parking the day earlier (I didn't bring a car) and couldn't reverse the charge until accounting got involved and I'd have to call back today after I leave. And it's far from downtown so I'd suggest other accommodation. 
Rating: 3
Text: Front desk staff was friendly. Room was recently renovated. Free upgrade to club level. Things that were disappointing: They charge 10 bucks a night to self-park in their lot... And don't tell you that at all during check in. The club lounge does not have snacks and refreshments 24/7 like at other Sheraton locations The pool was cold... And you have to walk through the fitness center to reach it
