Sheraton Louisville Riverside Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely wonderful hotel. Close to the water and MANY dining options. Room was clean, AC worked and kept the room cold which I like. Check in was quick and easy. Took advantage of the 10th floor amenities that came with staying on that floor. All of the staff was friendly and helpful!
Rating: 2
Text: Great hotel. Clean, friendly staff, quick check-in. I like to stay here when. I'm in the Louisville area.

Edit: I just stayed her recently and my opinion has changed a bit. For one, they no longer have refrigerators in the rooms, the AC fan had super glue on it so I could not run the fan in the "on" position, I had received a dirty towel (looked like it wasn't even cleaned), and the breakfast is pretty terrible for costing almost $15 (with tip). I won't be staying here anymore.
Rating: 3
Text: Poor Internet does not always allow streaming and drops. Large rooms but show wear. Marks all over our carpet. Shower floor split and gooey. very small bathrooms. It's hard to get in the shower with the door and the toilet. Only 2 small drawers in room. No dresser in room or in closet. Bathroom towel had black marks on it. Pillows feel like filled with cotton balls. Nice lobby area. Free parking. Good location and 4 minutes into downtown Louisville.  Nice friendly staff.
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel is a little off the beaten path but has great views of downtown Louisville. There is a Hooters restaurant attached as well as another nicer restaurant. There are also a couple of other food choices in walking distance. The rooms are outdated and are showing their wear. Overall, I was unimpressed. There is not complimentary breakfast. In fact, they charge $12 for a very small buffet style breakfast. I don't have any major qualms about the hotel but I would probably stay elsewhere on my next trip to Jeffersonville/Louisville.
Rating: 4
Text: Very friendly service and convenient location near several restaurants, located right on the Ohio River, good parking, and within approximately 1/4 mile walk to pedestrian bridge over Ohio river to downtown. Best of all was their shuttle service. The shuttle driver, Frank G, was super helpful, knows ALL about downtown Louisville area, and really made it so easy to get downtown without driving/parking. Rooms were clean with great views of the river but the doors were a bit noisy when opened and closed which may disturb some light sleepers. Our baseball team enjoyed their stay.
