Sheraton Chicago Northbrook Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly staff. Sheraton club is decent with continental breakfast in the morning and quick bites (salads, wings, pasta, sandwiches, cheese & fruits, etc.) in the evening. 

Room 317 had a musty smell though, and the hotel shows signs of wear and age. Small, typical gym with dumbbells up to 50lbs, 3 treadmills, 2 elliptical and 1 stationary bike. There is a small pool but I've never seen anyone in it. It looks clean and maintained though.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel close by to a few good restaurants and shopping. Staff is friendly and rooms are clean. The concierge is open 7 days a week compared to others which are sometimes only open 5.
Rating: 5
Text: The Sheraton Chicago Northbrook is a great property for events. I attended a networking event at the property and was very impressed. To start the entry way is updated and modern. I was impressed by how open and inviting it is. There were lots of people in the area but it still felt open. The event space was great. It was setup very well with great technology. The event staff was friendly and extremely helpful I didn't stay at the property but was told by a couple of people who did stay there that the rooms are excellent
Rating: 5
Text: The Sheraton Northbrook is a very nice hotel, with clean rooms, friendly staff, and tasty food on their menu. I was impressed by how attentive the staff were and thoroughly enjoyed my stay.
Rating: 3
Text: Spent three nights here recently in room 103. First floor a plus: easy access to car, no waiting for elevator.
No major complaints, but like other reviewers we noted some signs of wear and tear (had stayed in same hotel 5 years ago). House Keeping laggardly about making up room after our first night. Much prompter service after night #2.
In-room coffeemaker offered 2 packets of decaf but only one of regular coffee. I complained, but this was the offering the morning after I registered my concern. (Fortunately a Starbucks is nearby in an adjacent chopping area.)
Major convenience: proximity to major arteries on the North Shore.
One thing that really bugged us: television channel selection. No PBS channel, and no MSNBC ( but of course lots of Fox News). Starwood-Marriott is I believe the parent company...so no surprise.
