Sheraton Suites Country Club Plaza
Rating: 2
Text: So the rooms were small and very dated. We asked for a late check out and then the front desk got mad the next day and asked us who gave us permission for a late check out. Then we had upgraded so we could have access to the exec floor for breakfast. When we got there, there was no milk, no plates, and they didn’t care. Then when I complained the man at the desk said too many people were upgraded..like that was my problem. I paid for my upgrade, too. Just makes me mad because I wouldn’t have paid for it. And never a sorry...just excuses. Poor management.
Rating: 5
Text: The service was great and so were the rooms! They even upgraded us for free. Great location for the plaza. We will definitely stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel room was very nice as far as layout and furniture is concerned. My room was very warm despite AC on at 60 degrees F. The bed looked clean, but upon getting in bed, I noticed the body odor on the bedding. As if they had not been washed. I asked for them to be changed the next day. Upon returning to my hotel room, the bedding had been changed, but had makeup smeared on the comforter. (I don't wear makeup, so definitely not from me). The lobby, staff and bartender are extremely nice and courteous. I really enjoyed interacting with them. Lobby always was well lit and looked clean. But every now and then a rancid smell would fill the lobby. Not really sure why. The parking garage is not patrolled by security as far as I can tell. It is very dark being that it is under the ground, under the hotel. Also extremely hot (my stay was in June). Apart from that. Great hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Spacious suite rooms with refrigerator and microwave. Beautiful indoor/outdoor pool with a small hot tub. Friendly and helpful staff. The hotel is located in a fun, walkable shopping district. Walk a few blocks down the road and you'll encounter a great museum that has a huge sculpture garden and offers free admission.
Rating: 2
Text: It's funny you know. The first two weeks I was here they tripped all over themselves to give great service. This week, brutal! Can't get my room cleaned (I only ask once a week!). Disorganized, lack of staff, excuses at every turn. It's too bad, because I was initially super impressed.  Now? Not so much. I'm staying here for 7 solid weeks and wasn't even offered an upgrade and was denied when I inquired. Guess my 8500 worth of business isn't worth much. My employer sends a ton of business here. The staff are generally very friendly. It just seems like their processes are a bit chaotic.
