Sheraton Suites Columbus
Rating: 5
Text: My basic suite contained a comfortable King size bed, working desk, pull out sofa with coffee table, complementary bottle of water and Starbucks coffee. A hair dryer was available in the bathroom. The room felt fresh and was not dingy or in disrepair. The area surrounding the hotel was comprised of additional hotels, office parks, nice apartments and restaraunts. The area felt safe. Breakfast was available at the hotel, but not included. A Bob Evans restaurant is located about ten minutes away from the hotel if traveling on foot.
Rating: 1
Text: The loddy and rooms are dirty, A.C. didn't  work in our room and after waiting 3 hours for them to clean it I wasn't about to wait another 3 hours on a different room. The people working in the lobby are rude and could care less if they are there working let alone helping anyone. The free shuttle is not free, they charge $30 to your room. Only bright spot was Shuttle driver was very nice and helpful! Save your time and money there are 3-4 better hotels that sit with in a few minutes of here that I would try first.
Rating: 5
Text: The Sharton was an excellent choice for our overnight stay. Customer service was excellent. Room was very clean and not outdated. Bed was very comfortable and not dipping in the middle. My favorite thing was the amazing high pressure shower head. It was out of this world!
Rating: 3
Text: Our conference space was nice, clean and well attended by staff all day. All of the staff was very courteous and extremely helpful. There was an issue with a reservation in our group, but they went above and beyond to make up for it.
Rating: 5
Text: Truly enjoyed my stay at the Sheraton. The staff were nice, friendly, and helpful. The rooms were clean, spacious and impressive especially for the price. LOVED the fact that they allowed small animals, and that I could bring my little puppy with me. The 24 hour workout room had free weights and not just boring machines. Truly enjoyed my stay. Highly recommended. Thanks!
