Sheraton Suites Chicago Elk Grove
Rating: 5
Text: Good hotel. The hotel is old and you can feel the age but but the rooms are in good condition and very spacious and clean. Location is good and ample parking available.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel. Suites were nice not sure if our king was a king but beds were comfy. Our shower head had a little leak but manageable. Staff was nice and helpful. Has a nice restaurant and bar in the lobby. Nice pool also.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff is excellent but the hotel suffers age-related issues. We stayed 2 nights and the toilet clogged twice. Linens for the hide-a-bed weren't in the room. When we requested them, they came quickly but they were obviously bed linens taken out of rotation for age. Both sheets had holes or tears and the blanket was thin and all the stuffing was shriveled. All of the linens were not very good quality; they were noisy and papery. The Club Lounge breakfast was basic but hot and filling. The coffee machine didn't appear to function properly; it didn't produce a hot chocolate when requested, just hot milk even though the chocolate dispenser was full. Overall, our stay was good but not excellent. Little things seem to be getting overlooked at this Sheraton.
Rating: 1
Text: Total disappointment. Our room had dead bugs, the shower was disgusting and stained, we had maybe half a role of toilet paper (I'm assuming what the previous guests left behind was refolded for us, maybe 5 tissues in the tissue box! And the best part, when we pulled down the hide away bed it only had a top sheet lying on it. When we called to get sheets and a pillow we were informed they had no more pillows... On top of that their shuttle service from the airport. After waiting for over an hour the man showed up (I called twice during this time and was given 2 different times in which he should arrive but he didn't show up in either of the times he gave the front desk). When he got out and I let him know I was the one waiting he pointed to the van and said "go". I'm 6 months pregnant and he didn't offer to help with any luggage, I packed it all in myself. Quite the disappoint when I've had nothing but great customer service experiences with other locations. I will try the airport Sheraton next time.
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic hotel. Go for the breakfast package and get fresh breakfast with thick bacon/saugage and real eggs. One of the quietest hotel rooms I've gotten to stay in.
