Sheraton Detroit Metro Airport
Rating: 3
Text: Meh.
The initial pool-chemical scent when entering the lobby was an immediate turn-off, but the front-desk staff were bright, friendly and engaging. 
Room was certainly passable, but could use some updating. Surprised by the lack of any sort of real work-area and NO easily accessible power outlets. 
The bright spot was the great food in the lobby bar! Very attentive, friendly waitstaff and super good pub-food. 
Meeting rooms were clean, bright and just the right temperature.
Meeting room catering was really well executed (and pretty good food).

Airport hotels are a tough category.  For the price, these guys delivered a pretty good product.
Rating: 3
Text: A very nice hotel. The beds were 5 stars. SO comfy! The customer service was very nice. Every thing you would expect from a Sheraton. But the rooms need updating. A little bit of mold in the corners. And not enough electrical sockets.
Rating: 3
Text: Having a dirty tray in front of my room when I got here... not good. Btw. Still there.  Not very clean. :-( sorry.   Good airport shuttle.
Rating: 3
Text: Spacious rooms. Overall clean room and a comfortable bed. My children liked the lighting in the lobby and also the elevators.  However, the bathrooms are seriously dated and it is difficult to take a shower without    making the floor wet. In addition, the customer service needs to be improved. Everyone from the housekeeping to the front desk does not provide quality service to the consumer. For example, simple requests like providing extra shampoo was a problem.  Also note that microwaves and refrigerators not provided in rooms. We knew that rooms did not have them, but  was misled into believing  that it would be possible to get a refrigerator in our room before checking in. However, the hotel did help with allowing us to check out late, after we complained about services in the hotel. Nice place to stay, but beware that there are improvements to be made.
Rating: 5
Text: We had adjoining rooms on the fifth floor overlooking the public area and indoor pool. The balconies were pretty cool. The rooms were very comfortable. Free Wifi.
