Sheraton Kansas City Hotel at Crown Center
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here for the weekend of the Irish festival so we didn't have to deal with traffic and parking. The festival is at Crown Center and Washington Park. It was great. Upgraded to club level access for a roomer higher up with better view and access to the club level which had snacks and breakfast and amazing views. The rooms were clean, modern, and very comfortable. We took the train in, so it was only a short walk. I would stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Friendly check in - albeit a bit slow. With the number of arriving guests, another front desk employee would have been great. The parking garage (independently operated) was not working when I went to park my car. My key card wouldn't get me in, and nobody could get out, so there was a line in both directions. Not the hotel's fault. The first keys I was given didn't work either. But this may have been my own fault (easy to demagnitize keywords) - front desk agent was extremely friendly and helpful. Room was clean and spacious. Just a few minor complaints but would absolutely recommend this hotel, or return in the future.
Rating: 5
Text: The Sheraton Hotel was a fantastic place to stay at for the four day conference I attended. The staff was polite and courteous of all 800 students that attended, making sure that all our needs were met. I've honestly never been in a better hotel for any conference I've attended. The only thing I would want different is a warmer room for our meetings.
Rating: 1
Text: Just got to my room and the ratings set. If they can't clean a sink and have any standards, I have a hard time giving them even one star. I hope there is nothing wrong with the sheets. I Don't leave my sink like that at home, disgusting!
Rating: 4
Text: We stay for an annual business party. Conference rooms always roomy enough to host 250-500 guests with audio visual set up. Full bar and catering always wonderful. Guest rooms always clean, spacious and comfortable with great views of downtown KC. Hotel staff helpful to accommodate my broken foot by providing room closest to elevator.
