Sheraton Lisle Naperville Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: It wasn't the best Sheraton but it was pretty good. The rooms are a decent size and the bathroom is okay. I was there for a wedding. Their bartenders were pretty nice for the most part, however there were some extremely rude ones. Some judged you based on what you ordered. For my cousin and I, I ordered Shirley Temples. She put Sprite and Grenadine like you are supposed to in mine. But for his (since he is younger than me), she put a teaspoon of grenadine and tonic water mixed with a little Sprite because apparently, "you are too young for these corrupted soda habits and you don't need it so I'm going to dilute for you." Helpers for food and table clean up were phenomenal and were lightning fast. Most of the staff was very approchable and friendly.
Rating: 1
Text: NEVER USE THIS HOTEL FOR A WEDDING!!!!

This experience could not have been less organized or more stressful. My husband and I chose this hotel for our wedding and we ended up with approximately 30 rooms booked. Throughout the entire time leading up to our wedding they had trouble finding our reservations and giving us a total number of rooms booked, despite having our own "wedding block." The "suite" they provided us was clean and orderly, but completely mundane and underwhelming for a wedding. For having a bridal suite no one said congratulations to us or even acknowledged that we just got married. The staff was argumentative and unhelpful when members of my wedding party and I were trying to make accommodations for late check in or check in by proxy (which was necessary because they were taking pictures with us all day). My brother-in-law and his wife reserved conjoining rooms for themselves with their small child and their in-laws, but they ended up 3 floors apart. The "shuttle" the provided for us to get to and from the venue was a nasty, rickety, old, rusty, van that looks like it was salvaged out of a junk yard last week. We were utterly disappointing once we saw it! The "stairs" for the van were a junked old 2 step from a kitchen that had several pieces of wood drilled and screwed into it to try and support it. Me, my husband, my parents, and my new in-laws had to wait at the venue for more than 40min to get picked up by the shuttle at the end of the night. The only thing my husband and I would have changed about our wedding is we would NEVER have booked and single room at this hotel, least of all for a wedding or any event that has any sort of meaning!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Good hotel, has a decent gym and the pool was the perfect size. Beds were very comfy, I had no trouble sleeping. Breakfast was good, menu prices were higher than I expected. Lounge area was warm although a real fireplace could easily replace the digital one they have installed. Unfortunately the pool and gym access was only via a single elevator.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was clean and nicely modeled. Unfortunately the pictures did not match up with the room types so you do not know exactly what you're getting and would have changed rooms if known. Refrigerator and microwave are not provided which is shocking based that even lower grade hotels have this as a standard, we requested it for the room and was then not told that it is a first come first serve basis based upon check in. We brought items that were needed and were expecting to refrigerate but then were not provided with it saying they were out and we'd have to wait until tomorrow. Had to call staff multiple times all night long and kept getting put off and different answers until the end when they said they had none. Forced to cover things in ice in the bathtub rendering that useless. Wi-Fi was decent not great, was able to stream, but quality would go out and buffer. Pillows were uncomfortable and squishy. Shower head came out of middle and not top of wall making it hard to shower and wash hair without breaking my back bending backwards. I would not stay in this hotel again. Over priced for the little you get.
Rating: 3
Text: Good hotel, but I've stayed at better Sheraton hotels. 
Rooms were good. 
My room did not have a mini refrigerator!
Fitness center was just okay. 
Overall not bad hotel, but you can do better if you have options
