Sheraton Indianapolis Hotel at Keystone Crossing
Rating: 3
Text: I’ve stayed in much nicer hotels for cheaper. The main lobby looks nice, and the staff member at the front desk was very nice and professional. The rooms could really use an update.  The window was very drafty and we were constantly cold due to the 20 degree air flowing in.  Room seems a bit dated, and the bathroom needs work. Mainly the walls and needs a new tub.  In today’s day, WiFi could be free, as it is in most lower budget hotels.
Rating: 4
Text: Had drinks with a work colleague. Server was professional and attentive. There was a good selection and the bar area was in good condition. Very good experience with no bad memories to speak of
Rating: 4
Text: I attended a 2 day symposium at this hotel and it was very nice. The facility was clean, bathrooms easily found and parking was free and plentiful. The lobby area was modern and open.
Rating: 4
Text: Decent hotel. We got a great deal on hotwire and for the price it was great. However, I would not have paid full price. The toilet ran all night and woke us up. The air has a sensor so when no one is in the room it is off. It never got really cool so we, especially my husband, stayed hot most of the time. The room was pretty clean, but there was a dead wasp on the floor and a hair under the sheets. Other than that very clean. For what these rooms normally go for you would expect breakfast, but that is only for "club members". The indoor pool was also not heated and freezing. Granted it was August, but we went for a swim in the morning and it was too cold to swim in. Overall the hotel was clean and most of the staff friendly. I would stay again at the same highly discounted rate, but would not pay full price to stay here. There are other hotels in the same price range or even slightly less expensive that I would prefer simply because of their amenities like breakfast and heated pool.
Rating: 5
Text: I visited the Sheraton for a conference. The set up was great. Everything was set up every nice. I had a great experience there.
