Sheraton Indianapolis City Centre Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: Room was fine, location was great. We were easily able to walk everywhere. All 4 elevators broke down the day we checked in. We had to take the service elevator to our room. They only had one elevator working the next morning so we took the stairs down 9 floors to check out.
Rating: 3
Text: I want to start out with the positives, because this hotel definitely has some. The staff is friendly and helpful and the hotel is very clean and in a great location. The beds are also very comfortable. The pool deck with views of the monument is very relaxing and gives with the feeling of having your own private roof top. Unfortunately, we had several problems to start the stay. We were told we could split the hold between cards upon check in when we made our reservation and then told we had to put it all on one card at check in. The water pressure for the shower is abysmal and I do mean abysmal. Borderline unusable. I was also less that impressed with the bottle of water sitting in our room with a $4 price tag on it. Come on Sheraton, you can provide free bottle water. That, or at least water not at 100% mark up and trying to basically what amounts to trick your customers into buying it. Overall, if I had to stay here again, I would be okay with it. That said, given a choice I would try something different. 
Rating: 2
Text: It's a nice hotel but for the price of this place you would think they would have working elevators. Several times I was stuck on the elevator for over 15 minutes as it went up, then down, before finally making it to the lobby. Or another time waiting and waiting for the elevator just for it to finally stop at my floor but it was full with no room. I ended up using the stairs. Not fun when you're on the 16th floor. I did have a very nice view and the room was very clean.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel has excellent front desk staff. Especially Tyler who gets five stars!. They were very helpful in allowing our bike's to be stored in a side room in front lobby.  The room was clean and well set up on the club level floor in addition to the view of the statue in the circle.  A roof top pool is nice on the 9th floor.  The club lounge offered snacks, water and pop 24/7. The breakfast in the morning was nicely done with eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit, pastries, and juices.  Great location for downtown Indy. Near the white river park plus Accra to bike trails.  
Rating: 4
Text: Great location right in the city center. Rooms are clean and well decorated. Very comfortable beds. Staff were friendly and courteous.
