Sheraton Columbus Capitol Square
Rating: 2
Text: I stayed here for the weekend for my husband's attorney ceremony. We got a king suite for our stay since it was just the two of us. 
Everything was great when we first got here. And that was pretty much it. 

We found ants in our bathroom. And we were on the 19th floor. Our mattress was also the stiffest mattress I've ever been on. For a suite you'd expect fluffy pillows and a comfy surface. Instead we had back and neck pain. I'm pretty sure I'm too young for back pain. You could even see indents where people had slept. Not to mention we had breakfast included only to be told the wrong times for breakfast and missed it on the second day by 8 minutes. The guy working it was very rude. 

If I'm going to spend the money to stay in a Sheraton I'd expect 5 star. I'm very easy to please. Clean hotel room and a comfy bed with knowledgeable and friendly staff. I'm pretty sure hospitality is a criteria for a hotel. This Sheraton in Columbus square needs to reevaluate some things. I won't be staying here again.

Might I also add that my in laws stayed as well and their heating and cooling wasn't working properly. The temperature was 87 degrees in their room. And it wouldn't adjust when they dropped the temperature. My mother in law's pillows and bed sheets smelled musky and they too had back problems.

We all had a wonderful experience when we stayed at a Holiday inn for my wedding. So if you're in this area just find a holiday inn. You won't regret it. And the breakfast is more than just eggs and bacon.
Rating: 4
Text: Sheraton was a great place to hang out at. The rooms were great and fairly large. Plus the lobby was always bustling and was looking good. The place had plenty of places to go to, inside and outside. There was a street pretty close by that had a bunch of food stores. Only downside, is that they do not serve breakfast in the mornings.
Rating: 3
Text: The Sheraton Capitol Square is a mixed bag for me. On one hand, the service from all the staff I interacted with (including the wait staff in the Plaza Restaurant) was excellent. On the other hand, the walls are paper thin and resulted in numerous distractions and sleep disruptions.

Staying in room 702, I could *clearly* hear my neighbours on either side. One snored (sounding like a chainsaw), and the other must fall asleep to the TV. Being woken up at 5 am to their TV was annoying (to put it lightly). The fact that I could hear their text-message notifications suggests that this is less likely due to them being inconsiderate, and more likely due to the hotel having poor soundproofing.

It's a shame, because this Sheraton otherwise has everything a business traveler would want: a central location in downtown Columbus, beautiful views from the room (mine overlooked the Capitol Square building), access to restaurants/shopping, and clean grounds/facilities.

The room was large and comfortable, as was the king-sized bed. It's just a shame that paper-thin walls only afforded me 4-5 hours of sleep each night. For that reason I won't return.
Rating: 4
Text: Great staff. Great views and location. Good rooms. Too easy to hear neighbors. Wasn't able to turn heat on: had thermostat set to 74 but room was at 69.
Rating: 3
Text: By far this was the best customer service from a front desk I have ever had. Glenda helped me tremendously getting checked in as quickly as possible while we had our crying newborn with us. She also helped me get pre-registered so when my parents who were watching the baby got there they could get right in. The next morning my parents had checked out but left their tablet in the room. Glenda again helped me by going up to the room with me and finding the tablet. She was wonderful and my only regret is not asking for a manager to tell them in person how great she was. The facility itself was not impressive. The floor in my parents room 1214 was mysteriously wet for the duration of their stay. When they would walk from the beds to the bathroom the hall area was squishy and soaked the whole stay. In my in-laws room 1525 there was a plug on the floor that had been smashed so the wiring was exposed. They also found empty liquor bottles and trash under the bed by the nightstand. Some of the ceiling lights and the sprinkler we're missing their covers so you could see into the ceiling above. The door was also incredibly difficult to open due to the handle not functioning properly on the inside of the door.
