Silo Farms Mobile Home Park
Rating: 5
Text: I've lived here 6 years and proud to call this home. Its quiet for the most part. I don't have any complaints.
Rating: 3
Text: Kent and Wendy Gilbert are terrible. The mobile home Park does have a pool and new playground equipment though. 
Rating: 2
Text: For the price you pay to live here you could easily have a nice apartment, and the lot rent goes up every year. Water quality is terrible, but for the most part the neighbors are decent. 
Rating: 1
Text: Don't move in this trailer court. The people here make promises they don't keep. The rent increases every year. The staff are unfriendly and uncaring which makes this a terrible community to live in. I politely ask the staff for years to fix their pipe to my house which every year they say they have ordered parts and will but never do. I have wrote owner letters and made phone calls and no reply has been given back. I pay rent every month on time and I can't use my hose to my house or may have my pipes freeze up on me due to their liability and they don't care how frustrated and unfairly I have been treated. I guess buy a house or buy a trailer someplace else before considering this place. Trailers are a lot of work and the parks cost rent. Make sure the staff are honest before moving in or it's like any other place you rent  but worst you need them to be a good landlord and do their job and here they don't. Lawsuits costs money and people would rather just move out and lot rent goes up every year to make up for the lost income. Neighbors complain and no one here is happy just some stay for now cause we own the homes. We all know it is not a good place to live in, given a second chance I wouldn't have moved here in the first place. Look around before moving in talk to some of the people here, they will tell you the truth, the office people will say they will do stuff for your property and make up all kinds of lies. Your rent will keep going up, repairs will be needed,  the managers and staff here won't respond to you, be unkind in their responses, or just make false promises. Read your contract before signing it and get advice if this is the right place for you. The staff here are only nice when they want you to move in, then it all changes and you may be stuck in a community which makes you follow rules and upkeep while they are unfair and threaten evictions or extra rent money if they cut grass etc. if they are not pleased.  There are many standards here and again we have to follow them or maintenance comes out with notices to us yet, they disregard our complaints to what a community needs to be or maybe what we need from them to make those standards happen. A house, apartment, or different trailer court would all be better choices then this place.
Rating: 5
Text: It is nice place to live and the mangers are very helpful and really nice
