Silver Beach Hotel
Rating: 1
Text: One star may be harsh considering we literally took our bags in, left for lunch, came back, and packed the car back up. Do not be fooled by the fancy photos of this hotel on the website. The lobby is nice, pool looked okay, the room was pretty junky though. The entire hotel smelled like Indian food, which isn’t a bad thing- if you’re dining in an Indian restaurant! We were pretty psyched about the bar in the hotel, probably the selling point for us. However, we arrived to find it closed for selling to minors. To say the least- $77 down the drain. Head on over to Benton Harbor, 10-15 minutes away, and stay at the Best Western. That’s what we did, and it was an extremely pleasant experience.
Rating: 4
Text: I am on a tight budget and have custody of my two grandchildren, so, we stayed in their less expensive "Antique rooms" for two nights (these rooms are more dated than the others). Even staying in those rooms I found the hotel and staff to be very decent. I don't understand some of the bad reviews. I think they come from people who travel in 5 star hotel class. This is not a 5 star hotel, nor do they advertise as such. Yes, it's old and out-dated! So!? It may not have been spotless, but it wasn't dirty. There are much more expensive hotels that have been much less clean. My room was clean, the FREE BREAKFAST was good, and I arrived at the time they ask you to check in (not before, as some do), and my room was ready. The general manager, Tiera, was amazing! She bent over backwards to make our stay very pleasing, she even directed us to some discounts available for local attractions. It's not as if you go to this hotel for the dining, dancing and entertainment... It's a nice place to stay while you enjoy the great town of St. Joseph., the beaches, shops, kid's museum, great carousel, splash pad and more. The hotel needs updating and some cosmetic improvements, but once that is done, I will give it 5 stars!
Rating: 2
Text: Positive: comfortable bed. Less positive: turned on water to take a shower--before getting in shower tried to adjust temp. Couldn't, something was broken, so for about thirty minutes hot water, full force, was coming out of tub faucet. I called the front desk, no one came up. I had to go down to the hotel front desk before someone finally came to fix it. The manager refused to adjust the bill. She was very practiced at this, I assume there's a fair amount of maintenance issues in the hotel. A bit of karmic justice: as I was leaving I heard a flapping sound and then heard steps running. A bird had escaped from this strange, large bird cage that was near the lobby. The bird flew to an elevator door and the manager was attempting to catch it.
Rating: 4
Text: Friendly staff! The rooms and hotel are dated, but clean. There is a bar, gym, pool w/ hot tub, business computer (no printer) and breakfast is HOT! Biscuits and gravy, eggs, waffles and sausage during our stay. Of course, there are also your normal of cereal, bagels, and pastries. Location is within walking distance of everything Saint Joseph. Enjoy all the local shops and local beaches. Great place to stay, although you may feel a little let down if you pay the advertised $250/night. At $80-125 it's fair given the age of the hotel and the amenities.
Rating: 5
Text: We have went to this hotel every year to celebrate our wedding anniversary.   I love staying here and enjoy the close proximity to the beach and downtown shopping!  Always clean and love interacting with the parrots they have in the lobby!
