Sleep Inn Louisville Airport & Expo
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed with this establishment on 9/30. I was in town on business but as I understand there was a big concert in town this night as well. I made my reservation in advance and had a confirmation number. The gentlemen working the front desk was extremely rude and informed my business partner that there was no room available even though we had a reservation. I understand that he was busy but his attitude was atrocious. To name a few, his exact words were "I can't give you a room we don't have" and "try the hotel across the street". The gentlemen did manage to miraculously find our room after I voiced my extreme displeasure. Again, I understand it was a busy night but if he had just asked us to wait a moment while he worked it out the whole unpleasant exchange could have been avoided. His attitude was completely uncalled for. In the future I will likely avoid staying with Sleep Inns.
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms are nice and clean, there's a "go green theme here. Every thing is allegedly recycled and that's cool Brandi the front desk lady was very nice and helpful. Let us check in early and even charge us. She actually gave us 200 extra bonus points. Now we have a free night! Thanks choice hotels ?!?
Rating: 1
Text: Room 202 STINKS! 

I stayed here Oct 19 2017. The stay here isn't all that bad unless you  mind the smell of musty mildew.  We asked the night "General Manager" as his name tag identified him, about getting another room.  He had no other rooms available so he gave us some Lysol to help neutralize the odor.  That worked temporarily. We came back from dinner and it still stank....

Long story short, after dealing with the nice GM at night, and the pleasant ladies there in the morning, they let me know nicely that the owner of the hotel probably wouldn't do anything to remediate the issue.

I won't stay at this hotel.  It's not simply because 1 room stank or because the hallway floors are all stained up.  It's because the employees already KNOW the owner doesn't really care enough about the customer to help resolve problems.  I won't stay here again until I know there's a new owner.
Rating: 4
Text: In town for a football game. Beds were fine, the rooms were updated and clean. All the TV you could possibly need. Staff was very kind and welcoming. I skipped breakfast but looked basic.
Rating: 3
Text: It was nice and clean. Even let us check in early since we came from Indy. My only complaint,,  they didn't apply my reward points to choice or Wyndom. Then when I called,  they couldn't find a record of our stay.  Less than 4 months ago? okay.
