Sleep Inn & Suites Airport
Rating: 1
Text: Never stay at this motel. It's advertised as a park and stay. We stayed and parked our vehicles for a week, was told a return shuttle would take us back to the motel, we just needed to call the motel when we land. (The shuttle that took us to the airport was a Sleep Inn marked shuttle).  We watched all the other area park and stay motel shuttles promptly pick up their customers... not Sleep Inn. We  called for a return shuttle when we landed,  was told it's on it's way.... long story short.... many phone calls to the motel.... we waited 45 minutes... was always told it was on it's way.... was never told that it was a different shuttle that didn't have Sleep Inn marked on it ( until the third phone call to the motel.... we saw the unmarked shuttle come one go.... why Sleep Inn didn't tell us this at the first phone call I don't know). We had to take a cab back to the motel to get our cars. Poor service! This Sleep Inn should not be a park and stay if this is how they treat their customers.
Rating: 4
Text: Extremely friendly and accommodating ! Great breakfast, eggs were not rubbery at all. Emily at front desk so helpful during our stay. Nice clean room, especially like that the two queen beds were in separate areas of room, almost like two rooms! Will stay there again on next trip. Only downside, tv not working very well and microwave looked  burnt out and also not working.
Rating: 2
Text: Mini refrigerator didn't work, ac barely had any air coming through it. Shower has little water pressure, had a one inch gap from the floor to the door letting in a ton of light, the door itself did not seal properly letting in light. Up side is the breakfast was probably one of the best I have had in a hotel. Oh and there is a prison just 2 blocks behind it.
Rating: 1
Text: I have always stayed in these motels in Ohio and habe always been pleased. That was the reason we booked here.  NEVER again. What a dump. Place is dated and bathrooms have black looking mold growing around the shower doors. When i spoke to housekeeping about the issue, was told all the rooms were like that.
Rating: 3
Text: I have stayed here twice this year (2017). It’s very close to the airport and the entrance to downtown. The rooms are adequate I just need a place to shower and sleep. The put out homemade cookies each night and they have a plenty to eat in the morning. Doors to the rooms are thin so you hear everything coming down the hallway.
