Sleep Inn & Suites I-70 at Wanamaker
Rating: 4
Text: Nice rooms, nice and hot and tasty breakfast and nice staff. Its a classy and clean place. The heater in the room barely worked and the shower pressure was non existent. Don't feel it was worth the $100/night. For that price, I feel I should have had An amazing and luxurious experience...
Rating: 5
Text: We had a great stay here! Continental breakfast was good, bed was comfy, the woman who handled our check-in was very friendly and helpful. The hotel is walking distance from several quick restaurants, including a Freddy's Steakburgers and a Taco John's. Convenient access to the interstate and nice and small with a safe overall feeling. Indoor pool open until 10 pm, so we were able to burn some energy after spending all day in the car.
Rating: 1
Text: My worst hotel stay in history. Pool was very cold, hot tub was broken, and that was nothing compared to what happened that night. It was a nice, cool 72 degrees outside that evening. My two dogs were staying in our car with the windows cracked open. At 11 pm that night we hear a banging on our door and my entire family (myself, my wife, and my three young kids) were woken up. Note that we had a 10 hour drive home that next morning. So at the door was a police officer. She told us that the girl at the front desk called because she was "worried about our dogs"! Yes, this really happened. The cop said that it is not illegal to keep dogs in the car when it's under 85 degrees. So we said, then leave us alone! A week later I tell the manager about this. He talks to the owner and their offer to me was nothing! They did not offer to give me any credits. They said that it's OK for their staff to do this if they're concerned. So do yourself a favor and never, ever stay at this hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place.  Clean room. Great staff. Great looking pool and work out room. Definitely will stay here again and recommend to my friends and family.
Rating: 5
Text: It was great, one of the best breakfasts at a hotel I think I have ever had. Comfortable, bed was a bit stiff but I am acustomed to something much softer. Plan on staying there again if we travel back to Topeka for an overnight again!
