Sleepy Hollow Campground
Rating: 5
Text: So thankful to have found this campground when our truck was broken down! We stayed a week and the owners were very helpful throughout the process. It is very peaceful and we enjoyed and walks and hanging out with the ducks.
Rating: 3
Text: Check in was efficient and clerk was informative.  This is obviously an older park however, and the campground was just ok.  Had a rustic feel to it without being primitive.  Sites well shaded.  Bathrooms were clean.   With such a warm weekend, we were surprised to see the pool not functioning and could see that it hadn't been for quite some time.  The water in it was green and mossy. 
Park was full and we were on the hill.  The sites are close together and not real easy to get in and out of but we made it work.  We were there to visit local attractions so didn't really engage in the weekend activities they were having, other than ordering a pizza from the office on Friday night,  that when delivered to our camper was burnt on the edges and raw in the middle.  We tried to eat what we could but the toppings were so loaded with salt we just couldn't eat it and threw it away.  
One thing that we noticed was the horrible raw sewage odor coming from the lagoon.  I'm just glad we were up on the hill away from that stench wafting through the lower lying areas and driveway. 
They seem to do a good business as it was pretty busy most of the time we were there.  It's easy to find and close to most things you'd want to see in the area. 
All in all, it was just an "all right" stay.  Could have been worse, could have been better.
Rating: 5
Text: We had an AMAZING experience. We ended up calling pretty last minute for a one-night tent spot and the staff were super helpful and patient on the phone. We were able to get it right away. The site was quick of the highway and easy to get to. The staff at check-in and during our stay were so wonderful and accommodating and friendly. The grounds were beautiful and serene and so well maintained and really affordable. We couldn't have asked for a better place to rest.
Rating: 4
Text: We had a very pleasant stay. Everything is clean and maintained. Nothing fancy but the pond is very pretty. Near highway 80 which is a plus if your traveling or going to local attractions. Some highway noise but not enough to be bothersome. I would come back.
Rating: 1
Text: I was very very dissatisfied with this campground.......we pulled into our site-about 6-7 dog poop piles from a little to medium sized dog, some old and dried up, some fresh!!!!  We were on a hill.....so when you stepped out of your front door-you had to not only step down, but hold on!  We are a more interesting age & this is not safe for us.....they were not that busy & didn't want any part of changing our site-REALLY????  They are not the only campsite around, needless to say, we changed campgrounds!  There are other families on bigger hills than ours & I would NEVER accept the site that this one family is on.......& staying there for a few months-holy cow-they should be so grateful for those families that stay for a few months at a time-but I guess they DO NOT APPRECIATE THE GUARANTEED INCOME THAT THOSE FAMILIES PROVIDE!!!!  Well, we will never stay there again.
