Sleep Inn Kansas City International Airport
Rating: 4
Text: Just a 20 minute drive from the city, this hotel was at a great location. Staff was excellent and everything was just as expected. A nice little place to stay for a few days.
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly Staff, Cozy Clean Rooms, Comfy Beds and Pillows!! Large Showers!!! Fridge in every room!! Shuttle services. Jennifer H is so pleasant and helpful, makes you feel welcomed!! Emily is so sweet, Jake will make you laugh! Just to mention a few of the staff, but everyone is great!! Even the housekeeping staff is courteous and pleasant!!! Just a great overall experience!!!!
Rating: 3
Text: Picked the location as a mid-point of two day trips I was taking prior to attending a conference. The hotel was a little more "tired" looking than pictures reveal. The carpet in the hallway looks really worn and desperately needs replacing. The room has that horrible smell that I can never identify, but it always reminds me of something uses to cover the smell of smoke, even though it's a non-smoking room. The room is standard fare, no closet, just a rack to hang clothes from. The toilet and shower are behind a sliding door, sink area open to room. The beds are quite soft, I often felt i was going to slide off the edge. Small bar fridge included. The free breakfast is the usual yogurt, cereal, waffle offering and makes for a nice start to the day. I don't think I'd stay here again, just leaves me feeling a little dirty.
Rating: 4
Text: We used this hotel for airport parking. When we arrived around 4:15 in the morning, and the front desk attendant was asleep behind the desk. Once she woke up, she was pleasant. I had worked in hospitality management for 2 years and sleeping on the job, like in most industries, is grounds for termination, even if you're working the 3rd shift. The driver of the van was very nice and got us to the airport quickly and efficiently!
Rating: 5
Text: The inn was in a great location close to ecerything but just far enough not to be in the major city. The room was comfy and quiet. The bathroom and shower was small but perfect for our needs. The hot water was excellent. All in all we had a great stay and are looking forward to next time.
