South Shore Inn
Rating: 1
Text: A a two day stay at hotel over. It took them 45 minutes to check me in. Room was ok for stay but later got a call l stole 2 blankets l told them l didn't they called me a lier and a thief and charged my card $50. Had to call a friend that stays there to go there to check room. Comes to find out they never pulled sheets back to see blanket. Never called me back to apologize told me l have to wait 7 to 14 days to get my money back.  I recommend that you take a picture of your room before you check out.  I Should have known something was wrong l was the only person that rented a   hotel room for 2 day stay
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed at South Shore Inn after a day spent at Cedar Point. We were only staying one night so we didn't need a super fancy hotel. The room was clean, with clean sheets on the bed. The double bed was a little smaller than we are used to, but for one night it was fine. The front desk staff was super friendly when we checked in (even at almost midnight). The hotel was close to the park, took us about five minutes to get there, and it was easy to find. A big plus when you are tired from a long day riding the roller coasters. There was a pool and hot tub, we didn't use it but it looked nice. I would definitely stay here again the next time we visit the park and would recommend it to anyone.
Rating: 5
Text: Family trip to Cedar point. We checked in at South Shore at 2 am after driving for hours! The receptionist was extremely welcoming, gave us some bottles of water and made sure we had all we needed before we retired for the night. Check out was at 11, breakfast area is small but had  pretty good food. They even had a water slide at the pool! Will definitely stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was nice and clean. It was a good value for the money. They provided a free breakfast of cereal, toast, and bagels, nothing warm. The pool was also very nice. Our kids loved the water slides. It was only 2 minutes away from Cedar Point which was very convenient.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was decent. It had a separate area for bedroom, and a little living room area with a couch, tv, and table. Almost like a little apatment. And they allow dogs, which is why we stayed there. Three miles away from Cedar Point. Continental breakfast was not very good, but other than that, I would stay there again.
