Sparta Motel
Rating: 1
Text: If I could rate it a 1/2 star I would. This hotel is dicey at best. We only stayed here because everything else was sold out. They dry out their mattresses behind the hotel. See photo. I shot this on the way out. On a positive note, the owner was super nice and helpful. He didn't have an ice machine on site, so he gave us some from his residence...another room on site.
Rating: 4
Text: It was ok. Kind of shabby but decent
Rating: 1
Text: One star because you can't go negative stars. Where to start..

The first room we were in had no heat. Had a heater, but only blew cold air. We tried to call the front desk from the hotel with no answer. Finally used the cell phone and got an answer. After calling the front desk and complaining about this they got us a second room. The second room was dirty, but at least the heat worked... We thought... It blew hot air for a few minutes then started blowing cold. There was an electronic heater in the room that kinda worked, but the caution light kept popping on and it would shut off for 10to 15 minutes. So that room got quite cold. No worries you can take a nice long hot shower to warm up right?... Nope. Hardly got my hair washed and the water started getting cold. All this and the room was not what would be considered clean. The only good thing I could possibly say is the price was low. But for as completely horrible as the stay was its still too much. 

This hotel is in need of serious renovations. I will never go back. Hell I wouldn't rent one of those rooms for my animals to sleep in.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible. We are not super picky people, but I'm glad we brought sheet blankets and our own pillows. What ever is used to mask true odors is so bad that we had to leave the window open. We rearranged the curtain so air could flow, but not the light. It is simply so bad. Spend money on redoing bathrooms instead of TVs. This is a place for people to live weekly, and they do. However, it is a safe place to stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Pretty nice place for a day or two
