Splash Universe
Rating: 4
Text: I debated between 3 and 4 stars but I will give the better. We have stayed 3 times at the hotel and been to 2 parties. Last month we took a Girl Scout Troop of 8 and they were bored after an hour. The park is geared a little more towards 10 and under. The rooms have always been nice but the cabana change does not leave enough room for the general visitor below.  MUCH too cramped on the weekends. The life guards are great and staff is kind. Having the food court adjacent to the water and food allowed in next to the pools has to be some kind of sanitary hazard. There was so much gross wet food and trash on the floors it was disturbing. I feel the quality of the pool environment has steadily gone down. Please consider keeping the food in the food court and reopening the balcony for general pass holders. Thank you!
Rating: 5
Text: We went to Splash Universe for a birthday party, and it was our first visit. It worked great as a party location, particularly for the age of kids, mostly 2-6. It is perfect sized for parents with young kids because you can see almost everywhere. A few more life jackets would be nice, but that was really the only negative.
Rating: 1
Text: Where do I start? First our over priced room wasn’t even finished. No place to put our luggage. No where to hang coats. There was construction stuff left in our room. NO microwave! The over priced water park is freezing. I’m sitting in a jacket still cold ( swam earlier, freezing) won’t go back in. The only place to warm up is the hot springs and it’s closed! The “arcaide” well half the games don’t work with the game cards because they are “new”. This place is a joke. If you want to go to a nice water park for the same price then I suggest Kalahari. Complete rip off. Only good thing I can say is the employees are nice and they hire the mentally disabled which is awesome. Other than that don’t waste your time or money.
Rating: 1
Text: The WORST trip EVER!!! We booked a room that was supposed to have a king size bed, bunk beds and a living room area with pull out sofa. We go to check in and the receptionist couldn't find our reservation.  After waiting a good half hour or so she realizes she overlooked our name. Then without telling us she switches our room and ends up giving us a tiny room with 2 sets of bunks and a queen size bed all crammed together.  No living room area or sofa. We were still charged the price of the bigger room. It was Horrible! No where to sit and our teenagers were to big for the bunks.  The bunk beds look more like toddler size beds. Manager offers us hotel point cards to use on food and games to make up for it.  We agreed not knowing that the food was terrible and the game room was so small with the worst games and prizes! Then to top it off kids went swimming and found poop at the bottom of the pool. Disgusting!!! Water was so dirty.  We should of just asked for a refund and left.  Had the worst most uncomfortable night. Better off paying a little extra and going to Kalahari. We will never EVER step foot there again.  We will NEVER recommend this place to anyone.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a wonderful place to bring your kids. The water is clean and life grades are ready to help just a foot away from you and your kids .the staff is always there to serve you.the rooms are seat up to make it fun and feel safe for kids .the patients feel relaxed knowing they don't have to weary about a spill or that they might brack something. And they have a wonderful bar of Frank's for the grown ups. We had birthday party there last year and the restaurant was a awesome place to gather people and get some fast food. One time they were closing and we needed last ment eats and the bartender helped us out. Because we had expected change. I go there every year with my family because most importantly the affordable price.
