Sportsman Inn
Rating: 1
Text: I had to stay the night in this little well little town. There were only two hotels...this being the better of the two. When we drove up....there was no one else out there. It actually reminded my son of some horror movie. We checked in, and went to a room 112 - it was a cold so we turned on the heater - which smelled really bad. There was only 6 channels on the TV which none was really good. We sat for an hour before my son was creeped out. You could not lock the doors from the inside - it was only on the outside. So I finally decided we would go to another city and get a room - for it was really dark and scary in this area. There was nothing for 1/2 a mile. I asked the lady for a refund - and explained that my son was not going to be able to sleep here, that he was scared. She started yelling at me, telling that I used the room, the bathroom and the fridge. I told her politely to check the room - that we just sat in the chairs and watch a little tv. She started yelling at me in her native language and I was bewildered. A man came out and told her just to do the refund - and she started yelling at him. I seen the Kansas business license and asked who this person was, she told me I dont know. I was really confused. She got on the phone and started talking with someone half english and half her language. As I was getting ready to just walk out and say forget it, the man grabbed my card and told me that he would refund me half my money, that was the best he could do....and when she seen him doing this, she started yelling again in her language.
RUDE service~not to mention that it was rather scary there. There were no outside lights for the building. It was on the side of the highway, nothing for 1/2 mile. There were holes in the ceiling when you walked around I think they only use the two rooms up front, for the other rooms looked closed up, as if maintenance was going on. I would not recommend this place to anyone!
Rating: 5
Text: Clean rooms
Rating: 2
Text: I was just wondering if the second person woks for the hotel.of a friend of theres???
Rating: 4
Text: I had my wife and three kids (my little girl is only 3 months old) with me on our way through Kansas. Not wanting to take I70, and after stopping at the prairie grass preservation, we found this place about 9 pm on a Sunday night. The lady, who is of Indian decent was very nice and showed me different rooms-we decided on a connected room with one king and two queens. The room was clean and nice. We were the only one's there and felt completely safe. The other review is BS-scared? come on-It's Kansas! If you're a pilot-the municipal airport is right there-a nice little layover or a stop to traverse the plains! Storm chasers will also like this location!
Rating: 1
Text: 
