Spring House Inn
Rating: 1
Text: DON'T GO TO THE SPRING HOUSE INN!
I have been going to the Spring House Inn for 15 years and up until this past Saturday I have always had a Wonderful time! That is until Oct. 7, 2017!

I called last week to make my reservations and I specifically request Non-Smoking and a whirlpool room. I have had a whirl pool room in the past and there never has been a problem with smoke and mold in the room.

The Inn is in disrepair, wallpaper coming off the wall will mold on the wall around the bathroom mirror and around the whirlpool. Swimming pool crumbling and loose cement in bottom of pool. No towels at pool side! Blood on blanket in the room, on and on.........

I made complaints to the desk clerk and was told there was nothing he could do for us other than move us to another room on the 3rd floor, ours was on the 1st. My husband and I are senior citizens and can't climb stair very well. the 3rd floor! and no elevator! I was told the manager would be in on Sunday afternoon and that I should call them to complain, so I did and it only made me angrier. She told me there was nothing she could do for me as I had refused to move to the 3rd floor when the night clerk had suggested it!

The desk clerk expressed his displeasure with management and the current condition of the Inn. The day clerk said they couldn't do anything for us and expressed their displeasure with management. The house keep in the hall expressed her displeasure with management and the hotels condition. Non smoking rooms with smoking room in between them.

It is Tuesday and I am still having trouble breathing!!! It was HORRIBLE, people smoked all night! 
Blood on our blanket, dirty air filter on the heater/air conditioner filter.
I will NEVER go to Spring House Inn again. I Recommend that you Never go at all!!!!
Rating: 3
Text: nice cozy charming place.friendly staff. location is perfect! close to Indiana Dunes, in the wood. This place has a potential! but is a little outdated. Bathroom was clean with fresh clean towels different sizes. but need new shower curtain (clean but with holes) and curtain rod. In a bedroom - they need new mattresses, not so firm like now. New bedding also could help. this one now is clean but I found a hole in a blankiet. new carpet should help also. and I found two holes in a curtain. probably because they are old.
Rating: 4
Text: Love the location, close to Lake Michigan and its state and national parks.  It is an older building, with older decor, but clean.  The mattresses more on the firm side than I would like.  Towels small and thin, so I used my own for my shower.  For the rate, though, it is worth it and I plan to return.
Rating: 3
Text: If not for warm and inviting staff, the review would be lower.  Indiana needs to ban smoking indoors completely.  I stayed with my fiance for two nights in the "Non-smoking" wing of the hotel.  Regardless of signs prohibitting smoking in surrounding rooms, our neighbors seem to have cared less.  Our room smells of cigarette smoke.  The gym downstairs not only smells of it, but reeks of it.  I'll be glad to be home.  If you find yourself to be a human being with a slight allergy to carcinogens, this is probably not the place for you or your family.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice location, seems like it's located in the woods close to the highway. Free breakfast but it was all gone an hour before it was suppose to end. Very hard mattress and comforter with holes in it. Bedding definitely needs to be refreshed, fairly clean.
