SpringHill Suites by Marriott Lexington Near the University of Kentucky
Rating: 4
Text: We were pleasantly surprised by our room.  Some other recent reviews mentioned quality problems but our room was spacious and clean.  There was a slight odor of cleaning products, about what you'd expect.

They have a pool and a hot tub.  The pool is pretty small, just enough for a family to play in but you're not going to be doing laps, even if you're by yourself.  The hot tub was small but comfortable.

The room is pretty big and has a neat layout.  It's divided into a bedroom and sitting room.  They've also taken the standard-issue microwave, fridge, and coffee maker, added a small sink, and made a kitchenette.

I do have a gripe about the location, which is on a busy street with poor sight lines.  Taking a left out of the shared driveway is difficult.  You have to pop across two lanes of left-coming traffic into the center 'turning' lane, then merge with to right-coming traffic.
Rating: 1
Text: DANGER!!  Holiday Season is approaching.  Consider an alternative hotel. 
Parking Lot auto break-ins and theft are a normal weekend Issue.  Owner and Staff are aware of the problem and refuse to install Parking Lot Camera's.  NO notification of this problem by Staff or Postings.  Over 17 SERIOUS Police Reported occurrences from May 1 to July 1.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel. Clean rooms. Very comfortable bed. A most excellent breakfast. Overall: very satisfied.
Rating: 4
Text: I think this is a great hotel. I think the bathrooms could be improved, but this is amazing. I would come back again.
Rating: 2
Text: We did not have a great stay. One of the beds had brown stains on the sheets. The room smelled extremely strong of bleach. The weirdest part was that our room was so humid even though the air was on. It felt like everything had a layer of moisture on it. The carpet was almost damp from moisture. The free breakfast was not good at all. We used a third party booking website, so we did not pay a lot, and apparently you get what you pay for.
