SpringHill Suites by Marriott Columbus Airport Gahanna
Rating: 3
Text: My stay wasn't that great and I can't say I'd recommend this hotel to anyone. For starters there were multiple health concerns and things that needed to be fixed in my room. The bed was very squishy, which I personally didn't mind but my mother complained about it hurting her back, so if you have back issues these beds aren't for you. Secondly the bathroom was very bare bones, there wasn't even a trash can in it, in fact the only trash can in the whole giant room was under the sink, and the sink is placed outside the bathroom. The beds were filthy, one sheet didn't fit the bed so it kept coming off, which revealed what I believe to be a urine stained mattress. The bathroom also had no proper vent, it did have what I believe to be part of the air conditioner but it was beyond filthy. Other disgusting things include a tower that had make up on it that none of us used, and dried tooth paste on the mirror. After all that the staff didn't even show a bit of concern, they didn't inform anyone of the problem after we notified them, and to top off the cake they made us pay full price for the garbage can we slept in. The only reason this has 3 stars is because I somehow got a good nights sleep, but it was probably just because I was tired. After all this considered, my final word for the possible customers reading this is to just go to the Hampton down the street.
Rating: 3
Text: Very nice rooms with polite staff, but very close to the airport, so you can hear the planes flying in all night. Otherwise, very good hotel.
Rating: 3
Text: This was a nice clean hotel. This is near the airport and The kids got to see The low flying planes from our room windoe, which they enjoyed. The pool was a little small and the hot tub was very hot. The breakfast was good. Over all it was nice and I would consider staying again.
Rating: 1
Text: Checked in around 10:30, (the parking areas are not very well lit which was off putting as I was traveling alone (the woman at the front desk allowed me to park at the side of the hotel near the entrance) the woman at the front desk was very friendly checked me in and I went on to my room. Upon pulling back the blanket I found my sheets had stains on them. I went down to the front desk and informed her of the issue. She offered to get clean sheets or a different room. I opted for the new room, she got a 2nd set of sheets as well. I immediately  checked the sheets in the new room and they  appeared to be clean however when I pulled them back the mattress protector had hairs all over it. I stripped the bed and put on the new sheets as it was too late at this point to check out and find another hotel. I proceeded to take a shower only to find buildup on the soap holder , stains on the shower curtain, and rusted out fixtures. There is an odd smell when walking through the hotel as well. 

I returned to the front desk to make them aware, she allowed me to cancel my 2nd night without a fee. Over all the staff is very nice and accommodating the hotel is just not what it appeared to be and what I have come to expect from a Marriott chain.
Rating: 5
Text: The room was very nice. Breakfast was ok (no bacon, no waffle maker and turkey sausage?!? Gross!). Staff was friendly. Everything seemed clean. I would go back.
