Springfield / Route 66 KOA Holiday
Rating: 2
Text: I made reservations to stay 3 nights in September(21-23).  I made the reservation in person on 1 August at this KOA office and specified a particular space (#71).  The office personnel assured me all was fine and that the space was mine for those 3 nights.  My confirmation email of the reservation also identified space #71 as being assigned to us.  We were all set; not so fast.  Upon arrival at this KOA on 21 September we found that we had been arbitrarily moved to a different space.  The staff was reluctant to give us the space we had reserved despite it being on the confirmation email.  Glad I saved it. We were told it is KOA policy to not reserve or guarantee particular spaces because it may be necessary to move customers depending on capacity; and that it is not customary for a confirmation email to identify a specific space for this very reason.  The staff could not explain why my email listed a specific space.  If that is the policy then that should be explained at the time of making a reservation, particularly when someone wants a specific space; not to mention it would have been nice to have gotten a  courtesy call or email informing us that we were being moved to a different spot.  The day of arrival is not the time to find out.  Only after a 30 minute discussion were we finally assigned to the space we had reserved.  Needless to say check-in was not pleasurable. Lastly, the clean up after your pet policy needs to be enforced as well as the requirement to keep your pet on a leash.  I saw multiple violations of the "leash law" despite on-duty staff being present and witnessing same.  Next time we will drive the extra 45 minutes and stay in Branson.
Rating: 5
Text: The owners are very friendly an the staff is very friendly. You can get pizza beer ice wood delivered right to your door. A very quiet good place. I give it 5 stars definitely a good recommended place!!?
Rating: 5
Text: We are avid State Park campers. This was our first trip to a KOA. Let me tell you, I am blown away by this particular campground! The accommodations were beyond stellar, the campground is impeccably clean, the amenities (ice cream social, amazing pool, photo booths, yard games, tether ball, dog park, fire pit, gas grills, Rec room, store ect) were all so well kept and amazing to have for us and our little ones. The customer service given by the King family (owners) and staff was top notch. There is not a single thing I can complain about! Our littles were even given a "train" ride by Mr. King! They had the time of their lives. I have never, in all of my camping adventures, experienced a less stressful "camping" trip! We cannot wait to come back, we haven't even left and are already trying to figure out our next days to book! The place is extremely family friendly, no loud, drunken partying (on Labor Day Weekend, can you believe?) They also have the cutest cabins for rent. There is a Hunts Pizza on location and the pizza far exceeded our expectations and was so inexpensive! Please, do yourself a favor and stay a night or two! You won't regret it!
Rating: 4
Text: The grounds are nice, but I don't need your opinions on why I want to rent a cabin when I am hauling a popup camper.  Also the app and website are for the convenience of the traveler, so the reservation system needs to be checked frequently.
Rating: 5
Text: We drove cross country and this was the cleanest and nicest bathroom by far!  We came in late and really enjoyed the pizza delivered to our campsite.  All staff we encountered were kind and helpful.  It was a great place to stay!
