SpringHill Suites by Marriott Omaha East/Council Bluffs, IA
Rating: 4
Text: The location is parallel to I-29. The hotel is across from the Mid-American Conference Center and Bass Pro Shop. There is a variety of restaurants in the area and the front desk has a nice selection of delivery menus. There is a complimentary breakfast. The shuttle provides transportation to the airport,casinos and any other place within 5 miles of the hotel. There is also a pool, whirlpool, and exercise room with an adjoining patio with a grill. The suites are spacious and the beds are comfortable.
Rating: 4
Text: Bed is ok. We slept well. People were friendly. 

There was mold on the shower curtain. They promptly replaced the shower liner. 

Breakfast:
We were early to breakfast and expected things to taste decent. Instead we experienced the following:
- Flavorless waffle
- Watered down orange juice
- Tough rubbery eggs
- Bananas are very green 

All that said, I love the place! I think the food was just a temporary situation.
Rating: 3
Text: The location isn't the best compared to the other lodging options in the area. This Springhill Suites location is maintained very well, all common areas and rooms are clean and stocked. The complimentary breakfast could have been better quality, but hey it was good enough for free.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst hotel I have been to in many years, if not all my life.  We stayed for 2 weeks and that is because they had our money tied up.  During my stay there were TV issues and they refused to move us or change out the TV then they charged me for a TV that we didn't even break.  The neighbors were complaining about bed bugs really bad and that is when I looked at our beds, the beds are very worn out and nasty looking.  The mattress were not comfortable, stained badly and worn very badly.   The drain was so clogged that when you showered you would be standing in water.  The breakfast was not good at all.   You would think a name like Marriott would mean quality, think again not this location.  Motel 6 is better quality than this place.  They told me they would get back to me regarding this matter with in 48 hours so I waited to post my review to see if they would rectify the situation, here it is 2 months later.   Very bad customer service. Save your money and stay in Motel 6 because they are way better!!!   1 star is way too much to give this hotel....
Rating: 4
Text: It was a nice hotel. Right off the interstate and relatively easy to access. Breakfast was typical - nothing fancy. If the price was right, I would stay here again.
