SpringHill Suites by Marriott Chicago Elmhurst/Oakbrook Area
Rating: 3
Text: Thanks to my Google Maps GPS, I was able to navigate my way through the suburbs and find my way right to the hotel even though I am quite Unfamiliar with the area.

The room was a unique layout that I have never seen before in any of the hotels I have stayed at. I didn't need a separate seating area, or a separate kitchenette area, but I'm sure if you traveled with a family a little separation would have been appreciated.   it did seem a little dated, like the rooms might not have changed over the past decade or so. But that is simply my opinion.

The bed was comfortable, and the four and a half pillows on it we're very nice.

The shower was another story, I took a shower 4 separate times during my stay, and the water never got hot at all. turned all the way towards hot it was only lukewarm. And I love a good hot shower. The other thing that gave me pause, was the tub itself. The tub floor.... it all angled in, I'm sure it was supposed to help with drainage, but it made me feel like I was standing on a hill while trying to wash my hair... and I did not like that.

I was slightly disappointed in the "hot breakfast". My first day there I made sure to get down early as to avoid a crowd. You could make your own waffles, and the only other things that I saw that we're "hot" were oatmeal, scrambled eggs, and some kind of spiced potato.  I originally opted for the scrambled eggs, but they were not good, so then I opted for a bagel that I toasted myself. Bonus points for having orange juice that came from a dispenser, and not just cartons in a fridge.

 the only other incident that I ran into during my stay, was the key card. I had to go back down to the desk when it would not let me back into my room. I waited politely while the lady behind the desk waited on another customer, I did not want to make a scene, I just wanted my card recharged so I could get back into my room.

 I interacted with Hotel staff about 5 times during my stay, and each time they were exceptionally polite and always smiled at me. That goes a long way in my book.
Rating: 4
Text: The lobby of the hotel was nice, and seemed very professional. The lady who helped me check in at the front desk was very helpful, and even gave me a map of nearby placed to eat without me asking for recommendations. My room however, seemed a little out dated, and there was mold in the bathroom. I would certainly stay here again, but I would hope to get a room with a nicer bathroom.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was decently priced and in an easily accessible area. The furnishings felt a little outdated and our bathroom was a bit too small. The breakfast area was also very cramped and it made it hard to move around.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were nice and clean. Furniture was comfortable. Though not enough waffle irons at breakfast
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed here overnight with my colleague while attending a business meeting conducted in one of the conference rooms.Very cleaned and professionally managed.I recommend them to anyone
