Spring Mill Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Spring mill is a wonderful place to relax and enjoy nature. They have an inn (lodge) for overnight stays, that was built in 1930s. They offer one and two bed rooms. The inn has a dining room,  that serves a buffet 3 times a day. You may also order off a menu. The park has an admission fee. Also a prairie village fro the 1800's. The prairie village has a host of buildings and cabins housing a blacksmith shop, Carpenter shop, leather shop, loom weaving shop, a garden and a working mill powered by water coming from a cave. The park itself has a host of trails, a Gus Grissom memorial (one of the NASA astronauts) a cave a pioneer cemetery.  Just a wonderful place to relax for a few days or a week. The lodge has a game room with ping pong, billards, video games and a swimming pool.
Rating: 4
Text: This Inn was absolutely gorgeous!  Authentic Country Inn, it was like stepping back in time. Quiet,gorgeous setting, staff was top notch and extremely friendly.  Great rates. The dinning room offered a buffet that was delicious or you can order from the menu, where they also offer a vegetarian selection.  All in all,this place was a real treat. I highly recommend staying there. 
Rating: 5
Text: We just spent 2 nights at Spring Mill Inn with 2 of our grand children, ages 9 & 7.  Our first visit to Spring Mill Inn was about 40 years ago. We have stayed at the in many times over the years. We all loved the rustic feel of the Inn. That is what has continued to bring us back again & again.  We enjoyed this most recent visit just as much as we did our first. 

Our room was very clean, comfortable & quite. We ate 4 buffet meals in the dinning room. The food & service were great. 
Spring Mill Park also has a lot of activities to do. The kids enjoyed  it so much, they did not want to leave.
Rating: 2
Text: I'm the type of person who eats my food if it's wrong, I don't tend to complain, but spring mill really disappointed me this last time. The staff was super stressed while checking me in. My boyfriend and I went to pour some drinks, and a used plastic cup and a wrapped plastic cup was all we had in our room. When my boyfriend went to take a shower, the old shampoo and conditioner were still in there. It made me wonder if they had even cleaned our room at all beyond making the bed, was I sleeping in fresh sheets or used? It really added a gross overtone to our trip. We also woke to the power being out, but that wasn't really anyone's fault. I've visited all the state park inns in Indiana except Turkey Run, and Springmill was by far the worst. 
Rating: 1
Text: PLEASE READ: We had to wait to check in for about 30min after our estimated time...there was a tree down from a storm first night and we lost power from 2am-9am or maybe closer to 10am...throughout the night it was a sauna so hot and we had two small children 1 and 2 and preggo with us of course THEN as other people started to awake in the night we found bed bugs...we were hassled on the night shift...because they had no power they couldn't locate a different room...then we had to use stairs to transfer our stuff with not trolleys or help offerred...in the dark...to another room...when we finally got one... we had to of course check the other room and go through all of our belongings...we were all up due to heat...some needed medical eqipment for sleep and myaelf cant sleep without my fan...so this was all at weeee hours in the night/morning...because we were all exhausted we gave it another shot aside from bugs which freak me out due to a family gathering and pending 2 hour drive with a previous shift of 12hours the night before and no sleep at all not to mention I was invited as family of family...side note family from previous year stated how a/c was out the year before which i did not attend...place and park so beautiful and understanding as I work in public that things do happen...breakfast of course not able to be served...then I ate at the buffet for lunch where the waitress didn't get us drinks for ten minutes we were already eating and waiting on an additional set of silverware for my bf along with drinks...food was pretty good but it was $52.00 for four people and they automatically charged $61 and some change for gratuity...i never would tip almost $10 for someone to less than avg serve me a drink...im very disgusted esp if I end up paying full price at this point and although the trails scenery and other ammeneties is very amazing and beautiful I'd choose another place to lodge at!! p.s. no cell service
