SpringHill Suites by Marriott Louisville Airport
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel was a very nice stay for our purposes. We came in for Kentucky Kingdom and stayed one night; this place is very close to the entrance. Room was great! We had a suite with 2 full beds and a sofa bed. There were 3 adults and 4 kids and we fit just fine. Bathroom was nice, beds were comfortable, breakfast spread was good! There was oatmeal, pastries, cereal, eggs,potatoes and sausage, fruit and they were constantly refilling things. The only downfall was that the comforter for our pull out bed was dirty,but we took it to the front and they gave us another one no problem! Would definitely recommend this place and stay again if I'm back in town. 
Rating: 5
Text: Huge room. Very very nice. Awesome complementary breakfast buffet. Loved the free shuttle service. The shuttle dropped us off and picked us up from Kentucky Kingdom. This hotel was a great spot to stay for going to the kingdom. The room was so comfortable. Also enjoyed the 24hour lobby coffee. Would stay again. Thanks.
Rating: 5
Text: We just received feedback from another of our clients who stayed at the SpringHill Suites Louisville Airport and wanted to share their thoughts, because it really matches up with other clients who've stayed at this SpringHill Suites.

The staff has consistently not just helped our clients with everything they've needed, but always done so with a warmth and smile that honestly, many of our travelers aren't used to.  You can't put a price on kindness, especially when you're on the road so often.

SpringHill Suites has been a favorite because the rooms are modern and always laid out well.  Plenty of room to work or relax or for two people to do each at the same time.  On top of that, we've never had a client say the rooms and hotel for that matter were anything but clean.

Many of our clients are in late and out early, so breakfast becomes the most important meal of the day and in many cases, their best meal of the day.  This SpringHill Suites keeps breakfast stocked throughout the breakfast hours (for those who don't have to get out quite so early).

The SpringHill Suites Louisville Airport has done a terrific job with our clients, making our job so much easier.
Rating: 4
Text: I love the decor of the lobby, which is very modern, also a "market" in the lobby if you needed to purchase some items. Our check in was fast and easy thanks to Pamela, who was super friendly and helpful. The room was very spacious and had great furnishings. The location was a great place, a stone's throw from the airport and Kentucky Kingdom. They even offer a shuttle service to both as well as other venues. I really enjoyed my stay at the Springhill Suites and it felt like my home away from home.
Rating: 5
Text: Reasonably priced and nice people at the front desk. Very clean and very quite for being next to the airport. I also found that the free breakfast wasn't bad either.
