SpringHill Suites by Marriott St. Louis Brentwood
Rating: 5
Text: Large and clean room, very comfortable. The restaurant was good as well. I would recommend to check more often if there is enough soap or paper in the room, when we arrived we had to use our own shower gel and shampoo.
Rating: 5
Text: Check in/checkout process was very easy and took less than 2 minutes combined.  

Did not have the chance to check out the amenities but the rooms were very nice and updated. The shower was a nice change too! A different layout from the typical hotel design and was welcomed. It was very close to the grocery store for any snacks you may need and it was close to other restaurants as well. 

I would like to commend the gentleman who was in charge of breakfast on early Sunday morning 7/30/17. Never have I seen a hotel staff member work as diligently as he did to make sure that the breakfast buffet was fully stocked for guests. I will definitely be recommending this hotel to anyone in the area.
Rating: 5
Text: Great location with many restaurants and stores within short walking distance. Friendly, helpful staff. Small indoor pool. Bed was on the soft side. Will stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: We were given the handicap accessible room with 2 queen beds. The room was beautiful, service was excellent, and breakfast delicious. Staff went above and beyond with great forethought. Would definitely stay here again. If I were in a wheelchair, I would find out the space between the two beds, as transferring from a chair to bed might be tight. The bathroom and shower were great
Rating: 4
Text: Just OK. Hotel in general is kept in nice condition. Rooms, or "suites", are pretty small for any party over two people (we had four). And they are not true suites; rather, they are one room semi-divided by a partial wall. Nothing in the way of privacy. Housekeeping was mediocre.

The pool is a bit of a joke. It's indoors and nice, but about the size of our room. Literally.

Towel test: My new method for rating hotels. I want big bath towels. Give me small towels and get a lower rating. This place gets four stars for their towels.
