St. Louis City Center Hotel
Rating: 4
Text: If you're going to a concert at Scott Trade Arena this hotel is perfect because it's within walking distance. The hotel is clean and the rooms and bathrooms are big. However, one of the front desk women is very rude. We were checking in and she didn't say anything about parking to us, whereas we heard the other employee explaining parking to another guest. We asked if you could park anywhere on the second floor of the garage because some spots are numbered and some are not numbered. She looked at us like we were the most annoying people for asking her a single question. She just said, "Yeah, you're fine." No smile, no have a good day. Then the next we find out we have to have our parking ticket stamped at the front desk, thanks for telling us. I saw her later sitting in a side office on her phone while the only other desk employee was dealing with a long line of people. Most of the employees were nice but this woman could use a lesson in hospitality.
Rating: 4
Text: Went to Penned Con as a reader. The two rooms for the signing were large. I didn't know where I was going and a nice gentleman helped me find my way. I also interacted briefly with a woman trying to mop a high traffic area. I understand how frustrating it is for staff to clean with people undoing it in seconds, but she could have been more friendly. The lady at the front desk was also nice and approachable.
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT BOOK A ROOM HERE!!! This hotel is absolutely disgusting!! The shower had black mold and mildew growing in it as well as left over hair. We called down to have it cleaned but you could not tell a difference. We wore flip flops In fear catching something. The bedding did not have fitted sheets and it was very obvious that they do not change all blankets after each use. There were hair from many other people, GROSS!! Lots of trash under the dresser as well. If you book through Travelocity or a similar company they will NOT let you cancel your room. The parking charge was more than stated on the website with a $200 incidental charge at check in. I give this hotel an F.
Rating: 5
Text: Hotel has character, sure it could use some updates but it has a nice historic feel to it.

Rooms are HUGE and employees are great.  When I have had a question or needed something they are always willing to help.  I stay here once a year at least and found it comfortable and welcoming.
Rating: 4
Text: My husband and I stayed here for a night away and it was great. The room was VERY spacious and even though it was an older room, was well maintained. The bed and sheets were very comfortable. The only downfall was having to pay to park but that is expected in larger cities.
