St. Louis Union Station Hotel, Curio Collection by Hilton
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was great. Nice big rooms. Great full length mirror. Very nice shower. Both the light a fire shows were very cool. It has a really big lobby/lounge/bar where the light show is, very nice. Very nice staff. The only negative was at check in my staff member was in training and it took forever and kept going in the back and said something about taking a block off. I would say three other people got checked in while I was waiting for her to figure it out.
Rating: 5
Text: We were traveling with a 3-mo-old and 3-yr-old. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. This hotel has a historic feel and a classic train theme throughout. We ate at the hotel restaurant the Station Grille, and my husband said it was one of the best steaks he's ever had. The restaurant want very busy at the time, and the server offered to hold our fussy baby, so we were actually able to eat together. The hotel itself has impressive architecture and expansive halls.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel was beautiful. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Room was great but the bathroom needed a better cleaning. Light show in lobby is nice and they have a great bar on site. Starbucks also on site. Layout a bit confusing but overall enjoyed the hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: The service was great, very polite. The room was clean. They take a number from you "in case they need to reach you." I received a text from them asking about my room and if I was enjoying my stay. I assumed they had meant in case of an emergency so beware if you don't want to receive texts. Other than that I'd stay again
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel was very neat with its updated lobby and connection to Union Station, but that is where the positives about this hotel ended. The staff members are very inhospitable and rude. Also, the rooms themselves are less than adequate. The mattresses are stiff and made it impossible to sleep, the pillows are flat and provide no support, the air system has one vent that blows away from the bed and keeps half of the room cold and the other not, there was extension cords spread all around and shoved into spaces to provided needed power outlets, and the bathroom was slightly unclean with a shower head that barely provided any pressure. For the prices that are charged here you should feel like you're staying in a palace, and that's not what happens at all. Save you money and go stay in a Holiday Inn, it will be nicer and more affordable.
