STAGECOACH INN
Rating: 4
Text: Comfortable inn. Good location for the eclipse. Quality of the rooms fits the price point. Friendly staff. Near fuel and food.  Close to the highway. One oddity is that the town is located near the time zone change line so even though the physical location is in the Mountain time zone the cell tower is located in Central time so your phone might be an hour ahead of the real time.
Rating: 5
Text: We broke down just outside Ogallala. A bad experience was lessened with the great staff and nice room at this motel. Clean, comfortable and very nice for the price. The staff were extremely friendly and accommodating.
Rating: 4
Text: Easy to find right off the highway. Good amenities (HBO, mini fridge, hair dryer, iron, closet, coffee maker) for a very affordable price. The people outdoors were noisy sometimes and the included breakfast was small, but for supporting a local inn I had everything I needed. Gas station and restaurant right next door too.
Rating: 3
Text: Check in with smooth and the person checking us  was very friendly and helpful. Beds were okay, not super comfortable but passable. Swimming pool area was nice, the kids had a great time swimming. The only negative I had, where that toilet made a horrible noise as filling with water after flushing, not all of the outlets worked, and the air conditioner had a funny smell when it was running. I kept worrying that it smelled electrical and would start on fire sometime during the night.
Overall, not a bad stay for just one night. However, they were five of us total and even with a rollaway bed it was a pretty tight fit in a 2 queen bed room. We didn't stay for breakfast, but only because we had already eaten waffles and such every morning for five morning straight and wanted something different.
Rating: 3
Text: Room wasn't super clean around the edges. There were used cups behind the night stand and lots of dust bunnies behind and under stuff when I was searching for outlets. Bed was comfortable and shower was nice and hot
