Starved Rock State Park Campground
Rating: 4
Text: A fantastic family camping experience!! We stayed in spot 6, which was right by the pit toilets (basically a port-a-potty, but in a brick building), and a short walk to the flushing toilets and showers. The men's room had 1 flushing toilet, the women's room had 2. Both restrooms also had 2 showers. There was always 1 roll of toilet paper in each stall but we carried a roll with us to be safe. None of us had problem flushing the toilets. I only gave 4 stars instead of 5 because we were hoping my 9 year old would be able to play on the playground, but it is actually just one swing set with 3 big kid seats and 1 baby holder swing. Since the campground was completely booked, there were always kids swinging. There is a 24 hour firewood vending machine inside the gates that took credit cards which was pretty cool. You would pay $7 for a bundle of firewood. Also, the outside gates were locked at 10pm so you couldn't drive in or out after then. There was a cool little general type store out of a garage called Jacks (signs were posted up when leaving the campground) a few minutes away from the campground that has better hours than the store on the property. Jack is a older gentleman with an awesome sense of humor and great deals on ice and firewood. At the grounds, we kept our food in coolers in the car and didn't have any racoon or animal problems. The bugs weren't too bad, but we did wear the mosquito repellent bracelets and had a citronella candle burning. I highly suggest bringing flashlights, extra batteries, toilet paper and bags for garbage! My family will definitely be staying here again!
Rating: 4
Text: I was pleasantly surprised at how wooded this campground is. We got a site on the outer edge of the loop and there were some cute little trails for the kids to hike back into the woods. That being said, sites were really close together.  Staff were really great and gave us free wood that other people had left behind.
Rating: 3
Text: The campground is okay. Good sized lots, fit our camper easily. Decent bath houses. A nicer playground for all of the kids would be great - currently they only have a swingset in the loop where we camped. It also looked as if they hadn't mowed the grass in months leading up to the holiday weekend because of mounds of cut grass everywhere.
Rating: 5
Text: One of the best places for camping! The staff were super nice! They were very accommodating, friendly, and understanding. They went out of their way to help resolve my mistake in making reservations. Thank you!
Rating: 2
Text: For being Starved Rock's campground (which is a super nice state park with a beautiful lodge), this campground isn't great. The shower house was the worst - you have to push a button repeatedly to make the water come out, and the water has no temperature control. First it's freezing cold, then once the hot water kicks in it's scalding. Really expected more from the campground after having been to the Starved Rock visitors center and the lodge.
