Staybridge Suites Springfield-South
Rating: 5
Text: Nice, clean and quiet.  Bed seems comfy.  Room is spotless. Enjoyed the happy hour of a light meal, glass of red, and dessert.
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly and helpful staff. The amenities are great , pool ,exercise room, laundry facilities , beautiful patio and social hour is great.With social hour you get to meet other guests. Food and the beverages are great
Rating: 2
Text: Even though I had early check-in, I was forced to wait several hours until I could get a room. The front desk representative, whom was rather snotty honestly, want much help. Her only response as to why I couldn't check in was that, "Early check-in is not guaranteed." That's a rather poor excuse. I allowed her if she could call me when a room was available, which she said she would. She never did. I had to eventually call to see if my room was ready. My room want awful, beside the fact I was put I a handicap room, to which I'm not handicap. I decide to also use the pool during my stay. The room for the pool was really warm to the point of uncomfortable. The water was cool, but even though it was my skin was still real hot from the room. As I was swimming, there was also a family that had small children. There was a janitor that was cleaning the bathrooms at the time that seemed to be watching the small children more than clean. It made me feel rather uncomfortable. I tried to tell the make janitor about a brown substance at the bottom of the pool, which turned it to be sand even though there's nowhere on the hotel grounds that had sand, and the janitor said nothing toward me. He just stared at me and then went back to staring at the kids. When I went to check out in the morning, they tried to make me pay for my room even though it was already paid with points. Overall, I'd rather not stay at this hotel again.
Rating: 3
Text: Beautiful remodel, but they put us in two dirty rooms before they found one housekeeping had cleaned. They were nice about it though.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were nice but could be alot nicer. Service was terrible. I tried geting a drink fro. the soda fountain and it sprayed everywhere. Then an employee ran up to me and said that they turn off the machines when its not breakfast time.
