Staybridge Suites Indianapolis Downtown-Conv Ctr
Rating: 2
Text: First time visiting here. Was like pulling teeth from the desk staff for directions to the parking garage.
Eventually found it after driving around the block.
Pull out sofa couch and chair are for short people, and worn out.
Beds seem comfy, plenty of pillows. Good quality.
Wouldn't hurt to have a few bottle comp waters in a full size empty refrigerator.
TV in couch area is not responding to the remote. We prefer the bedroom TV anyway.
Overall not impressed with this facility, will try another place next time.
Rating: 3
Text: My friends and I stayed here during gen con. The hotel is nice for the most part.  It was nice that they had close parking for 18 a night.  Our last hotel was around 30.  The breakfast buffet was good but didn't have too many healthy options.  The room was spacious with a half kitchen and even had plates, silverware, and storage containers.  The big disappointment was that their pull out sofa was uncomfortable.  Many of the springs were broken so we had to put it on the floor.  We told management but they smiled and didn't do anything about it.
Rating: 4
Text: Location and parking was easy to get to. Staybridge has their own parking lot in the back of the hotel, which made things convenient. It was about a 1 mile walk to the canal, which was great, then another 10-15 min walk to monument circle. Breakfast area was clean, though options seemed a little limited. Employees seemed more than willing to help and provide suggestions. Bathroom was a little small and just a standard plastic tub/shower.
Rating: 5
Text: Love this hotel, and everyone in it! Exceptional rooms, and such a good view of Lucas Oil! The entire staff, from desk, to housekeeping, to kitchen staff, is always friendly and smiling. Parking is amazing considering it's a downtown hotel! The "pantry" is great for those midnight snack cravings.The renovations in the lobby area still look amazing well over a year and a half later!
Rating: 4
Text: I was just here to hang out and grab some drinks with a friend but the hotel was lovely, the rooms spacious, and having a full kitchen is awesome. Also enjoyed the hot tub while visiting. It was really nice. I can't speak for the beds or anything else as I wasn't there long so not a 5 star review but I'm sure that stuff is great as everything else is.
