Staybridge Suites Kalamazoo
Rating: 1
Text: Great staff, good amenities, poor housekeeping. My original room seemed okay at first glance, the bathroom was clean and the room was neat. Then I started noticing stains on the floor, walls, curtains, bed, floor - everywhere. I didn't notice any bedbugs, but I found wads of tissues and clumps of hair in the dresser. Checking under the bed i discovered a very thick layer of dust, pieces of food, used crusty towels, used pillowcases, misc. Trash, and worst of all a USED diaper. I immediately went downstairs and asked for a new room describing what I found. The man at the front desk was very courteous and polite and quickly found me a new room. The second room was noticeably cleaner and free from stains, however there was still a thick layer of dust, crumbs, and a dog toy under the bed. The toilet bowl had a ring of mildew that was very noticeable with the seat down. The coffee pot had a thick layer of grime that a hot soapy soak could not get rid of and the freezer was leaking into the fridge. Housekeeping at this location is absolutely terrible to the point it becomes a health hazard. And for that, I can only give this location 1 star and I feel that's still generous.
Rating: 3
Text: Arrived to a suite that was not properly cleaned. The dresser drawers had coffee grounds and popcorn seeds in them. The room guide was also completely written on and torn to shreds. The front desk staff was very nice and accommodating. The bed was fairly comfortable. The water pressure was low even for a hotel, and the water was very hard. The breakfast was the best part of the visit. There were eggs, waffles, sausage, biscuits and gravy and more. The wifi was pretty bad, and there were even connection issues when plugged into the data jack in the wall. For the price, I expected more.
Rating: 5
Text: Newly renovated rooms.  Like the comfortable layout.  Have stayed several times when visiting WMU.  Easy access when coming down from up North and convenient to get to Western.
Rating: 5
Text: Comfortable and clean. The crew is very friendly, the breakfast is great, and they give a light dinner for free from Monday till Wednesday. They have a charming inner yard, and a small pool. I can recommend them.
Rating: 5
Text: Loved this place. The staff is awesome, very polite and helpful. The rooms are great clean, and big. All things considered, the breakfast is well done. They also have a “social hour” with a small dinner for an hour or two. Saved me a lot of cash on food, haha. 

I would definitely stay here again, and I probably will soon!

