Staybridge Suites Rockford
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel in the Rockford area. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. Got a free room upgrade and room was huge. Breakfast was great as always. Great restaurants across the street and they even had happy hour but it was 2 lol. Beer wine and pizza. Great hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Robert(Bob) is so friendly, he is always happy to help.. he cares for me like his own daughter..

N Isabel.P greets me everyday during breakfast with a smile.. she always tries to make sure I enjoy and have a healthy breakfast..
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel. Excellent for long term stays. They offer free breakfast every morning and free dinner and drinks Mon, Tues, Wed. I will use Staybridge from now on while traveling for work.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice rooms, happy hour on Monday through Wednesday is a good deal (free beer and food)
Rating: 3
Text: I'm an over the road trucker!  I had stayed at Extended Stay America since they were built!  One day they changed and I left!  I chose Staybridge!  Most times have been good!  This last time has not been good!  I made my reservation a few weeks ago!  I tried to explain to Martha the type of room I need but she said Staybridge doesn't do that!   My husband and I got into town on 06/30/17!  I called to see if the room was available because I thought my reservation started 07/01/17!  First instead of checking Renee sent me to reservation!    I asked for Martha but was told she was in a meeting!  She was supposed to call me but never did!  After 3 phone calls I drove my semi to the Motel. Renee said Martha was in a meeting!  Liar!  I see Martha walking around doing nothing!  She would not come to the front desk!  If I'd been a man she would have been right there!  I've seen how she acts with male guest on more than one occasion!  Renee was not polite at all!  Isabel Sanchez witnessed the situation!  I asked to talk to Mike and all he did was cover for Martha!  I've felt like I've been lied to and been treated unfairly!  All the employees here go out of their way to make us comfortable!  This is not the first altercation with Martha!    I don't believe she deserves the title of Front desk manager!  Bob, Rich, Lisa and Shuntay always go beyond the call of duty to help us!  Like I said if I'd been a man at the desk she would have broken her neck to try to accommodate me!  Really sorry she spoils it for your decent employees!
