Sterling Hotel & Suites
Rating: 5
Text: This was the most spacious hotel I have ever stayed at. It was really more like having my own condo for the weekend! There were two bathrooms, two beds and a full kitchen area. The evenings were so quiet I slept like a rock. The bed and pillows were like clouds. The two staff people I interacted with were very polite and helpful, even when I requested a late check out. I want to live here.
Rating: 5
Text: We have stayed several times and at different times of the year. The rooms are spacious, very clean, with full kitchen service and  very helpful staff.  when anyone asks us about an affordable, clean, friendly and within distance to the main attractions in Des Moines,, our go to place is the Sterling Hotel.  Thank you for always making us feel welcome!
Rating: 2
Text: They never cleaned our room, even after we asked, more than once, had to call and ask for fresh sheets, and then they didn't tell us we had to come get them ourselves... Kept giving us the wrong size sheets, so we had to make multiple trips. And then we found a live bedbug... Great. Sterling gave us a refund for our whole stay after we notified them of the bug, so that was nice at least.

Internet was surprisingly good though, fridge was clean, kitchen appliances and TVs worked fine.
Rating: 1
Text: Amazing that this hotel can’t find my reservation when I want to cancel my reservation in more than enough time to not be charged but they can find it to charge my credit card.  Because I didn’t do this by email I am now being charged one night for a stay I didn’t even make.  

Should I ever need to go to Iowa again I will stay anywhere but here. 

Even when I call and say I had called to cancel they admit to the credit card company they can’t find my reservation. But voila later they can find a reservation and I have to pay a night.
Rating: 5
Text: I threw a baby shower at this hotel & it turned out wonderful. All of the guests were so impressed. We had a mini kitchenette, tables that were already set up when we got there, and the staff was very accommodating.  We also had a lot of privacy, and lots of space!
