Stone Chalet Bed and Breakfast Inn and Event Center
Rating: 5
Text: I attended a wedding reception in their event space. It had recently been remodeled over the summer and looked fantastic. The staff also seemed very friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend the space for a smaller or less formal event.
Rating: 5
Text: Went here for a Graduation Party, we were so surprised by how NICE this place is!!  It's beautiful inside and out. We were impressed by how clean it was, the tables were set up perfectly.
This is a place for gatherings, receptions, parties!!
We will be back and using this place ourselves.
Rating: 1
Text: TLDR: When I came back in to my room on the third day of my stay at the hotel, there was another family sleeping in my room! Even though I had not checked out and was paid until the next day. Moreover they promised to reimburse me for my troubles and then stopped answering my calls and texts.

Details:
I had booked the hotel for three days from Thursday till Sunday and had paid for the 3 days. I was out of the town for friday night and when I came back on Saturday night (around 12:30) there was ANOTHER family  my room even though I had not checked out and had paid for the room through Sunday. When I called they were Unapologetic and blamed me for not telling them where I was friday night.  The person who I talked on the phone was very rude and kept saying "Do you want another room or not". He specifically said that It was my fault for not informing them that I would not be in my room friday night. This is the worst experience I have ever had a hotel bar none.

Response to the owner: Two things, 1. You still have not refunded me for the cab that night. 2. I understand it was a mistake but there was no reason to be rude to me!
Rating: 4
Text: I attended a meeting at the Stone Chalet. The service was phenomenal. Everyone who worked there was friendly and helpful in finding the meeting room and the owners were around to chat and provide a history of the place. The inside of the B&B looks just as good as the outside. I highly recommend the service and the convenient location for anyone needing a meeting space near the university.
Rating: 5
Text: For its overall experience, the Stone Chalet is one of the most pleasant places I have ever stayed at. The rooms are well-kept and comfortable, though the furnishings are antique. The proprietor is pleasant and helpful, the grounds are beautiful, and the location is ideal.
