Sugar Creek Campground & Canoe Rentals
Rating: 3
Text: I camped by myself in a tent in a lovely site on the river. Although the site was pretty, I was greeted there with lengths of slightly-used toilet paper and other trash strewn about, which filled a bag. Despite being the only camper in the whole tent area and displaying a large, fluorescent red tag on the car dashboard,, I was repeatedly challenged every time I drove in: "Are you staying with us? Who are you guys?" Once he even drove back to my site at night to shine headlights into my tent. The shower lacked hot water for three days even though I asked them to fix it. One day I drove in briefly to put my rain fly on, with my 96-year-old dad in the car. When I got home there was a $2 charge for a visitor!  I would not stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: My friends and I were very disappointed with the poor service at sugar creek. First, they told my over the phone that I could have 2 tents per camp site which me and 11 friends were prepared for. But when I arrived, they told me only 4 people per site because "otherwise it's really cheap." They charged me another $40 for all of my friends to camp. Then when we got down to the water, they didn't have the correct number of kayaks for us so we had to use a canoe. 

Then about 1.5 miles to the end, one of the kayaks wouldn't stay afloat with 3 different people trying. One of my friends had to drag his back the rest of the way. When we reached the end and told them about it, they said "It's a good thing you brought it back or it would have been a $300 charge." I went to the office this morning to ask for my money back for the 2 kayaks I paid for but didn't receive (though it should have been 3 since one didn't float). The lady at the desk just kept saying "we don't do refunds." She only gave me back $15 claiming that refunding the difference between 2 kayaks and 1 canoe was fair and that "I was lucky to be getting that."

Additionally, there was only 1 working toilet in the women's restroom and the showers had at least 6 inches of water at the bottom. 

I have never experienced so much lack of care for customer service. We understand mistakes are made and we don't want to be nasty about it. We just wanted what we paid for. 
*The man named Kim and the boys carrying boats were all very polite. It was the lady at the desk who was snippy and had a lot of attitude. I believe this place caters to families with children so I think when my group of friends walked up she automatically didn't like us because she was rude from the beginning. 

I expect a response from her saying that we were drunk and rowdy. Yes we had a few drinks on the river just like everyone else but we did nothing wrong. My friend was upset about having to walk his kayak over a mile and then being completely turned away when he approached them about it, but his response was very appropriate for what happened. We always respect families, children, rules, quiet hours, etc. We'll see what she has to say :)
Rating: 4
Text: Enjoyable walking path, along the creek, owned by the campground. Very large yard for playing softball. Children were loving the shallowness of the mid-August creek level. Site 44 backs up to the creek. Left our 23 foot camper and tow vehicle connected  in the shade to full hookup. Respectable pricing.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to bring your family for a getaway. The owners and staff are friendly and willing to go above and beyond to help you make your trip as enjoyable as possible. Any problems are immediately addressed and things will be fixed. 

As far as sinking boat reviews go, the boats float when you get them. If your drunk and or doing things you shouldn’t you’ll tip and fill it with water. You can’t fix stupid, but sugar creek will fix anything within their power.   We have come here a couple years in a row now and will continue to come back to this beautiful location.
Rating: 5
Text: Great campground. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Utilities in good shape and entire campground appears well maintained. Has lots of kid friendly facilities. I don't  consider it a negative, but the campground IS busy with the canoe/kayak/tube business.
