Sun Valley Family Campground
Rating: 2
Text: The facilities are clean, the staff was friendly and helpful, but I like my camping a little more secluded and private. The sites we stayed at were right off the main road and entrance to the park.  There isn't much tree cover and there were street lights all over. It kind of had the feel of camping at a truck stop. There is also a pig farm near by that when the wind hits just right, is impossible to ignore. If your looking for a weekend out in nature, I do not recommend sun valley. I would have given 1 star, but the staff was super nice and helped make the best of our stay.
Rating: 1
Text: Awful.. campsites are nasty,filthy, full of debris. Not safe to walk pets.. satellites don't work. No cable. Construction debris and rusty bottle caps everywhere. 
I was attacked but not bitten by a dog there. Very aggressive dog not well kept at all chased me and tried to bite me.
Not safe for kids . 
I would not recommend this place to anyone.
NOT WORTH THE MONEY EVEN IF IT WAS FREE.
Rating: 1
Text: I thought by the pictures that this would be a fun family-friendly campgrounds. I was very wrong. The pool is nice and big and looks beautiful as you drive into the park, but it's just a pond. Pea gravel on the bottom. They really don't have any campground rules either. They have campers that I think were seasonal throwing a party with loud music and everyone at that campsite was drunk. There must have been 20-30 people there. The party went on until way past 2am. The next night was the same way. This place is advertised as being great for families but it really is not. It is great for drunks. The office staff was very friendly though. I did complain the next morning and the lady at the front desk did inform me that there are some loud parties on the weekends. They really really need to put some rules in place. One being a quiet time!! We will never go back and we will never recommend this park to our friends or family. NOT worth the headache and sleepless nights.
Rating: 5
Text: Large shallow blue pond that is well maintained.  2 slides, free use of Noodles the kids love to go and spend a day or camp. 
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place. It is quiet, in a country setting.  People there & management is great.
