Sun Valley Campground
Rating: 4
Text: This was our first and last campground stop on a long journey across the country and back. It was conveniently located for our travels, had mostly clean restrooms (why are so many women so disrespectful in campground bathrooms? seriously ladies, stop it) and had a variety of sites available with electric, water and sewer is also available in certain spots. 

I took one star off because they were blasting Christian music in the bathroom (it was seriously obnoxiously loud) and there were "We Believe" signs and religious imagery throughout parts of the campground and office. I firmly believe that you're free to believe as you choose, but that religion and business don't mix at all, because it is exclusionary. Not everyone is religious, much less a Christian. 

I'm sure that will be a positive aspect for some readers of this review and that's great, it's why I included the info.... but we will choose a different campground when we revisit the area. They were accommodating and nice, but we didn't feel totally welcome there due to the overtly religious signs, etc. 
Rating: 3
Text: Bathrooms and showers were dated and not clean.  Could use some serious updating.  Campsite was average but clean.  Nice roads.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice camping area and helpful staff, unfortunately the game room was closed when were there
Rating: 5
Text: Nice, especially for empty nesters. Well maintained. Not a place frequented by lots of kids, it would appear.
Rating: 1
Text: The lady who runs it, isn't good at all. The camp ground used to be enjoyable for kids and people, now its just going down hill. The pond is not swimming anymore because she doesn't take care of it like it used to be. The playground for kids is just basic now, they're used to be so much to do. The lady is rude and we always have problems when we leave there. My family has camped there for years for our reunions and the last few years its just went down hill and not enjoyable. We are finding a new campground to go to where kids will enjoy, not just the adults for it to be quiet.
