Sunset Inn - Goodland
Rating: 5
Text: Look, I use to work for the owner of the place. He bought it very beat down, it wasn't taken care of at all by the previous owners. He has plans to renovate the place, so what y'all need to understand is that before that even happens, their are multiple steps he needs to take. He cant just get it done over night. I wish I could return to work for this man, I was at a very troubled stage in my life and sadly had to part ways with him and his family. They took me in and treated me as family. Very good people. I really would recommend any of their hotels because of their hospitality. So please, understand that the condition it is in, wasn't his doing. Trust me on that. Please give them your business, I promise you that in the near future, you won't regret it.

Oh, and the lady that mentioned, "getting greeted by a barking dog", he is a very sweet and loving dog. He's just acting like any other dog would when they get excited. So please don't think that the dog is vicious, because he is anything but that.
Rating: 3
Text: Let's do a good, bad, and the ugly.
The good:
It's a cheap hotel that has very comfy beds. Even though it appears to be in a rough part of town it's actually a very quiet place. The bar is amazing within the hotel, very good vibe coming out of the bar. The owner was actually the bar tender that night and was super cool.
The bad:
Honestly the only complaints I have is that the window was broke in my room, reported to the front desk, and that the room had a very slight smell when I checked in.
The ugly:
The room was a little rough looking. But to be fair the owner had just bought this off his parents and has to renovate the place.

All in all, a great stay and a great night sleep.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst place I have ever stayed in my life. If no stars was an option that is what I would give it. No help at desk. Waited over 15 minutes to check out even, and no one ever came. Rooms were old and dirty and the second floor looks just scary.... They could do a lot with it if someone put some time and money into it.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst hotel ever in my life. Wouldn't send anyone .  Well maybe 2 people, they are accustomed to filth, left over of other people feces, urine/ blood on beds, and slime.
Rating: 5
Text: It's been great an I would recamend this wonderful place to stay,  hot tub,  indoor pool,  sauna, sports bar, breakfast, beautiful women,  cool curtiuss staff always on hand to make your stay great an. My buddy the manager great people, five stars .the rooms are clean, an bug, flat screen tv's, you got to come see the place fir yourself
