Sunset Inn Bed & Breakfast
Rating: 5
Text: I went back in June and this place was great! I think in some of the bad reviews, people didn't set the right expectations. The location is really great, the place is clean, and the owner Charlie is a very nice laid back guy - he has a lot of advice for what to do in the area. The rooms are older definitely but they were fine for what we needed (which was just a place to sleep and get ready.) The breakfast I'll admit is pretty average but I'm not a big breakfast person so toast and coffee was just fine. All in all the location was the greatest feature but I'd definitely go back and recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: The Sunset Inn is a great home base in South Haven. No it's not fancy, but it is clean and has a relaxed vibe. The included breakfast offers a cornucopia of deliciousness, as healthy or junky as you want! Short walk from the beach and the shops, restaurants etc of town; we didn't drive once after arriving. Charlie and his crew treated us right. They are first rate people, friendly, helpful and laid back.
Rating: 5
Text: Charlie was an amazing host! We really enjoyed our stay and will definitely be back! 
Rating: 4
Text: Close to the beach, close to downtown South Haven, and a nice place to stay.  The bad reviews sell this place short.  The Sunset Inn is wonderful for what it is--a bed and breakfast.  The owner is very nice and has a breakfast at the little hut every morning.  No gourmet omelettes, but yogurt, donuts, cereal, etc.

My family has stayed here every year for 3+ years now and we enjoy our stay every time.  Spending all day at the beach and coming back to the sunset inn for the evening makes for a great vacation by my standards.
Rating: 1
Text: If this Inn were to be renamed (and nothing else changed) it should be called "The Last Resort." The Sunset Inn plays a particular role in the South Haven scene: if there is absolutly nothing else available at another Inn or B&B but you are dead set on staying two blocks from the beautiful beach, then pick Sunset Inn. This place is completely run down and dreadful. The rooms could hardly go for $30 a night if the location were not two blocks from the South Haven Beach. Having said that, I guarantee you are going to feel you've been ripped off for paying any more than $30. Also, breakfast is not served here. There are, however, soggy doughnuts set out at a hut next to the road in front. Not even a dog would want to eat them though - stale and awful. Guests can expect to get the feeling that the owners don't care about the place and are using it in every last hope of squeezing some more money out of unaware visitors. You've been warned.
