Sunset Inn and Suites
Rating: 1
Text: Over the past ten years I have stayed at this place four or five times. It is about half way between Denver and the western Chicago burbs.  This is the first time I've been disappointed with this place. Pillow cases are dirty, (looks like dried blood)towels have been washed but dinghy looking and the room just doesn't smell right. 
It is cheap but for 15 bucks more I may find myself at the place down the street.
It needs updating, the rooms are big, and the guy at the counter was friendly
Rating: 1
Text: TL;DR: worst hotel I've ever stayed in.

I booked our room months before my travel.  We were going to be getting in late, and it was a special event that had the nearby towns all booked up, so I called about 6:30pm to confirm my reservation.  First off, the manager/owner was extremely rude from the beginning.  He said the paperwork from the website says not to call the hotel.  Well, it didn't, and calling because you'll be late is necessary to prevent a no-show if you'll arrive after 11pm, per the paperwork.  I started to explain, and he interrupted me, to apologise for being rude.

So, he confirmed we were good, which reduced my stress for the rest of the long drive.

After dealing with some horrendous thunderstorms, we arrived about 1am.  It was still pouring rain, so I waited behind the vehicle in the covered check-in spot outside the office.  Well, no one came to move it.  In fact, it turns out it was the manager's suv. He actually stood there watching us while smoking under the cover.  So I had to park a few spots down from the office and run in, getting soaked on the way.

The same guy I talked to on the phone, the smoking manager with the SUV, he's the one at the desk.  he informs me he reported us as a no-show to the booking website.  He says he'll honor their price for one night, but we'd have to rebook our next two nights at current price (which had tripled by then) in the morning.

Once we are in our room, I call the booking site and explained.  Apparently they called him, but he refused to reinstate the booking, and they couldn't force him, so there was nothing they could help with.  They offered to find another accommodation, and sent me an email, but all they came up with was 2 Airbnb rooms for rent, 50 miles away.

The sheets weren't clean. we noticed something dark smudged on them, and when we woke up, we were both itchy.  The carpet was old, and looked like no one had vacuumed it, much less shampooed it, for months.  There was some type of critter feces in the room (resembled rabbit poo).

In the light of day we got to see the horror that was the wall against the side of the bed.  Bodily fluids had been repeatedly applied, dripping down, and no one every washed the wall.  There were also some obvious repairs done to the walls where people had punched through in the past.

We had a wonderful view of the wall of the next building.

The AC worked great, but it was terribly noisy.

Luckily the wireless internet access, that had gone out with the storm, came back up.  I was able to find us another hotel for the next two days, in a different town.

If the room had been clean, I'd call this a one star motel that should be only 25.99 per night.  I wouldn't be surprised if they had an hourly rate, either.  As it is, this place should be shut down by the health department.
Rating: 5
Text: Not fancy but clean and rooms bigger than I had at Days Inn.  Had mini fridge and microwave, plenty of drawer space and a nice sized desk, vanity and bathroom.
Rating: 1
Text: Rented a room for 8 hours to sleep. We found a dried, dead toad in the room behind a trash can. We were berated, demeaned, and called liars continuously by the young man at the front desk when we went to report it. He refused to give us his name. As someone who works in the hospitality industry myself, this was by far the most horrendous service I have ever experienced or witnessed.
Rating: 1
Text: The most horrible customer service I have ever seen.  The manager needs training on how to talk to customers.  I would suggest reading all the bad reviews about this place and save yourself a headache.
