Super 8 Milan/Sandusky Area
Rating: 4
Text: If you're looking for a Hilton experience, this isn't it. However, I've stayed here a couple of times for work and it's been good. Rooms have been clean. Breakfast is decent. Great truck parking. I drive a car hauler and can easily maneuver around the entire hotel even when I'm fully loaded. Overall, a great budget friendly place to stay at
Rating: 5
Text: The place is very clean. The employees have great attitudes and are very polite. Will stay here again and I will recommend this hotel to anyone.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice pillows and blankets and nice facility,  but some mold issues in the bathroom due to the fan not working.  Got very muggy after a shower. Also the pool was out of commission.  Otherwise a good experience for a gr8 price!
Rating: 4
Text: This is my sons first vacation! He's only a year old. I searched and searched for hotels online for weeks looking at reviews and super 8 was in my price range for two nights! Reading the reviews beforei arrived  I was a little scared of the room! When I got here of course I disinfected the entire room with Clorox wipes and spray! I checked the beds and honestly I was very satisfied with this hotel!!! It's clean the staff is super nice! The pool is down so we got to use next doors indoor pool! Of course not everything was perfect the ice machine on my level is broken but overall I will def come back here to stay!!!!! Keep up the good work super 8!!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Location is not too far from Cedar Point, but the staff friendly. Accidentally booked a standard king smoking room but staff quickly changed it to non-smoking with no hastle. The place looks nicer online, but acceptable for the price. Checked for signs of pests, but none were found. Able to park my vehicle behind the building directly in front of my room to the outside. Truck friendly, could not hear trucks leave early in the morning. Breakfast is free, but nothing special. No microwave or refrigerator in the room.
