Super 8 Bowling Green North
Rating: 3
Text: You get what you pay for. I'm going to be entirely honest, we only stayed two nights and for a couple on a budget it wasn't bad, especially since we were hardly there. The bathrooms need renovating, tiles broken, paint on the walls chipping, rust forming, and their blow driers...well, pack your own if you actually need one. We got a room with a king bed, the room was SO SMALL. They're building another hotel behind this one so expect noise and lights from the parking lot facing the back. The breakfast supplied was decent. Biscuits, gravy (that destroyed my husband's stomach), sausage, diy waffles, corn flakes, raisin brand, lite and fit yogurt, apples, oj, apple juice, milk, and coffee. The staff was very quiet and considerate. The walls are very thin so we heard a lot of snoring. Elevator and decor has seen better days. Didn't use the pool but I wasn't tempted to either, definitely looked like it could use a lot of bleach and a good scrub down. Bed was big and comfy, no bed bugs which is always my biggest fear. This place is a hot spot for bikers on the weekend, lots of motorcycles. For a short stay and the price though I'm happy we didn't shell out for one of the big fancy hotels.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean and very comfortable. Bathroom was clean but shower never got hot had to take a cold shower. If the shower was fixed I would definitely stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Avoid this place at all costs!!!!
I stayed 2 nights at a rate of 201.00 a night. After all the extra add on's, it was right at 450.00. First credit card I used they said it was declined. I used another card then checked on my first card, it had been charged also!! To make a long story short..... they ended up charging my two credit cards over 1800.00 for the two nights!!!!!
 Credit card company said that they were still trying to charge even after they maxed one out!!! Manager was nowhere to be found, receptionist just acted stupid about it, Super 8 customer service just told me what I wanted to hear to get me off the phone. Talked to about half a dozen other guests who complained of the same thing!!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Room smelled a little like smoke but not bad. Good bfast. Overall not to bad
Rating: 3
Text: Room was wonderful but I have had a hold on my account for  $100 for seven days that I wasn't told about before it was made
