Super 8 Cuba
Rating: 5
Text: I love staying here I'm usually here once a week and every time it's a good experience that meaning nothing bad ever happens. Everything is always clean well kept and maintained with friendly faces. It is not the most modern Hotel but it is definitely a five-star comfy Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Business traveler, 5 night stay. This is hands-down my favorite Super 8.  The staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are kept clean, and little touches like 24-hr. coffee/juice, popcorn in the evening, and seasonal decorations make for a more personal feel.  My thanks to all for another great stay.
Rating: 4
Text: We arrived in the evening and checked in to this lovely hotel.  The staff were hanging out in the lobby, but rather than feeling overly casual, it was more like arriving at a friends home and being welcomed.  Fresh water had been put out, even though it was late (after 9).  They knew our name without us having to say it.

Our room was upgraded from a queen to a king free of charge!  The room was extremely clean and at a comfortable temperature when we walked in, with the air-conditioning running.  

The pillows were very comfortable, memory foam pillows that I wish I had at home!  The bed was comfortable, the towels were not coarse and were of adequate size. They had mats to put down in the shower so we didn't slip. 

The only reason this was a 4 instead of a 5, is because the breakfast, while delicious, was not suited to our grab and go needs.  They had apples, but everything else required us to sit.  That said the sausage gravy and biscuits were (in this northerners opinion) tasty, as were the cinnamon rolls (pre-packaged).

We were extremely comfortable here and would stay here again, if we came through town.
Rating: 4
Text: very pleasantly surprised by the Cuba, MO. Super 8. Room was very clean , nice towels and pillows and a clean shower mat (a nice touch).  Excellent Pet policy,  a one time charge per stay,  not the usual daily fees and Pet rooms are on the 1st floor with easy access to a green area for dogs.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was decent. Shower was a good height but not incredibly tall. Very quiet for sleeping though
