Super 8 Boone
Rating: 1
Text: My wife had made a mistake and booked two rooms.  When she realized this she then tried to cancel one and they cancelled both which we booked around $80 per room almost 6 months ago.  When trying to re-book a single room after they had cancelled both of those, the manager "Bob" raised the room price to $160 and was very rude with her.

I called to try and figure out what could be done and "Bob" instantly got very rude with me and after about a 60 second conversation, hung up on me!  I hope you get to read this "Bob" and understand your problem resolution and customer service is absolutely horrid, how you are allowed to manage anything but your own time is beyond me.
Rating: 1
Text: This doesn’t even deserve 1 star!! HORRIBLE SERVICE! The manager/owner is only out for money! We had a death in the family and didn’t cancel in the allotted timeframe. So what does he do? Absolutely nothing!!! I wasn’t looking for a full refund just a partial. It’s a 2 star hotel and he charged me $145 do yourself a favor and stay elsewhere!
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms where nice and clean, staff was nice. Price was decent. The only reason I give it 4 out of 5 stars is the breakfast wasn't really flavorful.
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed at the Super 8 in Boone because it was my daughter's wedding.  When I got to the hotel I was given a room.  I checked everything in the room.  Most if not all of the surfaces were dusty.  Also I found a used wet washcloth in the tub.  
Then on Sat I went to my daughters wedding ceremony.  After the ceremony I stopped back to the hotel.  No one had even tried to clean my room!!!!!  I had to to ask for fresh towels.
Rating: 1
Text: I do not even know where to begin. Our room was dirty when we first arrived. Several places in the room were not cleaned at all, leaving what hopefully was dried food in various places around the room. 

The television remote did not work unless you held it an inch from the sensor then just barely. The channel button did not work at all. 

During the "peaceful" night, a high pitched whealing would come through the air every time anyone flushed a toilet in the hotel. Almost like a high pitched squeal about every thirty minutes, give or take. 

Then, we tried falling back asleep around 9:00 in the morning due to not sleeping well the night before. That did not help since starting around 8:30am, housekeeping began banging on doors and slamming their carts around. 

Then, we finally started dozing off when a loud rapping on the door filled the room. Housekeeping. Apparently the do not disturb sign is synonymous with "knock as loud as you can."

Over all, between the symphony of various high pitched squeals, housekeeping banging around, and a general disregard for "do not disturb," both my wife and I will be leaving exhausted.
