Super 8 Omaha West L St NE
Rating: 4
Text: I was travelling and got tired. I pulled of the highway and saw a Best Western and Super 8 just off the road. I was hoping to save some money so I went to the Super 8. I did not have a reservation but the man at the counter got me a room quickly and was very kind. I told him I was hungry and he gave me directions to the food places nearby. When I came back with food, he helped me find my room. The room was clean and had a comfy recliner inside. Their was a free breakfast in the morning. It was decent. There is a waffle machine and hot sausage, cereal and bread for toast. There are many stairs though, not handicap friendly.
Rating: 5
Text: It was a very nice stay in this Super 8 motel at Omaha. The room was very clean and comfortable. The front desk staff was extremely helpful.
Rating: 4
Text: Relatively inexpensive; comfortable, quiet rooms; amenities include some useful basics like a fridge, microwave (both clean), free WiFi, and simple hot/cold breakfast. Bedding appeared fairly new, and was satisfying good quality. Housekeeping was a bit hit or miss; some random hairs and used-looking toiletries the first night, better the second. There were some stains on the drapes that badly needed cleaning. Desk staff was friendly, helpful, courteous, and informative. Overall, I'd choose it again.
Rating: 5
Text: Really enjoy staying in super 8. Our rooms are clean and beds are comfortable. The lobby assistant was extremely courteous and helpful.
Rating: 2
Text: The price was five dollars more than when I originally called to check last week. The remote didn't work, because the receiver box was set up wrong. The bathroom was bearly clean with mold inside the shower knob and the shower head covered in calcium stains. The breakfast was just cold cereal, milk, juice, and a dirty waffle maker was offered. I would not recommend this to anyone. The only reason I gave it two stars is because the temperature control worked better than my own place and I slept decent.
