Super 8 Evansville East
Rating: 1
Text: Worst experience in a hotel EVER. We had booked 4 nights at the hotel. On our first night, we found bed bugs in our room, under the mattress, and even found one crawling on us. We alerted the front desk, and he seemed unconcerned about it. He said he would document our complaint. In the elevator down to the lobby, we ran into a group of contractors staying in the hotel, and they said they also had bed bugs.  We took pictures of the room and the bed bugs for proof. The next morning, we went in to talk to the manager. He denied everything. The room had been cleaned that night, so of course, all the bed bugs had been vacuumed away. He was very rude and refused to give us any sort of refund back. Needless to say, I will NEVER stay in a super 8 motel again.
Rating: 1
Text: checked in and more we looked around the worse it looked. we had 2 rooms. rooms not clean. pillows under cases all yellow stained. bathrooms unclean/ old urine on toilets at back. Feces on front of toilets in both rooms. . they would check us into different rooms but when we looked at them and they were no better than ones we had. At least we were refunded our money by the very friendly helpful man in charge at the desk. would never stay here again unless the whole place underwent a cleaning. Found the halls and stairwells etc. just as dirty as the rooms. This place is in an ideal location for movies, food, and mall. they really need to improve
Rating: 4
Text: The value for the place is great. Super friendly staff and above average for what originally looked suspect from the star rating shown on Google. Definitely a safe place. 
Rating: 3
Text: Not a bad economy hotel. The room was clean and the bed comfortable enough. There is plenty of fast food within a short drive.
Rating: 5
Text: I was overnighted in Evansville on business.  I had the most pleasant stay at this hotel. Friendly,  courteous staff. Very helpful as far as directions to dinner. Very quiet, cozy, comfortable bed.  I will definitely stay here again if I return.  Location is GREAT!!  Movie theater across the street,  various dining within a 3-5 mile radius. Thank you Super 8!!! 5 star in my book
