Super 8 Anna
Rating: 2
Text: Hotel is situated with no entrance where it is facing, need to enter from the rear which is confusing. Accommodations and the staff at the desk are as expected from any other Super 8 and is the sole reason this isn't a lower review. There was a significant amount of fuzz in a vent over the shower and a ring in the toilet which wasn't terrible but makes one question the thoroughness of the cleaning team. We reserved a hotel room at this location when it was still the Hotel 7 Anna for the solar eclipse. We had reserved two rooms at $60 a night a piece and before our trip canceled one of the rooms. When we arrived, we were told that the room held in our name was $400 a night. We were told this room was an upgrade from the one room we had previously reserved but no information was ever provided to us about the room change or the obvious price gouging the company was trying to get away with to capitalize on the astronomical event. We were contacted to reconfirm the room reservation and I called in the morning of the check in but no price change was ever brought up. Eventually the manager did agree to halve the price of the room rental which was helpful but still more than 300% over what we expected. We are filing a claim with the Illinois Department of Justice to have the Attorney General investigate the actions of the Super 8 in this matter and I urge other travellers with the same issue (from what we could tell, everyone had their rates changed without notification) to do the same.
Rating: 1
Text: We booked the room a year in advanced for the solar eclipse when it was hotel 7, super 8 bought the place and started raising the rates on all the reservations 1000%. We were not informed of the rate change until we arrived to check in where the clerk told us our original rate if 60$ a night had been changed to 400$ a night. They tried to bully us into accepting the rate by saying everywhere else is booked 100% (it was) but we were able to talk them down to 200 a night. I do not recommend staying at this snake of a motel

edit:
Since the hotel has decided to reply to my review with lies I will clarify a few things for readers:

1) At no point during the several calls we made over the last year to confirm our reservation did they inform us about the price hike.
2) The hotel called us twice to confirm the reservation and again did not mention the price hike.
3) When we arrived to the hotel, we were told the new rate was 390 a night and told "everywhere else is gonna be around 600 a night but you're not even going to be able to find anywhere else to stay, everything everywhere is booked" and told we could take it or they gave us the option of canceling the reservation and trying our luck elsewhere.
4) It's disingenuous to say you were being kind by offering us a 200$ a night rate when our original guaranteed rate was 60$ a night.
5) When you bought Hotel 7 Inn you also bought all the customers and reservations, which means that our reservation was guaranteed regardless of your overbooking. We have documentation to prove our guaranteed reservation and at no point did Super 8 make any attempt to reach out to us to cancel the reservation so they accepted the contract.
6) You're right, we would have left Super 8 for their snaky business tactics under normal circumstances but as your manager on duty at the time pointed out several times during our check in, there were no other options because all hotels within a 100 mile radius were completely booked with other hotels pulling the same snake tactics.
Rating: 1
Text: This place needs a lot of help.   You can put lipstick on a pig :; it's still a pig. However the staff was very nice, the hotel  had no maintenance. The screens were all torn in the pool area. I had no screen on my window in my room & I felt like I was swimming in baby oil the pool was nasty green & slimy the floor around the pool was very slippery & 1 adult & 2 children had taken Fall. This is a 30 or $35 a night hotel if I ever seen one.
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed here for two nights to visit family. I didn't deal with the front desk (bf did) but the rooms were nice. Slightly above regular Super 8 standards. Clean, smelled nice, no issues with noises from neighboring rooms. All in all, great hotel experience. Oh and they had cookies and lemon water in the lobby so that was nice :)
Rating: 1
Text: I actually did not stay at this hotel but I did originally make reservations for two rooms for two nights for my family and some friends to come view the Solar Eclipse. I was forced to cancel my part in the trip but my friends still took the trip and I called the Hotel 7 (apparently before their conversion)  to cancel one room and move the reservation to my friends name. The original rate was $60 a night. I was called about a month before the stay and confirmed again the changes to the reservation but at no point was told of a rate hike. 

When my friends showed up they were told the rate was $400/night which is a 666% increase. Clearly taking advantage of an already profitable event. My friends were able to talk with management and get the price down closer to 200 a night.  But that is still ridiculous because looking at there book prices on google they are $75 a night. 

If you are ever in need of a place to stay for a big event, I'd probably steer clear of this place.

To anyone who reads the hotel's reply please be aware that at no point was I told that there would be any kind of problem transferring the room to another person and at NO POINT were any of us told that the rate for the room would be increased by 666%. In fact every person I spoke to at the hotel was completely fine and polite saying it would be "NO PROBLEM"

So if this IS an actual policy, I should have been notified in writing when I changed the names. No notification was made. No email was sent to myself or my friend with the information of the rate hike. When they called to confirm the reservation no notification of rate increase was made (as they have claimed in other replies to negative reviews). 

They are clearly trying to make excuses for their sketchy rate hikes. I've never seen a business so determined to defend its unethical practices.
