Super 8 Munfordville KY
Rating: 1
Text: Ok, so I was working nights and trying to sleep during the day. The hotel owners placed me right below where the work was going on. It was the only hotel close by so I had no choice but to stay here. I was only able to get about 3 hours of sleep a day. When I left the last morning the owner asked me how my stay was. When I told him, all he said was the work would only last a couple weeks. He never offered anything for my loss of sleep or my discomfort. I will never stay there again.
Rating: 5
Text: Evacuated from Florida with 3 adults 2 babies 2 dogs and an African grey parrot got a very nice room with beautiful pictures, very clean rooms and they waived all their pet fee's  for all the animals.  breakfast for all of us for $60.   Would definitely go back.
Rating: 5
Text: We booked and payed for another hotel who cancelled our reservation when we clearly had a confirmation number and the owner of this hotel helped us tremendously. The owner is extremely friendly and does everything to make the experience a good one. They were putting new chairs in the rooms today and the beds were new. This is going to be an amazing hotel with this new owner!
Rating: 1
Text: We booked for the eclipse and would have been better off staying in our car. No hot water, disgusting carpet and the (non-smoking) room reeked of stale cigarettes. When we brought this to the attention of the front desk clerk, he scoffed at us and said we got a discounted rate through Expedia and therefore shouldn't complain. Really?! How much do I have to pay to deserve a hot shower?

Also, he mentioned that some people were paying $200 for a room so we should be lucky we got a room at all, let alone a discounted rate. This is concerning since the max the hotel is allowed to charge for one night (as posted on the back of the door) is $99. The front desk clerk went silent when I brought this up. You bet I reported the hotel to the BBB and the KY Attorney General!
Rating: 4
Text: If you're looking for a simple, basic sleep, shower, and go this is the place for the price. Clean, comfortable rooms that could use some updating but they are clean. Breakfast is waffles and cereal but McDonald's is close.
