Super 8 Davenport
Rating: 1
Text: I actually did not stay at this Super 8. My husband and I tried to check into a room, after confirming that the windows would open. We walked upstairs to the room, found that although the window did slide open a few inches, there were no screens on it. We went back to the front desk and asked for a room with a window that would open with a screen. We were given a second room, went upstairs, and again found that there were no screens. We returned to the front desk and told the woman there that we would not be checking into the hotel and to cancel out the sale. She told us she did not know how to do that, that she would have to speak to her manager.....who was not there. She assured me that the charge would be canceled.
 Imagine my surprise when I checked my credit card bill and found a charge for DOUBLE what the room rate would be! I immediately filed a dispute with the credit card company. Three days later, I was notified that the original room rate charge had been posted ($60.44). I called the hotel to ask why and was told because I had been there more than 5 minutes, ( my total time on the property was 15 minutes)and had not canceled at least 24 hours prior, that I was liable for the charge! OUTRAGEOUS!!!!
 I had no reservation, so I could not have canceled 24 hours ahead; the 15 minutes I spent there was trying to check in, inspecting 2 different rooms, and then trying to check out.....at no time did I spend more than 5 minutes in either room! I am SO DISGUSTED with this incident.....neither room was acceptable, the hotel itself was not the cleanest I have seen, I spent a total of 15 minutes there...but am being charged full rate? I think not.....I will be following through with authorities in Iowa, as well as Wyndham Corporate.....this is ridiculous!
Rating: 4
Text: The room I am in looks like it is in the middle of a remodel. The pictures over the bed are missing, there is no smoke detector, and overall the room looks bare. They charge $20/night for each pet... Seems kind of steep. For the most part this hotel is great. Just a few flaws.
Rating: 4
Text: The desk worker was friendly, and was neat with her appearance. The room was fairly clean and nice to look at. There was plenty of space for the beds, and it was easy to block out the light from outside with the curtains. The shower, was clean for the most part. However, the bathtub was missing its plug and it was stained and in need of an update. The carpet was also looking a bit old and needing change. The inside of the building look nice, and the parking lot was fairly clean. The location also felt pretty safe. The complimentary breakfast was served in a timely manner. We able to check-in and check-out without any issues whatsoever.
Rating: 4
Text: Very friendly staff! These guys went above and beyond to make sure us guests were taken care of. Great customer service, great price, good rooms....would definately stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel room was really quiet and the beds comfortable but the AC don't work well so it was really humid in our room. To the point where the windows were free and there was tons of moisture on them. But for the price it was nice
