Super 8 Joliet I-55 N/Chicago
Rating: 2
Text: I stayed here July 26-29, 2017 first appearance from the outside is it is decent, but walk in and it is extremely dated. The pregnant lady at the front desk was VERY unfriendly. However, the other employees at the desk were always nice and was willing to answer my questions. I was placed on the second floor non smoking, but the entire hall wreaked of smoke. The room was OK I was able to make it work for a few days. Bed was pretty comfy, but the toilet just barely flushed every time. Didn't have an issue with noise except for early in the mornings I could hear everyone in the hall pretty clearly. Housekeeping did a good job. I expected breakfast the only thing the had to offer each morning was a yogurt, toast and bagged danishes that are yucky. This is a GREAT location so someone needs to do some updates to it and have ALL employees be knowledgeable and friendly. Customer Service can make or break the experience and unfortunately the one lady really ruined mine. I let it go thinking it was her hormones, but I been pregnant 3 times and never lacked in customer service skills due to that reason. If it wasn't dated, smelled like smoke in non smoking rooms and had a good breakfast I just might come back.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could rate less I would. When we first walked in and it smelled horrible. We had a whirlpool suite and when we first walked in I said I think it's just old but it was just dirty. Even the room keys were dirty. Gross. The front desk was pleasant enough but clueless and they had no other rooms available thankfully. I would stay away from this place.
Rating: 2
Text: Messed up our room reservation, tv didnt have cable cause it was broke, no remote. The only thing that was decent was the breakfast what small selection they had
Rating: 3
Text: Dirty. Smelled like weed. Friendly service. People running around all night.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff was great! The young lady at the front desk, Yohanna, was so great. She was very curtious and helped both- me and my wife- with all our things. The room was really big and had lots of space. Breakfast was every morning and they had a lot to chose from. My wife and I didnt get to swim, but the pool looked nice ! Definitely would stay here again.
