Super 8 Maumee Perrysburg Toledo Area
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful experience! Staff was so friendly & kind. Very helpful as well. Room was adequate, but very clean & comfortable. Room was very quiet considering it's location near highway & businesses. Updates to exterior in progress during our stay, but front desk staff helpful in letting us know what was going on & where to park to avoid any problems. Would definitely go back again.
Rating: 1
Text: I've stayed here twice within the past couple months. Everything was great. Clean, tidy and friendly staff. The second time I stayed I woke up with several bites. As the day progressed more and more bites appeared. So when I returned home I put all my clothes in a bag and placed it outside. Turns out it was bed bugs. I called the manager and no help there. She hung up the phone while i was in the middle of a sentence like nothing happened. I didn't even call to complain or a refund, just to let them know what had happen with my stay. Piss poor service. Thanks SuperHate!
Rating: 3
Text: The price was reasonable, and the room was okay--it feels like it's getting a bit old and in need of a remodel. The staff was friendly and helpful. My recollections of this hotel are a bit colored by the guys smoking right outside the side entrance (walking into a hotel through a cloud of smoke really sucks), and my kid for some reason being thrilled with the hotel and the bathtub (it was nothing special).

All in all, nothing out of the ordinary for the good or the bad.
Rating: 4
Text: Excellent motel!  
This was a little harder to find than some other Super8s I stayed in this trip, but Navigation got me there just fine.
No question- this was the friendliest, cleanest, newest Super 8 I stayed in during 2 weeks of traveling with my dog.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location. Came for a business trip. Room was clean and bed was amazingly comfortable. Staff at checking was polite and attentive. Ample parking and close to everything. Gave me recommendations for dinner that night. Breakfast was pretty limited but I knew that going in. Coffee was good. Just wished the morning cups were about 4x bigger...lolol. would definitely return.
