Super 8 Litchfield
Rating: 4
Text: We booked rooms during solar eclipse event. Seen reviews, went in expecting the worse, but thankful to have found vacancies.  It's true the motel is old ( It's not a secret a new Super 8 hasn't been built for many years), Rooms did show their age, had the basics plus frig and microwave. The bathrooms could be cleaner, and hallways did smell of cigarette smoke.  HOWEVER, we were pleasantly surprised.  Girl at desk was very nice and did her job well. Air conditioner quickly cooled off the rooms and kept it cool all night.  At first thought frig wasn't working, but a flip of the switch fixed that.  Rooms did NOT smell of CIGARETTES and the beds were comfortable.  We were able to get two rooms for the price of one at other motels. Plus they didn't jack up room rates like others did during the event.  Lots of choices for food etc. in close proximity.  Thank you =)
Rating: 2
Text: The room had a funky smell when we got there. Our electrical outlet with the tv, fridge, and microwave was over filled, and the plate was held up by packing tape, and that was still falling down. I was cold and turned on the heat, may be my fault for doing so in the summer, but it smelled burnt. Continental breakfast was sad. However, I'm sure they probably have better rooms, but the place was completely booked. Sheets and blankets were clean, smelled clean as well, and no bugs or dirt in the room!
Rating: 2
Text: There were beds, a bathroom, refrigerator and microwave, so our basic needs were met. Other than that it wasn't much to look at. Definitely could use some updates. 
Rating: 1
Text: Worst place ever in 25 years of traveling. Dirty, trash on floor by bed, warm water to shower, dirty tub, dust everywhere etc, etc.. Breakfast room was so warm, no AC, food choices  nasty looking waffles , overly ripe bananas, on and on! Extremely dissatisfied!!!!!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: Awful....pretty sure it's black mold here. Super 8 usually has a nice breakfast bit this one had toaser waffles and cereal. My room smelled like pee and they don't honor their coupon or any rate lower than 50. I paid almost $90 for this room and am very upset.
