Super 8 Muscatine
Rating: 4
Text: My husband & I are here in Muscatine for work & unbeknownst to me, he had already decided to make this hotel the one we would stay at , at least for the time being. We BOTH Google everything & upon driving up from Georgia, I looked online at reviews. We were both completely scared that we made the wrong decision by coming to this particular hotel. After checking in & being terrified we made a huge mistake, we walked in our room &......it actually was nice. Keep in mind, this is NOT the Marriott, Westin or any of those types of hotels, so you can’t compare it to those. Yes, the rooms are outdated because the hotel itself is, BUT I feel they have done the best at making the actual rooms as nice as possible. Very soft beds, nice flat screen TVs and the room is spacious. Also, the breakfast isn’t terrible either. WiFi works well & I don’t see any mold or anything in our room. They’ve been nothing but kind to us. If we had to come back to Iowa for work, we’d come back here. We have no complaints.
Rating: 1
Text: Mold on the ceiling. Cigarette smell the minute you walk into the lobby. Couldnt stay 15 minutes much less the night. If you value your health, run as fast as you can away from Super 8 Muscatine!!!!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: This place is a dive. I was required to stay there by my company for one night and opted to sleep in my car after checking in. Visible yellow stains all over the sheets. Hair everywhere in the shower, including the short and curly variety, as if it was never cleaned. Giant patches on the wall that need to be painted. Old beat up furniture that looks like it was collected from. Curb after a garage sale is over. Trash on the floor, completely visible between the nightstands and bed. The place is a dump in every sense of the word.
Rating: 2
Text: Typical cheap indian owned dump. Holes all over the wall and door from previously removed screws, 2 light bulbs bunt out, the whole place smells of smoke and cheap air freshner and mis-matched, moldy ceiling tiles....
Rating: 5
Text: Very affordable. Easy check in.
