Super 8 Story City
Rating: 1
Text: Bugs!! First when I checked in we were given a smoking room even though I requested a non smoking. Then we were given another room and we went to drop off our luggage and I saw bugs on the comforter. I went back down to the front desk and said I am not going to stay here. The front desk woman had to go upstairs to see if she could find any bugs. Of course she said she didn't see any and then got a man I assume the manager and he said I was lying, not sure why I would lie when I obviously had checked in and was attempting to unpack in my room until I discovered bugs. He continued to say I was a liar as did she. I have never been treated so poorer, horrible customer service and a disregard for working out the situation and turning it into a satisfied customer. We went across the street to the Comfort Inn and were greeted with wonderful customer service. I highly suggest finding a different hotel, do not let the price (low) persuade you to stay there. Also there were two other people in the room with me that saw the bugs.
Rating: 1
Text: Never again. After a very long drive we needed a place to rest. Area hotels/motels that accept pets were all booked. The smell (odor) of Pine Sol or some other type cleaner, is so over powering in this room. The carpet is filthy. Our very first experience at a Super 8 and most definitely will be the last. I would rate this a single star. And that is being very generous. A property not kept up at any level. Will have to skip showers in the morning
Rating: 1
Text: The manager was very very very RUDE!!! I went down stairs to ask why tv wasn’t working he starting screaming about how we moved the tv (we had been at work all day and just got to the motel 15 mins before) 
   Also since we had 3 people in the room (which we told them when booking the room) we asked for blankets since one was sleeping on the floor. He refused to give us extra blankets or pillows... 
   Found bed bugs in the beds!!! Pay extra and stay in comfort inn!!! I’m sure the 20 dollars extra is less than tryin to get rid of bed bugs
Rating: 3
Text: Friendly staff. Waffles for breakfast. Comfortable bed. Thin towels. Easy access to I-35. 
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly, helpful staff. Clean rooms. Free Continental breakfast 6 to 9 am. 
