Super 8 Pittsburg KS
Rating: 1
Text: TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!!

I had to stay an additional night for work so I booked a room online that I thought had 2 Double beds but when I got there it only had 1 Double bed. My mistake, it was almost midnight and they had extra rooms with 2 Double beds so I asked if I could just pay the difference and change my room to one with 2 Double beds. He told me that I could not do that and that the only way to get a room with 2 Double beds was to book ANOTHER room! So, I would have to pay the entire price for the first room and the new room if I wanted a room with two double beds! 

I found that ridiculous and was too tired to deal with the hassle so I decided that I was just going to sleep on the floor (there was two of us that were out working). I went back up to get an extra blanket and pillow and while I was doing this he told me that I could pay an extra $20 to get one of their fold out beds. I guess it would have made sense to do that so I wouldn't have to sleep on the floor but at that point I was so frustrated that I didn't get it out of principal and not wanting to give the hotel any more of my money!

Long story short, Book a DIFFERENT hotel!
Rating: 4
Text: Friendly staff. Nice hotel. The rims were better than some, worse that others. Seemed to be directed solely toward business clientele. Reasonable rates.
Rating: 4
Text: Was a decent value for what it was. The rooms were clean and beds were COMFY. Although I did not eat it the breakfast looked pretty good when we passed through the lobby. Staff was friendly and helpful. One down fall for us that would probably make others happy is they has no SMOKING rooms. All in all a nice place.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a very clean and very comfortable place to stay. Very friendly staff. Helpful and informative.awsome free breakfast. I can't say enough about this motel I highly recommend staying here if your in the Pittsburgh Kansas area.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful hotel. The room was nice & clean. Breakfast was nice too .Staff was very friendly.  I would definitely recommend this location.
