Super 8 OFallon MO/St. Louis Area
Rating: 4
Text: It was a convenient location because it was right off the highway. We stayed in a 3 queen bed room which was very nicely decorated and clean. It just smelled a little. Also, apparently they do allow pets because as soon as we opened the door to get inside the hotel 3 very big German shepherds came rushing out without a collar followed by their owner. Otherwise it was well worth it. They do have an indoor pool and free breakfast the following day. Beds were comfortable.
Rating: 3
Text: Free breakfast was very bland. Toast, waffles, muffins, hard boiled eggs, cereal. Very compact dining area. Room was nice, possibly recent renovation. WiFi worked decent. Easy to get to from interstate.
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible neighborhood, for starters. An interesting pair checked in right before us. Police were doing stuff all over the neighborhood--we saw this on the way to dinner.

We had actually arrived at the wrong O'Falon Super 8. We were in Missouri, but we needed Illinois. We had been driving for 10.5 hours, and the clerk said that our prepaid reservation didn't exist. Alarming. While we were trying to clear up the confusion, a manager comes in and scowls at us like we've done something wrong. 

Finally, the clerk says there is room, for us, but we opted to drive another hour to O'Falon, Illinois.

Oh, and if you do decide to stay at this particular Super 8, remember to respect the sign in the lobby, which says "No food allowed in rooms."
Rating: 3
Text: Outside was fine. Hallways were musky. Inside room was nice but some updates could be used.  Microwave was something from the 70's, maybe 80's.  Same with the fridge.  Tv was a flat screen.  Beds were very comfortable.  Pillows very comfortable.  Bathroom was newly updated and nice looking.  The shower had low pressure.  Clerk was very nice and explained everything I needed. Overall was a very clean place.  Worth the money paid to stay.
Rating: 5
Text: Let me start by saying the only reason we knew this was Super 8 was because of the sign out front. This place was amazing! The rooms look like they belonged to a Marriot or Hilton. The staff was beyond helpful and friendly. You could see them work tirelessly to make their customers happy. The pool was functional and clean. They even had special parking for us as a Veteran Family, which means the world to me because you don't see much appreciation for Veterans these days. Breakfast was fresh, full of variety, and satisfying. Overall Inhave this place 5 stars but it deserves an award. I've stayed at many Hotels over the years and this was by far the best experience I've had in a long time. Highly Recommend!
