Super 8 Colby
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent service and amenities, especially for the price! I stayed here when I was driving across the country and this was my favorite hotel I stayed at. They also gave me a discount for dinner at the restaurant down the street. Highly recommend to anybody! The area is quiet and safe with easy access to the freeway.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were visually pleasing and appeared to be quite clean. The beds were comfortable, a/c worked great, and internet speed was good. Breakfast was very standard, but tasty. The bathroom fan in one of our rooms was very noisy, and you cant turn the light and fan on separately. Great view of parking from the window in the room. Overall I was very pleased with the experience.
Rating: 4
Text: We were very pleased with our stay at Super 8 in Colby. The room was clean and everything was in working order. We stayed in the queen suite with two queen beds and a sofa bed. The sofa bed was very firm, but do-able. The room had multiple outlets which was nice, but dim- as is the case with most hotel rooms. There was one full bathroom and a separate sink. The service was exceptional and breakfast was very good for a Super 8. Breakfast included waffles, biscuits, gravy, eggs, sausage, cereal, danishes, bananas, toast, coffee, milk, and juice. Overall we were very pleased with our stay and would stay here again if we happen to be traveling through Colby again. Our only complaint was the temperature of the building. Our room was quite warm when we arrived and took a few hours to cool down. Even then it was not cool. The hallways we're also sultry. 
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice Hotel. I was a driver for Village Tours and travel at the time and I would stay there over night to do a casino run the next day for Boothill Casino in Dodge city KS. The manager was already prepared for me when I arrived to check in and was very professional. I left a belt in the hotel room after I left and I called after arriving at the casino. He told me he would look and he did. I picked up my forgotten item and thanked him very much for his help.
Rating: 3
Text: Just like any other Super 8; everything is just okay. The staff was mostly friendly. When we checked in our room was not cleaned, but they got us a clean room quickly. But don't you dare fill up the waffle machine with the whole cup of mix or else the manager will get upset with you and angerly clean the overflow up. The shower heads are very dirty and the beds stiff.  Otherwise it's just a super 8 -- what do you expect? We got a place to sleep over night with a hot breakfast included in the morning. I imagine we'd stay again unless we could afford something nicer.
