Super 8 Richmond
Rating: 5
Text: All good. Decent breakfast. Clean and comfy. Reasonable prices. What's not to like?
Rating: 4
Text: First time staying here, and will stay again when in the area.  Booked the first night a few days prior online, and had no problems checking in. Alyssa was absolutely great, and enjoyed chatting with her.  She answered my questions, and gave good instructions & information. A few hours after check in, we decided to stay another night and Alyssa took care of it.  There was some confusion the next morning by the 1st shift staff (maybe manager?,) but all was taken care of quickly and we were able to go back to sleep.  Heh Celebrating our 7 year anniversary with a lil' getaway, we soaked up the peace & quiet. No kids, no pets, no housework. LOL  The AC was cold, the curtains kept out the sunlight and we immensely loved just cuddling & watching tv on the nice size flat screen. It's the simple things!  ^_^
Rating: 1
Text: Arrived at 9 pm. Allysa was on duty and was awesome! In fact we would have went somewhere else once we saw the room if it hadn't  been for her positive service. The carpet in halls and room were filthy. Microwave had food on the door and mold on the inside. The rest of the room was clean except for stains on the chair and bed cover. Definitely needs some TlC. The guy on the midnight shift which was still there for breakfast needs some people skills training or a different job. Not friendly, could tell he did not want to be there. Breakfast was good. Wayne was there when we checked out and he was really really good. So left on positive note. Would we stay there again, likely not.
Rating: 5
Text: I  Met Alyssa  working at the front desk  and  She makes you feel  at home . I  had a very enjoyable conversation  with her    and  from what I  see this Super 8 in Richmont, Ky is Blessed to have such a dedicated ,  lovedcustomer friendly   office  clerk   working for them. She  is very thorough on details . I loved talking to her so much I had to fight myself to  get away from her. She is a beautiful  person  and very mature for her age. I pray to God  I will get to talk to her again. Ken/Wb0siy
Rating: 5
Text: Actually a good and hot breakfast. Very nice and comfortable place to stay. Nicer place than what you expect out of other super 8's.
