Super 8 Indianapolis/NE/Castleton Area
Rating: 2
Text: There heating & cooling system is outdated. The bathroom floor, toilet, & towel rack are down right filthy! The furniture is outdated also- with an old dresser & armoire that have 5 non-functioning drawers. 3 lamps mounted to walls that don't work & filthy mildewy carpets, which can be smelled upon entering the room! A disaster, & disgrace to be representing the Super 8 chain of motels!!

The cons to renting this particular room is the view of the lake the moment you come abreast with the threshold! It's beautiful! We also have excellent access to I-69. So, it was easy to find..
Rating: 2
Text: Staff were nice and accomodating. The rooms however were sad. I was going to spend 2 nights. The 1st night, the room looked like a disaster area. It smelled of cigarettes,  the wallpaper was peeling,  electric plugs were uncovered and one had a short in it.  This room was unsafe. They moved us the next morning. This room was better, but the tv's didn't work. They moved us to a third room which was finally acceptable. I doubt I will ever use this motel again.
Rating: 3
Text: Buildings looked nice and were clean. Rooms were a little worn- my tub had a patch in the bottom- and the linens looked about at the ends of their lives. Weird yellow stains on them too. Room didn't smell. Breakfast was coffee, waffles, cereal, yogurt. Not huge. Parking was nice; some rooms on ground floor, most on second.
Rating: 1
Text: Love the manager and staff, thumbs down to ownership for most issues. I did receive spotted bed sheets, dust on lamp shades, mold on walls, stains everywhere, and a mirror dangling in a broken frame
Rating: 2
Text: Lets start with the bad. I stayed here overnight for the Indy 500. Room was in need of various repairs. Outlet on desk lamp was coming out, curtain rod in bathroom was coming off the wall, the bathroom light and fan did not work, outlet on the sink was coming out of the wall, and the bottom portion of the counter outside the bathroom was broken. I didn't bother to call the desk about anything because of my check in. The man at the desk at the time barely spoke to me while  processing me and had a general air of not giving a damn. Now the good, the area of the hotel is rather nice, and building 3 (building I stayed in) was facing the nearby pond which has a nice view.   The hotel is also within 2 miles of a rather large selection of restaurants. If the place would get some proper maintenance and some friendlier staff it would be great.
