Super 8 Alton
Rating: 4
Text: Decent hotel. Good location that is close to everything. Our room was clean and recently remodeled. It did have a very strong smell of what I thought was maybe carpet freshener that was a bit too much. We passed the maids on the way out and they were very friendly and happy. Overall, I'd recommend this hotel and use it again if needed.
Rating: 4
Text: For a super 8, it's a nice place. Clean rooms, bathroom. Rooms are pretty small, very close to plenty of food in the small town.
Rating: 3
Text: Its a little sketchy and there's no breakfast. It could be cleaner, but still wasn't unbearably dirty. The rooms are a decent size. The hallways smell like weed most of the time. If you're looking for a place that's really cheap, you're vacationing in the area and don't plan on spending much time in the room, it's not a bad deal. Also, if you need a place that won't question anything you do while you're there, this place will work for you. I've stayed in much worse hotels, but also much better ones.
Rating: 5
Text: I had reserved a room for two nights at this Super 8 in Alton,IL and I later had to change my plans to stay for only one night instead. When I went online I was unable to make the change so I cancelled the reservation all together and was going to just re-book it for the one night but come to find out this hotel was totally booked on the date I requested and it would not let me book it for one night. This was all my fault because I made the mistake of cancelling the reservation. I called the hotel directly and spoke with the front desk supervisor Lainey and explained the situation. Lainey was fantastic!  She was very helpful and very professional she immediately helped me with my problem and resolved the situation and got me a room for the one night that I needed. Your Awesome Lainey!
Rating: 5
Text: We needed to stay overnight as we were moving and already packed the bed. The staff was extremely friendly and only really had a few complaints which were minor ($100 refundable fee due to issues with people smoking in the rooms and the 11am checkout time). The price was great and the beds were some of the most comfortable I've sleeped in during my travels. Would definitely recommend and use again.
