Super 8 Warrensburg
Rating: 1
Text: The room was nice, the breakfast was good and the clerk kept it stocked properly. However the problem was with the shower. After the shower I felt slimy and looked at the head and removed it, there was black mold in the head and the line. The AC was not working too well, we had it on high cool and it didn't cool the room off. The blankets we SUPER itchy.
Rating: 1
Text: You can put lipstick on a pig, but it’s still a pig. Modern carpet, bedding and vanities cannot make up for thin walls, appliances that did not work, outdated bathtubs and ac units and staff that clearly needs better management. 

Pulling in, three police units were at the front - always comforting - looking for someone who checked out the day before that was hiding out there. Yes, the font desk clerk told us that, and proceeded to say that happens every few months or so “but I assure you, this isn’t a sketchy place.”

We were on the first floor, you can hear everyone walking down the hall talking and the people above you, especially when they are taking a shower. I’m glad I travel with earplugs.

The first morning, there was a strong smell of urine that we smelled when the AC was off...I asked my fiancé if he peed in the trash can in his sleep or something because it was that strong. It was gone later that day and didn’t come back, but we also met the AC on because it if was off, the room got really muggy. The AC was really loud, but I’ll loud over stuff, urine smelling air.

I wish I would have brought shower shoes. The shower just looked dirty and the grab bar had broken off in it, so there was a hole where it is supposed to be with soap scum and who knows what else growing in it. Our soap stayed in the travel cases and did not touch the shower at all.

The alarm clock said 11:03 always. The TV remote would only turn the tv on and change the channel up...nothing else. We asked to change it out. Another staff member tried to fix it. After 10 minutes, she changed the channel up, said “I got it” and left. The remote already did that, nothing was fixed. We just didn’t watch tv.

We asked another staff member if we had the correct group rate and his attitude was terrible, rolling his eyes with a sigh breath and pointing it out with a pen on our bill. The code was weird initials, how are we supposed to know that - a little more tact would be nice.

We were here three nights and we never stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: We just wanted to relax and not be bothered and the room was quiet and comfortable and the service was good and breakfast in the morning bacon fresh fruit and Belgium waffles
Rating: 1
Text: Absolutely no care nor concern for their customers! After unforseen car troubles I had to cancel my reservation yet not even a bit of sympathy was extended. They would have not lost a dime returning my payment yet saw this as an opportunity to accept a free hand out. Horrible business ethics if you ask my opinion!!! Would rate 0/5 if at all possible.
Rating: 4
Text: It was really clean. Only problem is the wall lights on both sides of the bed did not work.
