Super 8 Bowling Green
Rating: 4
Text: Not a bad hotel. Traveling through for work. Has truck stops next to it and parking for trucks as well. Pretty quiet considering it is a busy area with cars and truck both stopping at the McDonald's and fuel stations. Rooms were a nice size. Prices weren't bad at the time I stayed. The room however could have been cleaner as I did find some food on the carpet in the corner of the room. Overall though it's not a bad place to stop off at.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome Motel. Very friendly staff!! Room was clean and well-kept bed was firm and the pillows soft. There is a microwave and mini fridge and a coffee maker price was $100.85 with tax for a Friday night. ( Footnote ) The U.S Flag flying in front of the motel needs to be retired and replaced!! Contact your local Boy Scouts of America they will know how to handle that!!
Rating: 4
Text: This Super 8 was pretty great, especially compared to some of the older ones where we've stayed recently. We were in the area to look at the fall colors along the Mississippi. The only thing that caused me to give it 4 stars instead of 5 was the mattress in our room (304) was really way too soft. Other than that, everything about our 2-night stay there was perfect. Erika, at the front desk, was very friendly and helpful. She gave us wonderful recommendations for where to eat, including the best pizza in town (it was!) and where to go fo a delicious buffet that also offers carry-out. The wifi was a little flaky at times, but our room was pretty far from the front desk and the hotel was full the first night we stayed. Overal, we loved our stay here. Erika really represented the hotel well, both in person and on the phone.
Rating: 3
Text: Nice staff, rooms are good if older. Couple things not working, but its not a big deal.
Rating: 4
Text: The people were great! The room was a 5 ?!  only one negative: First impression in lobby was not good - cluttered feeling - not neat and tidy, made me wonder about the room but no need as it was spotless!
