Super 8 Freeport
Rating: 2
Text: I will never stay at this hotel again.   It was the most disgusting super 8 ever.  Floor was stained, couch was stained, bed made me itch like crazy.  Hallway smelled like weed and cigarette smoke all the time.  Shower had great water pressure so that was a bonus.  There were definitely some strange things happening on the side of the hotel. Seemed like drugs or maybe even prostitutes?  I was too scared to check it out.   Also people live in the hotel full time.  A lot of screaming coming from the room next to mine on the second floor.  0/10 would not recommend.
Rating: 2
Text: Staff was friendly. Found a bug. Holes in the window screens. Wall-mounted hair dryer mount dangled mostly off the wall. Hotel was under renovations when we stayed, so I suppose some issues may be due to that. Hotel smelled bad. Wifi worked fine.
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly staff happy to accomidate. Everything for the price point is there. All over a great stay at 70 dollars a night.
Rating: 1
Text: I reserved a non smoking room. When I checked in first sign in the lobby said pool out of order. I was told it was a non smoking room but there was an ashtray on the bedside table burn marks through out the entire room. No light over the sink no tv remote the phone didn't even have a ring tone the carpet was gross. The fire sprinkler was hanging out a solid inch as well as two of the electric outlets. The security lock on the door was split in two. Stink bugs all over in the hallways. The breakfast was just cereal toast and watered down juice no milk for the cereal. The elevator had what looked to me like deconstruction material (crumbled plaster) in between the gap of the doors and the elevator shaft. Definitely won't stay here again. Next trip to Freeport I'll be spending the extra money at a different hotel. Side note I sleep with a Cpap and it's been three days since our 1 night stay and my Cpap still smells of the hotel even after washing the entire unit and filters.
Rating: 2
Text: I'll start with being positive. All of the staff were very friendly, I found no bugs, and I didn't die while staying here. In this case though, I'd say you get what you pay for. The hallways looked like they had not been vacummed in years. Getting off the elevator on the second floor, someone with dogs was staying in the room next to the elevator. Each time the elevator went up and down the dogs barked. The hallway smelt like a mix of cigarette smoke and microwaved pizza rolls. Proceed to room 201. First thing I noticed was the smell in the room. It was like I walked into an assisted living facility. There was no shortage of black dirt like smudges on the walls and what appeared to be a small spot of mold on the ceiling. Only 2 lamps with water damage on the shades worked and the plug-in next to the desk was falling out of the wall. The plug-in by the sink stopped working while we were there. The refrigerator did not work and the microwave was not plugged in, though the nearest plug-in also did not work. The sheets looked and smelled clean, but the bed skirt looked like it had not been washed for at least the last two decades. Most furniture was broken or contained spill stains. You are also allotted two small bath towels unless you want to go to the front desk to ask for more. At 4 am I woke up to a very strong odor coming under the door and some loud guests above us coming and going, slamming doors, yelling, etc. Fearing for my safety due to the shady events above me with what seemed like a possbile cooking of shady substances, I checked the smoke alarm. It did not appear to be working as most flash a red light when in operation - there was no flashing light. The gym consists of two treadmills and the pool had no water. I'm gluten free so I cannot offer a fair review of the free breakfast...
