Super 8 East Moline
Rating: 5
Text: I love it at this super 8 hotel! You can not beat the price! Every time I come to Illinois I come and stay at this hotel. The staff are very polite and friendly! I also love the rooms at this hotel! When I left this morning around 9am and when I returned  around 10am my bed and room was already clean before I got back. Other hotels can't compete with this hotel, I just love the respect and customer service I get here!
Rating: 1
Text: Very discusting!! The comforter and linens had numerous stains. The fitted sheet was inside out. Used towel still hanging in bathroom. Found BUGS in the bath tub!!!! The bed was horrible and I have found better quality blankets at good will. This room isn't worth more than $30 a night...if that. Fridge leaked. Don't believe the online pictures. Whole building smelled. 
Rating: 1
Text: It's great to be retro however the motel could have been cleaner. The night shift guy was very helpful and kind the morning gal was very dry and did not help my girlfriend when she explained the enormous boogers that was flicked on the wall. We will not be back ??
Rating: 4
Text: Easy check in n access...clean rooms. Quiet inside.
Rating: 1
Text: Pet friendly - NOT! Supr 8 website says small/medium dogs $6 and large dogs $10. You can imagine my surprise when I am charged $50 for 2 nights. I complained that their website policy said $6/10 and our 34 pound senior Spitz was a medium sized dog. They consider anything over 25 large. We were surprised when we got a call from that evening clerk. She had taken the time to check the website and contact the manager, and was authorized to honor the $10/night. At checkout I asked for my statement and was told the computer was down. I said I wanted to be sure the $50 pet fee had been returned and was told by the day clerk the fee was absolutely $50. Pending charges to my credit card are now totaling $260 for a 2 night stay at a nearly empty Super 8. The motel was newly repainted and clean. The room was good sized, but the toilet/shower area was tiny. They had a shower curtain rod that bowed out which was not secured properly and hung down. I bumped my head trying to turn around and close the door it was that small. The bars of soap were the smallest I have ever seen in a motel; the size of a 5 stick pack of gum. I don't like big pillows, I like thinner ones, but these were so thin I had to sleep with the pillow shoved against the headboard to make it thick enough. I would have folded it over, but they were not the standard width either. The room was warm so I opened the window and found it had no screen. We were furnished with one clean washcloth and one dirty one wadded up in the sink, 1 small hand towel, 2 bath towels, and bath mat. Everything seemed to be the absolute minimum needed to be furnished. They emailed me my statement last night as a pdf. Now I need to figure out why my phone won't open it. :-(.
