Super 8 Springfield/Battlefield
Rating: 1
Text: Let me first start i wishing that I read the review for this Super8. I have been to a lot of Super8 that are been modernized and are really nice. This one I'm afraid is not even close I stayed in the room for about 20 minutes and then I end up checking out. There are holes in the blanket, the chair was ripped,coffee machine doesn't look like it's been cleaned. The carpet was dirty and paint messing on the wall. And the one thing I did not really like was the manger. He the one that checked me in. Plus there were only 2 cars in his parking lot. He didn't seem concerned that I was checking out until I asked for the supervisor and told me he was. With all that said I was charged for the night that I didn't stay witch was about $100 bucks plus the accidental charge that should be reversed. So total is about $150.00 / with accidental charge. the worst part was that he ended up arguing with me and I told him I'm out of here and will be talking to corporate about my experience. Do not stay here untill new management and remodel. SAVE YOUR MONEY GO SOME WHERE ELSE.
Rating: 2
Text: Rooms were quiet and appeared to be clean, some mildew growing on ceiling tiles around shower.  Lighting was horrible, room was very dark and the window did not have sheer curtains under the privacy curtains so you couldn't open the curtains on the ground floor without having everyone being able to see in. Beds were very uncomfortable, only two very small pillows on each queen bed, no extras on the shelf.  Shower would not hold temperature, kept fluctuating between scalding hot and freezing cold.  Severe weather was expected in the area that evening and when we asked the proprietor about a "take cover" area he seemed unconcerned and said not to worry about it.  Fine for a last minute or only choice kind of stay but would not plan another visit.
Rating: 1
Text: Please don't waste your money here! Stayed here out of necessity and was horrified when I entered the room. The whole place smelled terrible the room was worse. Told the lady up front it was me, my wife, and daughter and she gave us a room with a single full size bed. The sheets and blankets had holes and rips, same with the chairs. 
Rating: 1
Text: This was the worst stay I've ever experienced, DO NOT STAY HERE, rooms are gross, management is not honest, I was charged 66 a night plus tax, when I added on a night I was charged 90, then on checkout they blamed me for a hole in a fitted sheet, kept my 100$ deposit, if u stay here take pictures of all damages in the room... or you will be blamed, the man agent is shady save yourself the pain stay elsewhere
Rating: 5
Text: Good clean still has smoking rooms
