Super 8 Hastings
Rating: 1
Text: I have stayed at many Super 8 but this was by far the worst experience of any stay anywhere. Online it said either 2 double beds, not queen, or a king suite with pull out bed. The price online was $72. When we checked in it magically became $99 before taxes and fees. At first they put us on the 2nd floor but once they found out we had kids they moved us to the bottom floor because anyone with kids they want on bottom floor because they "might be loud". Seriously! My kids were quieter than all the loud obnoxious "adults" there. We went to our room and noticed no bedding for pull out couch. Called front desk and they said we needed to go down there and they would give us sheets and pillows, and when I said what about blanket they said "oh we don't have any". I pulled blankets and top sheet down, and found not 1 but 2 long black hairs. When I stepped next to bed I could feel something and heard a crunch. Looked down and there was nasty food and I don't know what else all along the bed, all around and behind both end tables. Lamps, alarm, and end tables had not been dusted. There was something nasty all down the front of end table, and some nasty white stuff all over the head board. I lifted the bottom sheet, and mattress protector to find the very filthy stained 2nd mattress cover. Found hairs in shower, door to spa was filthy, dead bugs, sticky stuff all over vanity and sink, the sink was completely cracked and broken, and the window sills were full of dirt and more dead bugs. Tried to make contact with front desk but nobody was available. I took pictures and when checked out, I was treated very rudely and after arguing he said he would refund only $50 and to email the pictures to the owner. I did and explained everything. Figured I would at least get some type of follow up but I got nothing! Not even an apology.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean room, comfortable.  Hasting is a little further off I 80 than I had expected, but otherwise a great stay!
Rating: 1
Text: My family and I stayed at the Super 8 Hastings for an extended stay since we were displaced from our home, and we were treated dishonestly during our time there. To provide some context: We spent thousands of dollars here, did our own cleaning, not once partook in the complementary breakfast, and never caused any problems for the staff. But within the last month of our stay, we were double-charged THREE TIMES for the weekly rate. When we brought this to the attention of the management, they tried to dismiss our concerns, accusing us of "not understanding simple mathematics". They even went as far as to hand us a calculator to do the necessary math ourselves, which was incredibly insulting. This issue did not subside until I got in touch with my credit card company and put them on speakerphone for the manager and owner to listen to the hotel transactions, finally surrendering when they were caught red-handed. This situation was VERY disappointing and a disgrace to the reputable Super 8 name. We would not recommend anyone to stay here if they do not want to go through the exact same mistreatment we experienced. Please steer clear of this hotel and save your credit cards from these con artists!
Rating: 5
Text: Good location, and nice staff.  The hotel is quiet, clean, and comfortable. I would stay here again.
Rating: 5
Text: Quick check-in, easy parking, normal breakfast. But the rooms were very clean and the staff friendly. Price fair. Overall pleasant stay
