Super 8 Lamoni IA
Rating: 2
Text: It's definitely an older motel that could use some updating. After looking at the breakfast set up, we decided to go on down the road and stop somewhere. The man running it is very nice. Not clean but not filthy either.
Rating: 2
Text: We had one of the worst experiences while staying here. We stayed with some other family members, and the first room they put them in reaked like old fish. No matter what we did to try to rid that smell it only got worse. It forced them to have to move rooms even, it was that bad. 

Then, the front desk was managed by the owners son, I believe. He seemed to be only 12-13 years old. Walked around in socks and jeans and wasn't helpful with anything. We went to the front desk for towels, and he never brought them. Ended up having to go down a second time to get them. 

The "breakfast", if you can even call it that, consisted of two cereals (which were never refilled or changed out...so who knows how long they've been sitting there.), packaged cinnamon rolls, and Ego waffles. The waffles were just thrown in the box and left there over night. Disgusting. 

Lastly, they don't clean your rooms in between days staying there. We left at 8 am and returned at 5 pm and no one had even touched our room. All they did was remove towels. They didn't even replace with new towels! Hair was still in the drains, beds weren't made, nothing cleaned. We went to the front desk to say something in which the owner walked down to our room, in a sweatshirt and sweat pants, and asked us what we thought should be done. Really??? 

For being the only hotel in such a small town, the least you could do is make it a good one. Not impressed. 
Rating: 2
Text: 2 stars were only because the front desk guy was at least apologetic and said that the 2 cleaning girls were new. The room was dirty. I don't even know if the sheets were clean. There were multiple bugs in the bathroom and hair in the tub. The over whole hotel seemed to be in poor upkeep. We stayed because we had our dog with us and it was the first hotel we'd seen in like 100 miles.
Rating: 2
Text: Only come here if it's the ONLY hotel available. 

Other reviews weren't kidding when they say the place is run by a 13 year old kid. I mean, he was nice and all, but at least make him wear shoes and dress a little more formal. 

Our rooms were a little run down but were nice and clean and had all the basic things like internet, TV, A/C, etc. The side door of the building has a broken lock so virtually anyone can enter through there unnoticed. Be sure to lock your door at night. 

Breakfast isn't really a breakfast. It's just fruit, cereal, bread, and packaged pastries. So unless you're fueling up on carbs, I don't recommend eating here. 

If the Cobblestone Inn is finished, I reckon you stay there or in a nearby town. Only come here if it's your only option.
Rating: 5
Text: Great staff. Clean and comfortable
