Super 8 Iowa Falls
Rating: 4
Text: Decent place. Needs some work. Carpet worn. Someone needs to learn how to paint or at least put down a drop cloth. Room door needed some work. Had to make them bring the price down to my confirmation price. Breakfast not bad but they need to heat the biscuits and the gravy. Large comfortable room.
Rating: 2
Text: Shabby motel with security problems!  Exterior door lock, disabled.  
Room window lock, broken.  Chain lock on door, broken.  Guy at front desk, absent most of the time.  I'm not a clean-freak and I actually appreciate dive motels...but I paid $125 for a run-down room with matted carpet, broken fixtures and a lumpy mattress.  The curry in the hallway smelled nice, though.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give zero stars, I would. Dirty room, broken back of toilet (as in fell on the floor, but put back like puzzle pieces on the tank), holes patched in wall but unpainted, batteries taped into remote, mold and hair all over the bathroom, poor welcome by family running the hotel, folding the laundry straight off the floor....Stay ANYWHERE else but here! Also, a week later they are closed to treat bed bugs. Just great.
Rating: 1
Text: I wish there were a way to rate this dump with negative stars.

Let's begin with security.  Both access doors were unlocked and motel access was open to anyone.  There are signs on these doors which read that, "These doors are locked for your protection.  Please use card for access."  What a joke!

Then there was the chain lock inside the room.  It was inoperable.  

How about the internet service? There was none.

And, if you're a fan of cigarette butts outside the "security doors," you'll love it at this rathole.

Did I mention the broken and dilapidated fence around the garbage bin?  The door was hanging by a thread and had to be secured by a stick to keep from flopping open.

When I brought these items to the attention of the desk clerk, she made one excuse after the other.  And then, to top it off, the MANAGER of the place walked out of his cubby hole in his bare feet and wandered around the lobby.  "No shoes, no shirt, no service" does not apply here.  When I challenged the manager on his unsanitary behavior, he just looked at me with a blank stare.

Really?  

Wyndham Group, you people should be ashamed of yourselves.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice and accommodating establishment with Clean(clean, not just "hotel" clean too) rooms! They have a small pool that we never see anyone in...but us(score!).  The breakfast is modest but reasonable.  We enjoy staying at this hotel, and it's PET FRIENDLY!!!!!!!!
