Super 8 O'Fallon
Rating: 5
Text: Loved it! Very clean! HUGE for the low price you pay. Very friendly , welcoming staff. Amazing low price. (Guaranteed lowest in the area).Free breakfast , free wifi, free parking. And they allowed my dog to stay the night too. Mini fridge , tv, microwave included. I would without a doubt stay here time and time again.
Rating: 4
Text: My only complaint is housekeeping seems to be lax. First room had a stinkbug crawling across the pillow, The second room still had hair clung to the side of the bed but everything else seemed clean except for those two Incidents. The reason for four stars not three being average was the night clerk that night was beyond accommodating and her customer service skills was amazing! Just feel bad housekeeping is making her look bad.
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed here on my wedding night because the venue was within a mile. I booked 15 rooms with Super 8 about 6 months in avance. About 2 months until the wedding, I called just to make sure everything was still good. They had no information on my rooms because the previous manager had been fired and my information was lost with her which makes no sense at all. 

After clearing this up, I had multiple friends and family call and say that there was no information on my party for that night. I had to call three times to make sure everything was correct because they kept messing up rates, days and our names, which the rooms were under. 

Finally, everything was cleared up. We arrived at the hotel after around midnight to check in and they had no idea who we were and said we didn't have a reservation! I told the lady working the front desk I was upset, not at her but the hotel, yet the entire time she was incredibly rude. She displayed not even an ounce of hospitality nor was there an apology. 

I would recommend that if you are looking for a block of rooms for a group of people to look elsewhere as this place is not worth the hassle.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice quiet location the Room a nice. Good hot water. Reasonable breakfast. Reasonable Price. If I'm ever back in the area I would stay here again. The only reason for the 4 stars it is dated could-be updated a little bit better. 
Rating: 2
Text: Hotel reception was very friendly, the foyer was nice and the pool area was nice as well but as we made our way to our room things started to go south. The doors on the rooms were banged up, the smell of old smoke started to overcome the air. We opened the door to our room and first thing, smelled like old smoke. After looking the room over, it was clear to see that the dark blue carpet in the room hadn't been vacuumed, it was visibly dusty, the bathroom floor had buildup, the furniture was dated and the paint was peeling in areas and The doors were visibly dirty, The shower had a great shower head and hot water. All in all, it made me feel gross and worried about bedbugs due to lack of cleanliness. I would only recommend this hotel if you're on a budget.
