Super 8 Fort Mitchell/Cinci OH Downtown
Rating: 2
Text: It was safe & well lit, easy to get to and from. The staff was very kind. However, the bathroom in the room was on the filthy side. The shower hasn't been wiped down in how knows how long, there are sticky stains all over the cement outside the rooms. The shower head was calcified and dirty. Sink had stain in it. TV was brand new, elevator worked. Curtains barely stayed shut, which is important when u have a walkway next to the rooms. I would recommend for a quick over night, but nothing longer!
Rating: 2
Text: This experience was very underwhelming. Everything appeared fine when we got there, but my fiance tried to take a shower right after we arrived and the shower didn't work. The beds were hard and uncomfortable, and there was activity outside the rooms all night. The people hanging around outside at all times were questionable at best. Would not stay here again.
Rating: 1
Text: ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!!! When we got into our room it stunk of marijuana, found several ROACHES in the room and the cable cord behind the TV was burnt up.. The entire compound needs a Hazmat team to come in and get rid of all the little bugs in the place... I wouldn't even recommend this hotel for a homeless person to stay in.
But the front desk lady was very nice, the only positive experience from that place.
Rating: 2
Text: Dated Motel but rooms where clean, beds were comfortable & internet worked well. Very convenient off of 71 on way to Louisville from Cincinnati. Not much for breakfast available when we went at 8:30 am. Bread & waffle maker only. There is a McDonalds nearby luckily.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed here once before as we were traveling through KY because compared to other area motels it was the least $$ and we truly just needed a place to sleep. Since our last trip, they've repaved the parking lot and our room seemed a bit nicer. The beds were comfy, the linens were clean and soft, and the room was clean. There were standard amenities like coffee maker, hair dryer, microwave, mini fridge, flat screen TV with basic cable and free Wi-Fi. Continental breakfast available, too.
