Super 7 Motel
Rating: 1
Text: Like others have said here, if I could give a 0 rating I would do so. Honestly, I think it's closer to a -5 though... my husband & I were just relocating 2000 miles to better medical care & we stopped in Columbia to rest before moving on next day... we have a service animal who has a tag on her collar stating what she does to help my husband which is to alert him to low blood sugar levels, regarding his severe diabetes. I also had the email showing she is registered, her registration # showing that we are listed as her people, a picture of her etc. Everything you wpuld see in a hardcopy letter... but since we are moving so far I figured we are safe enough having that level of proof. I went to office to pay this man for a room, I was honest up front that we have a service animal along after handing him our money. He then demanded actual paperwork saying she is a registered service animal. I tried to politely explain I had the info I described above & had no problem showing him the registration info, but moving, I did not have letter format to show. He looked me in my eye & said, "I know all about people like you." I was confused by this, again, I politely tried to explain what I could show him to verify her status. He then rudely threw my money back across the counter at me. This is not only rude, & no way to run a business, it is also illegal, according to ADA laws... We moved on & bought a room at a different motel in the area where we were treated polite, thank God for polite people in this town, they are the ones who deserve business... after I came on here & read other reviews about room quality, I am glad I got no further than the office. But the truth is people like this rude man I dealt with has no business being in business. I hope he gets his motel shut down if he treats good people this badly. I was completely polite to him, had every cent requested for a room, & still got basically thrown out of the office... this man should be ashamed of himself... thanks for reading, I hope I help other prospective motel guests before they have to get this type of treatment too... have a blessed day
Rating: 3
Text: Only one roach per night- the toilet flushed for twenty minutes the first time but got better. Nobody in our group got shot, which is a concern but we all good
Rating: 5
Text: We tried to run timed 40 yd dashes in the parking lot at 8:30 pm and the manager came out and told us to be quiet. Guest courtesy 10/10
Rating: 3
Text: The rooms were nice. But we didn't have a microwave for some reason. Key card can open other rooms for some reason.
Rating: 2
Text: Exactly what you would expect. Low cost with no amenities.
