Super 8 Martinsville
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms are very nice. I was very surprised at how clean it all was. And it looks as if the room have been recently renovated. The beds were very comfortable. I didn't see any bugs what so ever. Would definitely recommend this place and stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: Very disappointed!!!!!! There was a group of nine of us that were looking forward to a pool they said it was close for the summer but the pool was shut down in February 2015  from the Board of Health on the pool door. They lied to us.  My bed was dirty and he was kind of upset that he had to change it.  The breakfast was not good not many choices and  the orange juice the looked like water. The hotel smelled like smoke and  nasty cooked food. They told my aunt that they were sold out of rooms when she looked online but when we got there there was only maybe five cars.  We were not too happy about the hotel.  When you needed something at the front desk you had to ring the  Bell about five times.  They never answered the phone when you called them.  You barely could understand them.  The TV and Internet sucked.. we were all not together by the rooms.  The pool is currently used as a storage room for the hotel.. but the beds did sleep comfortable after they change the sheets in the shower had very hot water in good pressure. But we won't go back there.
Rating: 1
Text: Not a good place to stay period. Room smelled of mildew. Carpet looked molded. Tub was filthy and they were very stingy with bath linens. Asked for clean sheets only to get a set of dirty looking sheets. Will say the guy at desk the night we checked in was nice.
Rating: 4
Text: Good place to stay. Decently priced, friendly staff and great service.
Rating: 5
Text: I attended the Indy 500 & Snakepit 2017. My friends and I needed a place to stay. We are all 20, so many hotels do not allow us to check in. Super 8 had no issue. The staff was very nice, room 224 was clean, had a refrigerator, microwave, coffee machine, and nice enough TV. The beds were clean and I really have no complaints. In addition, there are many available outlets to charge with!
