Super 8 Mendota
Rating: 5
Text: This Super 8 is super clean and great value; highly recommend it. This "2 star" hotel was WAY cleaner and nicer in some ways than some "3 star" hotels stayed at. Providing pics. There is NO microwave or fridge. But FANTASTIC value for CLEANLINESS and other. Has a HUGE amount of cable TV channels, about 120 channels compared to the 3 star hotel I just stayed at in big metro City!! (way more expensive), which had VERY Few TV channels, maybe 20 or 30 basic cable. Of course, it is basic, no pool or fancy restaurant, gym, etc,. But if you want a clean and very decent place to stay in this area and don't want to break the bank THIS IS IT! Huge truck stop area so has at least two 24 hour gas stations with large convenience stores - right next store! Subway, McDonald's, Taco Bell, Cindy's Restaurant, and KFC are within walking distance. Ha, first place I've ever stayed that has huge corn picture on wall, this is corn country! ?
Rating: 5
Text: When first entering the motel lobby I almost turned around and left because of the stale odor. But the clerk was so nice and willingly showed me the room... and the price was a bargain! We were very happy with the Excellent service, room, and the bed was great! Thanks Super 8 Mendota!
Rating: 5
Text: Just passing through. We stayed here for 1 night. Loved how they accepted our dog! Beds were super soft and comfortable. Room was clean and lovely. Our family including 3 year old slept 12 hours! Great continental breakfast! We are vegan and managed to find plenty of food at breakfast. Would totally stay here again if we're out this way! Great affordable price too!
Rating: 3
Text: The Super 8 Mendota is a fairly decent location. Has a couple of gas stations around as well as McDonald's in walking distance. As for the rooms, I was put in a non smoking room, although a couple of rooms down completely smelled like cigarette smoke all through the hallway. Room was like the standard room, nothing special. I did notice that there was a large gap in the woodwork where the air conditioner is, all kinds of bugs could get through there, hopefully they didn't. They do offer a contintal breakfast in the morning which advertises the standard options. Unfortunately, I never tried it.
Rating: 2
Text: I have stayed here prior to this and had no complaint. This time it smelt like a flea bath.
