Super 8 Keokuk
Rating: 1
Text: BEWARE:  This property retains your patronage by charging a $1.60 fee at check-out for a room safe, regardless of whether a room safe was used, or not.  I call it the $1.60 customer retention philosophy.  So watch out, if you did not happen to use your room safe during your stay, they will slip this fee in at check-out and once you notice you have paid this fee, they'll have you hooked and you will never be able to stay at another hotel while in Keokuk, ever, unless you are allowed to pay this fee!  This philosophy works even better than the subliminal advertising that was once used in movie theaters....I can't wait to stay at this property again....
Rating: 1
Text: What a hole. Avoid this hotel. I hung my clothes on the rack (nothing as fancy as a closet here!) and the rack immediately pulled out of the wall. Terrible tiny beds. Not well cleaned. Not a good place to stay.
Rating: 3
Text: I had a room on the second floor and there is no elevator, so it was very difficult to get my luggage up the stairs. Not only that, but the room wasn't as expected. Online, the room was said to have 2 queen beds and a king, but it was 2 full beds and 1 queen. The TV channel guide was incorrect, but the TV did have premium channels (once we could finally find the correct channels) which was a plus. The room and bathroom were clean, as well as the hallways. There were also a few different places to order food for delivery, so overall, I rate it 3 stars.
Rating: 5
Text: One of the nicest Super 8s yet.  They take pride in the property.  Very clean.  Newer modern bedding.  New tv.  Micro and fridge.  They were eager to meet our needs
Rating: 2
Text: Fine location. Otherwise the doors slammed, housekeeping didn't clean the room we were supposed to be in and we had to change. Our new room wasn't stocked with soap and smelled horribly of mold. There were two huge holes in the bathtub that were completely moldy. Housekeeping walked into our room at about 8am while we were still sleeping. On the positive, breakfast was great. There was a large selection and it went until 10, which was nice since we woke up at 9:30.
