Super 9 Motel
Rating: 5
Text: Room smells fine sheets are clean flat screen TV everything's pretty nice for a budget stay place.  I think I'll leave my travel sheets in the car.  WiFi Works fantastic.  The lady was nice that checked me in.
Rating: 5
Text: The room was very clean. Newly remodeled. New mini frig and nice flat screen tv and microwave. Clean bathroom with "Hot water". Nice vanity area. New mattress and very comfortable. Very nice  Owners. Great rates. I would recommend staying here for short term or long term.
Rating: 5
Text:  The room was nice, clean and newly renovated.  The shower/ bathroom  was very clean which is one of my biggest requirements. Bed was comfortable. It had a large screen TV  which is hard to find in lot of places I have stayed. Its nothing fancy but a nice place to stay with reasonable rates. I would stay here again. 
Rating: 3
Text: Check in is ok. However the lady is usually in the back and it can take awhile for her to come to the desk so you are stuck waiting which I think is unacceptable in a hospitality business. 
Overall it is a decent place but they need to fix a few things. 
It is not a bad place. However the rooms for a few nights stay are very different. If you are only staying a few nights the rooms are nice, black chestnut furniture and nice desk. Sheets are clean and bed is very nice and comfy. Room service everyday and a coffee maker and coffee. However they are stingy with the coffee claiming they dont have very many. If you are a hotel you should have plenty of coffee.
Now if you are a weekly stay, the rooms are much older not remodeled, stains on the carpet, old furniture rooms smells kinda bad needs freshener. Dead moths on the wall that hadnt been cleaned which I think is unacceptable. No coffee or coffee maker.  Room service is only once a week which is understandable but maybe twice a week would be better. Some of the towels have stains which should be thrown away because your guests shouldn't see that. They do have a laundry area which is decent. 
Like I said it is not a bad place to stay but they could definitely do some improvements with it.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay if on a tight budget.  Clean, Manager was very friendly and polite.  Bed comfortable and great water pressure in the shower
