Super 8 Kokomo
Rating: 4
Text: The staff is very friendly which is always a plus when staying at a motel. My only negative thought was the room smelled a little like mildew when I first walked in, and when I went to use the coffeemaker there was a used packet in it. Other than that it was a clean nice place to shower and sleep. I would've liked to utilize the indoor pool but I forgot my suit!
Rating: 5
Text: I would like to first say I absolutely love the owners PK and Angela they are angels. Out of all of the Hotels/Motels in Kokomo Super 8 is my very favorite by far. They have very inexpensive room rates as well as very clean, nice and up to date rooms. Their rooms also I believe all come with a refrigerator, microwave and coffee pot which I love. They have a very nice and clean swimming pool for those who stay, that opens fairly early and does not close until 10pm. They also offer a nice continental breakfast from 6 a.m. until 9 a.m. for those that need that little pick me up to get their day started and if you need to do a load of laundry no worries they also offer a laundry facility! So I must say for the price and all the amenities this should be a no brainer I've stayed at the 5? Hotels all over the US and the very worst as well and would pick Super 8 in Kokomo, In. anyday. Thank you PK and Angela for making our families stays worth coming back
Rating: 5
Text: Nice, clean room. Coffee in room and in lobby. Breakfast. Very friendly staff. I would highly recommend to anyone
Rating: 1
Text: This used to be the hotel I would always go to. New management. Worthless. Horrible customer service by the new management. Ashley was great! Oh, and the rates are ridiculous! $40 more a room than what I used to pay. All kinds of junk by the pool. Will never recommend or stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: The bed was very comfortable. In the pool area someone had left the chemical door open and kids were in there swimming that was very dangerous. In our room a light didn't come on I noticed it was unplugged so I plugged it in and sparks flew that's a fire hazard. 
