Super 8 Jacksonville
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms are nice and very clean. Room includes refrigerator and microwave as well as coffee pot, iron and ironing board. Free Continental breakfast included as well. Selection included cereal, oatmeal, pastries, yogurt, fresh fruit, waffles, biscuits and gravy and juice.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice hotel for the money, booked through CLC (was very accommodating) and staff friendly and pleasant. Limited truck / trailer parking just off main property to the rear.
Rooms were recently renovated, clean and bright  had a microwave, microfridge, flat screen tv, desk w/chair (our king room had a couch) and the water pressure in shower was adequate.
Breakfast was decent with hot and cold item choices, fruit, coffee and juice etc...
Several restaurants and retail / convenience stores close by.
Will definitely return if in the area again and would recommend. ??
Rating: 4
Text: Right on the main road into town. The hotel was super clean. Room was made perfectly for our arrival. Breakfast had a good selection.
Rating: 5
Text: This is one of the best motels that I've every stayed at! The room was super clean and had everything you could need (fridge, microwave, wifi, etc.). The staff was extra friendly and very helpful. It's within walking distance of several fast food restaurants. A+

Rating: 1
Text: I spent nearly $100 on a room and tried to cancel spoke with the manager Katie multiple times and still was not refunded my money even though I never checked into this hotel. It's places like this that make your traveling experience terrible I do not suggest anyone to go here. I was born and raised in this small town and I was only there to see family. when a customer approaches you in a pleasant manner, and you still just want to take advantage of people and become an inconvenience that's when you know your business is failing. I suggest people to go to best western right down the road you won't have to fear for bedbugs and this is why I was trying to cancel in the first place. Many people warned me that the establishment was not taken care of properly. 
