Super 8 Eureka/Six Flags Nearby
Rating: 4
Text: There is no elevator. Just wanted to start with this. It doesn't affect me personally but outs a 3 floor hotel work no elevator. Other than that, the rooms were clean, there's hit water in the shower at 7 am and there's breakfast. My expectations were met.
Rating: 3
Text: This hotel is okay for the price. It is a little expensive for what you get. There is always a weird smell and it gets weirder as you go farther into the hotel. There is always a smoky smell and there is always someone smoking somewhere. Breakfast is minimal always, and it's always hard to find somewhere to sit there is very minimal seating for breakfast. The great thing about it is it is right down the road from Six Flags and you can't get anything better than that. Overall it is an okay Hotel it's a little pricey but for the location it's not a bad Hotel. Rooms are clean, staff is usually friendly.
Rating: 1
Text: Rock hard bed, dirty toilet, plastic key card only worked once, and the replacement didn't work at all. That breakfast muffin was not worth 80 bucks. I do not recommend.
Rating: 1
Text: Most disgusting motel I've stayed at and the service from Dave stank even worse.......paint peeling all over  the shower, sink backing up from the drain, burn holes in the blankets.....just a filthy, disgusting place!!!!!! I also have pictures to prove it. When I asked how much a room was, Dave told me they were $99 per night plus tax equals, $104. I agreed and purchased a room.. we were told that we would have to wait From 1:00 pm until 3:00 pm to check in or we could pay more to enter the room now. So I decided to wait until 3:00  instead of paying $50 More dollars to get into my room 2 hours early. I asked him to print out a receipt and I see that I have been charged $115 not the original $104 that was stated.  I didn't say anything because I felt that Dave was unstable...he answered the phone while I was there, and then commented once he hung up about how people are lucky to even get a room and they are lucky that he doesn't raise the room price by $20. So I went to my room and stayed because all other motels were booked, and had a disgusting stay.. I would never put my skin on those blankets or pillows or beds. Do yourself a favor and go to the holiday in by six flags , they are one of the best motels I have ever been to!!! I want a refund from super 8 !! They need a health inspection and reported to the bbb
Rating: 1
Text: Worst hotel ever!  The list of problems with this place is endless.  First off, if you are handicapped this is not an accessible Hotel all the rooms what are either up or down the stairs with no elevator. The parking lot is dark poor lighting. There are no locks on the outside doors to enter and exit the building. The swimming pool is disgusting very small and has tons of dirt in the bottom of it.

When we got to the room it stunk. Then we went to lock the door we realized it wouldn't lock. I called the front desk and the lady came up and said it don't worry about it just use the chain you're safe here. I'm here alone with a 10 year old child I do not feel safe only using a chain on a hotel room door.

When it was time to take showers and wash up turned out we didn't have any hot water. Again talk to the front desk and she said the water heater works just fine just let the water run for a while. So I let the water run and it never got better than lukewarm at best. I guess the only benefit to that is it I would sure woke up with a cold.
