Super 8 Paducah KY
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms were clean and beds comfortable.

But the customer service was above and beyond. We showed up at 530am without a reservation, and the front desk manager opened up and let us get a room so we could grab a 3hr nap.  

I would recommend this particular location to anyone.
Rating: 4
Text: Good friendly folks. Very interesting. Beautiful veggie garden. Enjoyed talking with them. Room was good, but carpet left our bare feet black. Noticed black running off our feet in the shower. Did have good service and breakfast better than some, not as good as the more expensive motels. Overall, we were satisfied with all.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff were very friendly, they have a beautiful garden to the side of the hotel. The room wasn't the most amazing thing in the world, a few cleanliness issues, but nothing to cause a stink about (marks on walls, a little grimy carpet). The bed was clean and comfortable (if you like a firm bed like I do) and the bathroom was clean as well. T.V. worked, I didn't choose to log in to WiFi, breakfast was fine and coffee wasn't too bad. At such a cheap rate and since we were just passing through, it was a great place to spend the night. Stayed on our way to our destination then also stayed on our way back. Parking was fine too (I was pulling a 12' trailer)
Rating: 2
Text: So the front desk is very friendly and professional. The hotel is older is showing signs of it, honestly it leaves quite a bit to be desired. If you need a pet friendly motel for a night this isn't horrible for the price. 

Pros
The bed was decently comfortable. 
The sheets looked clean.
 It's pet friendly. 

Cons
The air conditioner was turned off when we arrived, so the room was hot and stuffy. The air conditioner rattled throughout the night. 

The blankets are thin, don't think they make them any thinner. 

The bathroom, specifically the shower was gross! 

The tv cable cuts in and out 

Rating: 4
Text: I paid $60 for a king-size bed and a decent room that was comfortable and cool. The towels were a bit rough but for the price, it's worth it. I normally like to carry a towel with me anyway when traveling, I just forgot this past time. I stayed there twice so far and if I was in the area again and looking for a room, I wouldn't hesitate to book this location again
