Super 8 East Lansing/University Area
Rating: 5
Text: Older but Clean, comfortable. This is one of those old style places that you just stop in for a nights rest and good shower then get back on the road to where you are going. It is close to Michigan State University It does not have a microwave, refrigerator or coffee maker in the room. Your door leads directly to the outside. The room was clean, neat, comfortable and had all the basic necessities. They offer free coffee in the lobby.
Rating: 4
Text: I'm not sure what people are complaining about. My fiance and I stayed here in room 220. It was so comfortable. King sized bed. Clean. Did not smell bad. You get what you pay for which is a really great price. I highly recommend I only give 4 star because it did not come with a shampoo or conditioner but that's my only complaint. But the bed was so comfortable oh my gosh. 
Rating: 5
Text: Spent 8 days at the Super 8  while on business and enjoyed a great stay. It was a short drive to the Lansing Center from the motel and there is a variety of restaurants near the motel for meals. One thing I really like about park next to the room entrance, when on the 1st floor for easy transport of luggage to and from the room. The room rate was also reasonable.
Rating: 1
Text: Stayed here last Saturday (9/9/17) after a Spartan football game. We wouldn't have stayed had we been safe to drive. The hotel is just a dump. From the outside it looks like it's been closed a long time. The carpet is filthy with lots of holes. The shower surround and tub have black spots all over. The sheets were clean as far as I could tell. Staying was a last minute idea but wouldn't have used the shower even if I had brought stuff. The staff was pleasant. Wouldn't stay again though.
Rating: 5
Text: Easy on Wallet, Older but Clean 
Close to MSU - but room was clean and quiet. Breakfast consisted of toast, bagels, cereal and juice or hot and one of the better tasting hotel coffees. easy on wallet. The staff was friendly and helpful.I Will back next game day.
