Super 8 Jackson MI
Rating: 2
Text: This motel is as low grade as you can find!  We stayed for work reasons. There's NO local TV channels for news, breakfast is free if you like waffles and raisin Bran with warm milk!  The manager is VERY RUDE!  The employees were SUPER helpful!  The rooms were cleaned sufficiently, although, the garbage was not emptied and the coffee packets were not replaced each day.  We went to the lobby desk to ask  for coffee packets. For the money, it's at most a 2 star place to stay.
Rating: 1
Text: I didn't even get checked in. Arrived at 2am looking for a cheap room and shower. Night clerk told me 60 bucks plus another 30 because its past the "check in time." For that price I went and stayed at the Holiday inn. It was worth the piece of mind having a legit room and not having to worry about bed bugs, My vehicle being broken into or my credit card stolen.
Rating: 1
Text: Used our points, so it was free for the two nights, 1 star rating so where do I begin. Sheets were stained, but clean, pillows were 2onches thick and felt like they were 10 years old, chairs were stained and dirty,  wood furniture is stained, dented old and grungy, carpet had iron burns into the carpet, if you like pictures of potatoes on the wall well this is the room for you, bathroom was clean and the water was hot. Towels were clean but rough, so don't get a sunburn and expect nice soft towels. Asked for more pillows but got the excuse that they were full and didn't have any more pillows. We'll I won't be staying here again anytime soon.
Rating: 3
Text: Not a bad place to stay for a night or two. Rooms are a little small but clean. Good amount of restaurants near by
Rating: 1
Text: The place was quiet, but while trying to sleep I started itching around my neck area where the blanket rubbed my neck.  I got up a few times to try to cool my neck off thinking I was allergic to the soap they washed the blanket in.  Then upon waking up at 4 am I found bed bugs in the bed.  Took them down to the night clerk so he could inform the manager.  After checking out my neck kept itching and it kept spreading, now learned I was exposed to scabies.  I will not be staying there again.  The bedding wasn't that clean and the towels were full of stains, otherwise the room was okay.
