Super 8 Hannibal
Rating: 3
Text: Location was okay, rooms were outdated but they were clean and the beds we're comfortable. The hotel was under construction when we stayed so the entrance was in the back. Parking was a nightmare and there wasn't and extra lot for overflow so we almost didn't have a spot coming back from our event. The staff was nice but breakfast was horrible, I'm not sure if it's because they were doing construction but there were very few choices. 2 breads and 2 choices of cereal, and that was basically it. I work for another Wyndham hotel in Minnesota and if it wasn't for the discount we had I don't think it would've been worth the money. I would return to hotel upon returning to the area, but I hope my stay next time would be better.
Rating: 1
Text: My Husband and I and our 2 boys came to stay at super 8 .we booked a yr ahead due to the steam punk fest downtown Hannibal Mo.
we got to the counter and the girl checking us in said to wait a few mins she needed to do some switching around of rooms we thought since we booked a yr ahead we would be in a nice room . I asked if there was a problem I had my reserve sheet with she said no she did not need it . but was nice . so we finally got our room and it was a basement room and it about blew us away with musty moldy smell . we left after getting our things into the room and bought some air freshening spray made it so we could tolerate the smell. each day someone came in to make our beds but did not sweep nor take our garbage out or refresh soap and shampoo or even the toilet paper. we had to ask for all of that and towels . we had to stay because we paid already and we were not happy . so we were excited about the pool they have a outdoor pool it is kinda nice and so we went out the first night and the second day we went out and there were grown men out with coolers of beer and loud music playing beer pong and cussing and  after a half hour of that we had had enough we did not want our kids around that so back to our room . the next morning my boys and I went to go swimming and were told we could not because they were filling it at 9 in the morning we thought we could swim before we left well we were wrong so would I stay here again ? I am not sure I would the place is torn up from remodeling and breakfast was in a tiny room and on Labor  Day there were  so many people there I don't know why they picked such a tiny room for breakfast . this was supposed to be a fun trip and it was sure upsetting .
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice clean room for decent price. The continental breakfast was pretty sparse and unappealing. Staff was very friendly and helpful.
Rating: 2
Text: Very friendly staff, fair breakfast, good location and price not too bad.  The only problem was with the cleanliness of the room.  Upon arrival the desk was full of ants, the towels had residue from other guests, and the sheets were pretty stained with who knows what.....The carpet was not looking good either. 
Rating: 1
Text: Hotel advertised free parking. Parking at hotel is steep and terrible.  Parking is only for a car. I pre-paid for hotel and have a small RV.  They said you can park across the street on the public road.  Front desk is rude and stated no refund.  Don't use this hotel or hotwire.
