Super 8 DeKalb IL
Rating: 2
Text: The Pros: Motel has been remodeled so it no longer smells of former smoking rooms.  Service was friendly. Room furniture was in good shape although furniture and outlet arrangement were not ideal.  

The Cons: It's a motel obviously run on the cheap - cheap soap, sandpaper towels probably washed in the cheapest detergent on the market,  generic everything.  The refrigerator is unplugged between guests - b/c of the pennies it saves on utilities? do they not understand it costs more to  cool down a warm fridge? 

I booked a Queen Size room , was told as I checked in I was being given a queen size room.  The bed I'm sleeping in is a full. I do not know who defines bed sizes but I suspect if I looked for the tag on this mattress it will definitely say full. It's an old mattress not supportive and caves in.  Glad I brought my own pillow the two provided are like pancakes.

The doors slam.  Guests here are not considerate to attempt to buffer the slamming of the doors. To be fair it takes a lot of effort to not make any noise with them.  They slam all night and shake the walls.
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed there go an event. Check in was easy and pleasant. Nice parking nice grass area. Room was clean but dated. AC work fine. Breakfast was generic. Staff was nice. Ice machine works.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice clean rooms.  Inside corridor access.  Two stories.  Somewhat isolated and quiet.
Rating: 5
Text: Staff at desk didnt seem extremely friendly. Staff that cleaned were very nice though. When told them about toliet they fixed it right away. Room was bigger than expected. A/C worked really well. Key didnt seem to work all that much. Location was close to campus were it would only cost us about $5-$12 to use an uber. Price seemed a bit much but since it was homecoming kind of expected it.
Rating: 4
Text: Great place to stay. Clean rooms, nice shower, friendly & helpful staff. Including pet friendly hotel ?Contennantial breakfest, coffee, microwave & frig in the rooms. Plus, it's very cost efficient.
