Super 8 Peoria
Rating: 4
Text: Comfortable beds and a nice size room. We had a refrigerator and microwave which is always a nice touch.

Shower was a little wonky but still usable with hot water.

Happily the climate control worked so the room stayed comfortable.

Nice place to stay but I wouldn't want to stay more than a night because no fitness center.
Rating: 5
Text: I was very pleased with our stay at Super 8! The room (single king bed) was larger than expected, the selection of cable TV channels was more than adequate, everything was very clean. The free breakfast was above any other free hotel breakfast we've had. I highly recommend this location, but I will now start booking my future vacations at Super 8 chains.
Rating: 2
Text: The bed and pillows were terribly uncomfortable. The pillows were lumpy. The room was clean, but had a weird smell. We got an air freshener for our stay. I called down to ask about hot water because I wanted to shower and get ready for all the stuff we had planned for that day and the front desk said, we didn't know they were coming to replace the water heater until they got here. Understandable, but call the rooms and say, "Hey, the hot water will be off in 30 mins if you need to shower, do it now." Instead they were rude and not helpful at all. We actually asked the men that were replacing the water heater and they were sincere and apologetic. The front desk never apologized or anything. The hot water was off from around 9am and was still off at 3:30pm. Ended up taking a freezing cold shower,  after waiting half the day for hot water. The continental breakfast was terrible too. Only hot food you could get was a waffle. Also, they fold their laundry in there and have it stacked all over the place, and this is the "clean" linen they out on the beds. Half of it touched the ground in the 10 mins I watched them folding it. Anyone want some crumbs in their bedding?!
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and modern room. Quiet atmosphere and friendly staff. Would recommend.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed here on our way through the Midwest. Normally, I find Super 8 Motels to be a good value, clean, fairly comfortable, etc., but this was a marked exception. The night clerk could not have been less interested in our being there. No greeting, no "thank you, enjoy your stay", not even a smile. 

The beds were very hard and the linens were itchy. Breakfast choices were dry cereal or a waffle - no breads, fruit, protein. 

The hotel requires a $50 pet deposit, which I have no problem with since it is refundable at check out. However, when I asked for my money back, I was only offered $33. The morning clerk said that Unfriendly Night Clerk had left a note stating that I had only paid $33 "because that's all she had with her". Um, noooo. I showed them my receipt that I had paid $50, but $33 is all she would give me back. Morning Clerk was about 1 degree friendlier overall than Night Clerk, but she quickly turned ugly when I insisted that I get my entire $50. She then called Night Clerk, who still insisted I had only given her $33. I raised my voice enough for her to hear (on the other end of the line) that I would be going straight to the Peoria Police Department to report her theft of my $17. Amazingly, she immediately changed her tune and told Morning Clerk that "oh wait - it was another room that paid $33..." Yeah, right. Morning Clerk slapped down the additional $17 and turned and walked away. Really? No apology for the misunderstanding? No "Thank you for staying with us"? Nothing?
