Super 8 Windsor ON
Rating: 1
Text: First of all, I am a Wyndham Platinum.
It was late and I was tired.
The hotel parking lot looked like the Home Boy Inn based on the vehicles present.
Second and the big one which appears to be mirrored in other reviews is that the desk refused to honor published online rates displayed on the Wyndham Website !
I personally would not recommend anyone to stay here ... There are many other choices available.
Rating: 1
Text: I don't understand how this place has any good reviews. I spend 5 months a year in hotels and this was one of the worst I've ever stayed at. The room was horribly dirty, there was exposed plaster on the bathroom door, mole in the corner of the shower, green camouflage duct tape covering holes on the blue couch, and the bed linens were  stained .Fortunately the staff was friendly and helpful, but I will never return due to the condition of the rooms
Rating: 5
Text: Nice rooms. Has two big paintings of Toronto skyline and ambassador bridge. Tv was decent and played show time. Breakfast is continental and included normally.
Rating: 1
Text: NEVER STAY HERE. The family that runs this location was always in the room with poor excuses for it. We were flooded from above and when the water leaked through the lighting fixtures they did nothing. One of the chairs in the room was in pieces. We had to have them replace the broken microwave and fridge. An outlet blew a fuse when we tried to use it. Between at least a dozen 'staff' no one ever seemed to know what was going on regardless of what we told the front desk. NEVER STAY HERE.
Rating: 3
Text: Generally friendly staff, though some were a bit pushy when considering buying snack items at the front desk. The bedrooms were consistently cleaned and tidy, if a bit dated. New paint, carpets and duvets would go a long way to bumping this up to a 4 or maybe even a 5. Just couldnt get over the overall feel of the place. All in all, a decent price (108 a night) for a two queen bedroom with 5 people in it, would be more worth it with new interior design. Bathroom was nice! Coffee pot in there was a little awkward though...
