Super 8 Coshocton Roscoe Village
Rating: 2
Text: Way overpriced and in need of an update. Breakfast had very limited selection but luckily there's a Bob Evans next door. The staff was pleasant so that was a plus. Not impressed.
Rating: 3
Text: Staff was friendly, and the pool was nice. Breakfast was the minimum of what you'd expect out of a hotel complimentary breakfast - not a lot offered.
Rating: 3
Text: I stayed here one night for work. It was slightly better than a typical super 8. The room was clean and spacious. The bed was comfortable. The room had a modern wall mounted flat screen TV with full cable and free Wi-Fi (that I didn't use). The room also had a mini fridge, but no microwave. The breakfast area had a waffle maker, cereal, prepackaged cinnamon rolls, donuts, and I believe bread and bagels. It also had the usual cranberry and orange juice machine and coffee thermoses. There is a Bob Evans right next door. I also noticed that there is an indoor pool as I was leaving.
Rating: 3
Text: Quiet hotel located just a couple blocks from Roscoe Village. Check-in was fast and easy. Room was clean, but the toilet didn't flush, which was disappointing. We were offered a different room, but it was upstairs, which wouldn't work for my mother (who was staying with me), so we stayed in our room. The toilet was fixed the next day while we were out. Our room (119) had a slightly musty smell to it, but my aunt and uncle's room across the hall didn't. The bed was comfortable enough for a good night's sleep. Odd numbered rooms face the back of the grounds with views of the foothills. Even numbered rooms overlook the parking lot. No elevator here, so if stairs are a problem, it would be best to request a first floor room. Our room had a nice, cold fridge, TV with cable, and free WiFi (strong signal but DSL Internet connection, so a bit slower than I had hoped for). No ironing board. The only unoccupied power outlets were the two at the sink, so if you need to power up while working at the desk or keep a phone charging on the nightstand, you'll need to unplug a room light, or else the clock radio, TV, or fridge. Might want to bring a power strip. Breakfast served 6-9 am. Small variety of packaged baked goods, waffle griddle, apple and orange juice dispenser, and coffee. I made a waffle and it was good. Would I stay here again? Maybe, but I might also want to try out another hotel instead.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was clean, and the staff was very friendly; we had a great stay.
