Super 8 Lees Summit
Rating: 3
Text: You get what you pay for. For 75$ (taxes not included) we got a nice room. Nothing over the top but it was nice. Bed was comfortable, towels looked ragged and had a stain on them but my husband was in love with the pillows. Breakfast was a bit lacking. They offered toast, yogurt, cereal, waffles and coffee. Coffee was very good. But for 75$/night, it seriously wasn't bad. I've stayed in hotels that charge more than what it's worth. But if you're in need of a nice hotel for cheap, this is the place to go. 
Rating: 3
Text: Room was clean and quieter than I expected it to be (likely due to checking in at 11:30pm), but the air conditioner barely worked. The staff was helpful and provided a box fan that helped cool the room. There was a large, dark stain on the hide-a-bed mattress, but the sheets were clean. Overall, the hotel was what you would expect out of a Super 8.
Rating: 4
Text: Nice room, comfortable beds, and friendliest people. Always love staying here! Close to all our destinations but quiet enough to get done much needed rest or relax by the pool
Rating: 3
Text: There was work going on but it seemed like it could be a little cleaner. Breakfast was included and decent. Pool was bath water warm and not refrehingly cool. All things considered, it was about what you would expect for the price if not a tad better. Service was good, no complaints there. Easy to find since it is right off the interstate.
Rating: 1
Text: This Super 8 really doesn't even deserve one star but it didn't give me that option. I stayed there this weekend. I made a reservation Friday night. When I got here they had it all messed up saying I only reserved the room that me and my husband were staying in for the weekend when I scheduled it for two. We got the family discount also so it was only going to be 147.64 for 2 nights. No problem right? Well we stood at the counter at 3am for 2 hours when we got there to just be treated rudely.  We ended up being charged over $200 for two nights cause of there mistake!  Not to mention there was barely any hot water, ants crawling all over, dirty sheets, dirty toilet, and very rude manager. I will never be going there again!
