Super 8 Gas City Marion Area
Rating: 2
Text: Check in was easy and the lady who checked us in was awesome and even helped us out with providing us with a pack and play for our son. The breakfast was alright not anything special. The rooms were cozy. Checking out in the morning was horrible. The lady told us the wrong check out time and then got an attitude and then she charged my card twice and was very rude when I called back to ask about it. The manager did do a good job at taking care of it though. Overall good stay expect for rude staff and being over charged
Rating: 5
Text: Managers Amy and Vanessa were amazing to deal with top notch customer service. We stay in a lot of hotels travelling across country and would highly recommend this hotel as one of the best we have stayed in!!!! All the amenities and more. The hotel cleaners Pam and Teri kept the rooms spotless. We travel with our dog and the hotel has a large grassy field for the dog to run behind the hotel. 
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent. This is the place to stay in the area. Clean, budget friendly, fantastic staff.
Amy and Vanessa that run the front desk are incredibly sweet, smart and take pride in their work and welcome you in here like its their home. Great job and thank you to both of you for a great stay.
Pam and Terri do a fantastic job cleaning, my girl used to clean houses, so she always inspects, and this place was clean!!!
I'll stay here always.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms are clean and nice. Great wifi. Breakfast is ok. Just off Route 69. I'd stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: I stay in Marion frequently for work. I've tried most hotels here and the Super 8 is definitely the best value for money. I stayed here for a week and found it to be a comfortable convenient stay.

Basic hotel, Outdated decor (chartreuse carpet and mauve furniture) but very clean and comfortable. Awesome staff. Clean bed! Lots of outlets for charging travel things.

Close to convenience store, fast food and better restaurants, both near the interstate and in Gas City (Payne's Fish and Chips is awesome, and try Kay's in Gas City)

Fridge, microwave, coffee maker, flat screen tv with PC hookups. All the same stuff as the Holiday Inn across the street.

T-Mobile LTE signal is available here (T-Mobile is mostly dead in Gas City/Marion)

Only complaint is with the WiFi. Not very reliable for streaming but certainly usable.
 
Also, no elevator. But they are accommodating to get you a room on the first floor if you require it.
