Super 8 Vincennes
Rating: 3
Text: Only one person working at the counter the morning breakfast was vending machine cinnamon rolls some cereal and waffles not much lacking an ice machine and our room the coffee pot was never cleaned and had mold in it the side to enter the building was broken so anyone could enter the place was looking a little run down
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed here 2 nights while visiting a family member at the hospital.   Only a mile from hospital.   Close to shopping and restaurants.  Clean rooms.   Indoor pool.   Breakfast could use more choices. Not fancy or pretty but good place for a good night's sleep 

Rating: 1
Text: Worst hotel experience ever. Management was very rude and unprofessional. I came from Oklahoma to visit my daughter and family. My best friend and her husband came from Ohio. Her father made her reservations online. The reason this Hotel was selected was first it had a pool, second it was close to my daughters house and third the price per night stay was not to bad. We all decided that we would swim with my best friend after they arrived so we could hang out because they would be tired after traveling all day. After they arrived, she called me and my daughter, her husband, myself, grand daughter and grandson came to her hotel to swim for a hour or so and then we planned dinner for the evening. Upon us arriving, my best friend said that she was told that they could not have guests in the pool. We then decided to rent a room so we could still swim and be able to hang out but was told we would have to rent two rooms at 89.99 a night even though the manager knew we just wanted to hang out with my best friend and swim for a little while due to the fact that they were tired from traveling. My best friend cannot endure a lot of physical activities due to a automobile accident. Swimming is an activity that does not hurt her body. Long story short we went to the pool park and my best friend stayed at the hotel and I was unable to spend that time with her. She was also told if she had any visitors in her room that they would throw them out without giving them their money back. So, I could not even go hang out with her at her hotel. I rented a room at the Marriott in the same city a few years back and had a wonderful stay without restrictions of hotel use.We were able to have my daughter and her family come swim with us , plus had a bar b que and had a get together of a family to which we never met in the hotel lobby area. We never take advantage of Hotel amenities but we always make our stay decisions on them according to our plans. Just because it says it has a pool, It has many restrictions so be careful. Also the manager embarrassed my best friend by coming out of the office after I went to her room with her while she used the restroom  and yelled at her saying you need to come to my office right now. This all took place within the first 30 minutes of her checking in.  Many other defects but personally unknown to myself. I cannot speak on them since I do not know and did not see them myself.
Rating: 5
Text: Spent one night.  The room was very cleaned and looks like it was recently remodeled.  Staff was pleasant and my stay was quiet. 
Rating: 4
Text: Nice-n-clean, breakfast could use upgrading.
