Super 8 York NE
Rating: 3
Text: Easy to find right off the interstate my kids loved that they were next to the big colorful balloon looking thing "water tower". They had a nice playground equipment for the kids. They did have a pool it was decent enough. Good parking. Could be lit up a bit better. Located right next to 2 fast food places. Overall a decent place.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is a dump. The continental breakfast is either a waffle or toast. The carpeting is disgusting at best. The pool has been closed for several years. The air unit in my room didn't work.  Out back there are some picnic tables with about 20 years of grime on them. Would it be possible to make an attempt at power washing them at least once a decade? 
The place should be torn down.
Rating: 3
Text: Friendly staff and good breakfast. Decent price for what you're getting. Would have stayed longer if the pool was working. It has been out since 2015. We have kids and really wanted a pool for them so we checked out early and went to the Victorian Inn next door. Super 8 has an old feel to it. Everything is old from the carpet to the paint on the walls to the sheets and blankets. Would have been good enough for just my husband and I but the kids really wanted a pool for entertainment.
Rating: 3
Text: I used to stay here quite often and always had a good experience. However, my last two stays have been disappointing. Broken shower in one room and another room that was dirty. If not for the last two stays it would get a higher rating. I'll probably give it one more try, but it will be my last if things don't improve from the last two times.
Rating: 2
Text: This place is old and dated, but was an OK place to sleep for the cheap price we paid. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Our TV did not work but they had a new one in the room for us within 20 minutes. The pool was closed, but our kids played on an ancient playground set that was right outside. The AC wasn't very cold, but was OK for the one night we were there. Breakfast did not have very many options. The Wifi was not working when we were there. On the plus side, the room was clean and we didn't pay much for it.
