Super 8 Omaha Eppley Airport/Carter Lake
Rating: 2
Text: great little stay for a night and front desk is very helpul.  rooms are nice. It  has a pool as well as a nice breakfast! great for kids and pets (with deposit). Upon checkout they tried to keep our deposit because the green blanket bedspread was missing (our housekeeper said someone probably forgot to put one back on). front desk handled it fine.  Rooms could've been cleaner found socks under bed from other guests and bathrooms could've been cleaner curtain had stains on it. Just inspect your room after you get it.
Rating: 5
Text: Very relaxing 2night stay! CLEAN COMFY ROOM, STAFF IS GREAT , ALWAYS READY TO HELP. INDOOR HEATED POOL, QUIET, PRICE? CANT FIND ANYTHING BETTER!!! ;) THANKS  Kristin
Rating: 1
Text: Will never stay at a Super 8 again. Had to post one star in order to write this review. We had an early flight to catch and some Wyndham rewards points to use so we booked this (horribly overpriced) hotel room at a discounted rate - not worth half of the discounted rate. Our sheets were still wet when we arrived at our room. The front desk attendant gave us some new ones to put on the bed, they were the wrong size. I went back to get more and successfully dressed the bed. Right outside of our room was a dead beetle. Inside our bathroom there was a beetle that was lying on its back, still very alive. The bathtub was still dirty. While the front desk attendant did his job well, this was the worst hotel I have stayed at. While returning home from my trip, I checked my bank account to find a $21 charge on my account for NO reason. I called immediately and this was quickly reversed but added fuel to the fire of why this establishment failed in every way to satisfy even the most basic standards a hotel should be able to provide. Save your time (and cleanliness) and shell out a few more bucks to stay at ANY other hotel in the area.
Rating: 1
Text: Unfortunately the staff was great. So I feel bad for saying negative things The no elevator thing sucks, but the room was decent sized and nice tv I would of stayed again because it’s a good price but I got eaten alive the first night and was moved to Ianother room I was so nervous about sleeping in the sheets I kept flashing my flashlight to see if I saw any creatures in the sheets. They didn’t compensate anything for this issue or even offer to. Just dissatisfied with the fact I am bit up I didn’t initially notice until later at the nail shop I saw clusters of red bumps and they itches like hell once I started I couldn’t stop being itchy I googled the bed bugs and they look exactly like the photos
Rating: 4
Text: Nice hotel and very inexpensive. No elevator so second floor guests must drag their luggage upstairs. Light breakfast a little lint I the fruit options, but they did have waffles. Pool and hot tub, but we didn't have time to use it. Same rectangular layout and central lobby, stairs of a super 8 where I stayed in Salt Lake City.
