Super 8 Adair IA
Rating: 4
Text: While this is an old building they have made efforts to update. It was very clean and spacious, the beds and pillows were fantastic. Air conditioning worked well and they had all the small things like a blow dryer and full body mirror, fridge and microwave. I often find at motels they do not give me enough washcloths and towels but there were plenty! 
Rating: 1
Text: It was alright. I like things to be a little cleaner. Turn the sheets back and it looks like someone has already slept in the beds. I think it's just because they aren't fitted sheets. I'm hoping anyway. You could see a hair through the pillow case ugh. I had my own pillow and blanket.
Rating: 3
Text: Staying here was alright. However we were charged more than advertised and we came in around midnight (and usually hotels give rooms away or add discounts), so that was a downside. The room had two bed which, I figured, explained the extra charge for the 2nd person. The lady at the front desk knew we are a couple so I'm not sure if she wanted to keep us in separate beds or just charge extra in a sneaky way. 1 night with 2 beds came to be over $70.
I have to say that the room was surprisingly cozy, clean and spacious. It had a microwave, coffee maker, and a mini fridge. The last thing was very useful to us, and they are hard to find in "economy class" hotels.
The gentleman who worked the front desk the next day (may 18 '17) was much nicer and gave me a bunch of food because we missed the breakfast. He also let us check out later than 11 a.m. and was very nice and understanding about it. House keepers are wonderful and do a great job keeping the rooms and common areas clean.

All together - not bad. You get your money's worth.
Rating: 3
Text: Such a long drive with many more miles to go the staff was very friendly and accommodating. Always fresh coffee and included in the price of the room which was very reasonably priced
Rating: 4
Text: Smelled of smoke, even in non-smoking hallway. Other than that, great experience. Large rooms, friendly staff, very comfy beds.
