Super 8 Grayson
Rating: 3
Text: It was alright. Not the best nor the worst but it's in a quite area. I will say that it had wood floors and I have never seen a motel have that. I actually liked the wood floors.
Rating: 4
Text: Front desk clerk assertive, kind and helpful. Jacuzzi king bed Room was surprisingly larger than expected. Bed comfy. Room clean. Amenities were clean, easy to find, and in perfect working condition. Love the gray and white tile throughout the room. Love the fact that I was able to take a hot Jacuzzi bath without running out of hot water before the huge tub was filled. 
Things to consider for change...offer continental hot breakfast. Better ventilation for removing smell of smoke. Even though I was in a non smoking room I was asked to sign a promissory complyment form that I would not smoke in the room. However, the room smelled like smoke upon my initial entrance. 
Rating: 1
Text: We got to our room and after inspecting the bed found out that the bed had bed bugs. Disgusted I went down to the front desk and she said they had just sprayed and they would give me another room. Obviously I was a little grossed out still because there was a bed bug in my room, so I bite and go to a different room. Although there was no bugs in this room the pull out couch was completely broken, like laying on the floor no frame broken. I walk down again and tell them that the bed is broken and they offer another room. At this point I'm irritated and don't even want to stay there so they offer me a complete refund and that I could go stay at the hotel across the street. The refund was going back on my card so it would take 3-5 business days, it was 11:00 at night at this point and I wouldn't even have the money to go rent another room. They give me another room, that wasn't that impressive and tell me a manager wasn't there tonight but they would notify them of the situation in the morning. So I begrudgingly take the room, completely inspect the entire thing and thank god find nothing in the room.
Come the next day I hear NOTHING from a memeber of management, no offer for any of my money back, or an apology. Honestly the most disappointing and disgusting hotel I've ever stayed in. They literally have bed bugs and couldn't care less about it. If I could give negative stars  I would.
Rating: 2
Text: The staff was helpful. We had to switch rooms because of noisey guests near us. We arrived at 12pm. I've never stayed at a hotel with walls so THIN! Regular talking in the rooms near us and the halls sounded like they were next to the bed. Add an upset baby and I slept possibly two hours.
Rating: 4
Text: Room was clean, comfortable and Spacey. I would have liked more towels. Breakfast was adequate. It should have been restocked. There wasn't much of a selection. Staff was very friendly and prices were reasonable.
