Super 8 Des Moines
Rating: 5
Text: This is the most modern and beautiful Super 8 I've ever been at. The breakfast is what I would expect. The beds are soft and comfortable.  Friendly staff. I enjoyed staying here. I would totally stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: Difficult to find the motel. Had a leaking toilet in our room, moved to another room. First room was adequate, clean, no problems except toilet. No one was available to fix it, so we were given another room. Second room was slightly smaller, but looks more updated. Room is not small, but smaller than first. Room was clean. Only complaint is the difference between the bottom of the tub and the floor, slight but came as a surprise as you get out of the tub. Desk clerk had quite a few problems, according to others waiting. Despite the problems, she remained very nice and pleasant.
Rating: 5
Text: I arrived to your hotel around 9 PM on Thursday, July 20 2017, riding my motorcycle from Boulder CO and planning to spend the night in Des Moines IA.
I made a reservation on the Wyndham Hotels website.
I arrived during a torrential rainstorm that soaked me and my equipment to my gills (-:
I was cordially welcomed by the receptionist at the desk, Josetta, who offered to dry my clothing and gear using the hotels' dryers. Josetta and the gentleman who assumed the next shift took care of my gear. I received it dry, folded in a bag with a refusal for a pay.
I was very touched by this act of fine courtesy and would like to express my deep appreciation!
Besides, I was surprised as to the quality of the mattress and bedding, the general room condition and the bathroom. All these definitely surpass what I came to expect from motels in this class.
I would definitely recommend your motel to anyone looking for an excellent deal on a decent motel room and an outstandingly attentive team to support it.
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed here the weekend of the Des Moines Marathon.  First the front desk tried to charge me for two rooms, when I clearly had only booked one (I had email confirmation).  They told me they could not cancel it because it was a non-refundable reservation.  I explained I was not trying to cancel a reservation, I was trying to get them to not charge me for a 2nd room I did not book.  The manager came over, and sorted the situation out.  I was refunded the money for the second room.  Then we got keys and headed to our room.  The hallways smelled like smoke, even though the rooms clearly had no smoking signs on them.  The bed in our room was the worst bed in any hotel I've ever stayed in, in my entire life.  It was stiff as a board, and I'm not exaggerating.  It was basically a box spring with a sheet on top of it.  I was so tired, I laid down and fell asleep regardless, but woke up with back pain, the morning of the marathon.  Will never be staying here again.
Rating: 1
Text: Bed was sleeping on plywood, pool was utterly disgusting and closed although nothing on website states this.  Television did not work, Toilet leaked, When we told staff they said that there was nothing they could do. refused to issue a refund so we could stay somewhere that was more comfortable.
