Super 8 Mound City
Rating: 4
Text: I haven't stayed at a super 8 in 20 years and I had very low expectations for this place. Surprisingly it was better than I thought it would be. Don't get me wrong, it's no 4 or 5 star hotel, but for a quick overnight stay while on the road this is a great option. It's an appropriately clean place to rest your head and shower, and the free complimentary breakfast in the morning helps you get on the road with a fresh start. I'd recommend holding off on better coffee though. It was pretty terrible. But the waffles are decent!
Rating: 5
Text: Very great place. Not overwhelmed by a last minute check in with pet (cat). Was very impressed with cashier. Very helpful. One of few hotel/motel that allows cats
Rating: 1
Text: My company booked 4 rooms for 3 nights for business reasons. 2 weeks later Super 8 calls and say they over booked on one of the nights and they would not honor our reservation.  I spoke with the manager who got lippy with me and rude so I returned fire. She blamed the fact that she was new to the hotel and the girl who booked the rooms did it wrong b y overriding the system.  She admitted that her employee made the mistake. I ask for compensation for the hassle, she said NO she has the right to refuse service to anyone. 

Here is the real reason, these room are during the total solar eclipse and she can $400 to $500 or more a night for each room of our rooms so she kicked us to the curb. This is why we booked our rooms 50 miles away from St Joe and early to make sure we had rooms we could afford. Now I have nothing!!!!!!!!!!

WORST SERVICE EVER... I AM CALLING MY LAWYER!! 
Don't believe your booking is good until you are in your room, and then they might throw you out if the get someone to pay more.
Rating: 4
Text: The service was friendly, the room was clean. The wifi was decent. What more can you ask of a budget accommodation?
Rating: 5
Text: - hard to see which pitcher has milk. Larger lettering on both sides.
-Sweep in front of entrance.
- Large construction dumpster next to entrance...ugly.
- WI-Do,,, does it work? Other hotels give instructions at time of check in. Thanks.
