Super 8 Collinsville St. Louis
Rating: 5
Text: This place is a very nice motel easy 15 min drive before going into St Louis! Very reasonable rates! Rooms are nice and cozy! Easy access to everything! Lots of room for parking and parking near the doors! If you need a good place to stay and are going to be in the St Louis area and don't want to stay in the big city I highly recommend this place you won't be disappointed
Rating: 4
Text: Nice room for the price and pet friendly to boot.  Room is very comfy and has fridge & microwave.  Several restaurants very close by including a steak house & Mexican restaurant across the street.  Four stars because the check in clerk could be more friendlier towards quests.
Rating: 4
Text: My stay was good. It was a stormy Saturday night. When I first arrived, around 8:30, there were some people hanging around the back of the building. I was more concerned about leaving my vehicle than my safety.
The hotel room was good for me. I just wanted to shower and sleep. I always wear earplugs so I didn't have any issues sleeping.
The breakfast was adequate; I have had better and worse.
My vehicle was safe; trip resumes
Rating: 4
Text: Front desk clerk was AMAZING. Room was great bed soft. Only thing I didn't care for was at almost midnight kids were running up and down the stairs and no one was stepping in to stop it. I'm aware the parent should have done that but since they didn't hotel staff sound have. 
Rating: 3
Text: I was given a room that previously had dogs so it had that unpleasant wet dog odor.  The chair was dirty with dog hair all over it so I didn't bother going near it.  Room was especially dark since the main bulb was removed and the A/C took a while to cool down the room.  Bed was comfortable enough and bed bug free.  Continental breakfast was empty by the time I got there in 7:30AM.  When I mentioned about the dog odor when checking out, the manager apologized and offered additional discount and was kind and courteous. Maybe I received the bad end of the stick because I checked in late?
