Super 8 Topeka/Wanamaker RD/I-70
Rating: 4
Text: This place was better than expected for an inexpensive hotel (and it is a hotel since it has a single entrance). The room was clean, the beds were comfortable, the TV had plenty of channels (although no sleep timer), and the wifi worked. There was a small refrigerator, microwave, coffee maker and safe. The staff was friendly. We didn't really eat any of the breakfast other than taking a banana (would have liked some other fruit too). This is a good place to stay if you need a quick stop.
Rating: 4
Text: Good service, front desk workers were really nice. They served a good breakfast (and good coffee, which is the most important part)! They allow pets for a small fee, so if you have pets that's great, but it could be a problem if you don't like them. There's a fridge and a safe in the rooms. It's a good price for what you get! It's an older hotel, but the rooms are a lot nicer than the halls.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent hotel of this class; kept extremely clean. Upon arrival we were warmly welcomed by Sandra. As for the hotel itself, from the kind, courteous, and friendly owners, to the meticulous, comfortable rooms with very well equipped breakfast room- our experience was nothing less than exceptional. Restaurants are within a short walking distance (just a few minutes). Would definitely recommend to everybody! It's a true sample of excellent hospitality and best value for money. Special vote of thanks and respect for Sandra and the general manager who do a great job there; a true sample of excellent hospitality!
Rating: 4
Text: Great motel for a really reasonable price.  The room, sheets and bathroom were very clean.  Our King bed room had a mini fridge and microwave.  The staff was nice and accommodating.
Rating: 1
Text: I have no idea how this place can even have more than one star. Run down and disgusting. Stains and burns on sheets and comforter. I've never stayed anywhere so gross. The camp ground bathroom along the way here was much cleaner than here.
