Super 8 Heath/Newark
Rating: 3
Text: Overall for a cheap hotel, really not bad. Of course you get what you pay for though. The bottom sheet didnt look very clean, and the pillows were really flat. But the rest of the room was clean, the shower was nice. The bed was comfortable, and the tv had good options. One of the guys working there was really nice, the other was kind of short with me. Like I said, you get what you pay for, but if you don't sweat the small stuff at a hotel then this is a good option.
Rating: 1
Text: I reserved a non smoking room for this hotel 7 months in advance as there was an event in town and I knew it was going to be a busy time.   Right before my stay they changed me to a smoking room.   I didn't have a choice and had to stay.   It was worse than sleeping in a dirty ash tray.   I think even a smoker would have been offended.   I am 99% sure the reason that I was moved to that room was that I was using Wyndham reward points instead of paying the 144.00 they wanted for the room.   I will be contacting Wyndham rewards to try and recover some of my points for that miserable experience.  Part 2:  I was booked for two nights and since there was a high demand for hotels in the area, the management at this hotel woke me up the next morning to harass me about whether or not I would be staying the next night as they had people wanting the room.  Really?  Lastly,  I just have to mention the sign in the room (and I wish I would have taken a picture of it) that stated "do not use towels for removal of makeup, or wiping up of blood or other bodily fluids etc"  -I have never seen that at any hotel I have stayed at and I've stayed at a few in my time.   Needless to say I didn't stay a second night.
Rating: 3
Text: Staff was very friendly and helpful. Room could have been a little cleaner. It needed vacuumed and there was stuff on the bathroom wall. The coffee maker in the room didnt work but there was coffee downstairs.
Rating: 3
Text: The first time I stayed, it was a super nice big room with excellent A/C and hot water, very clean and neat, nice microwave and refrigerator, had no problems. The second time we stayed it wasn't as nice. They placed us in the back of the hotel (farthest from the checkout desk) and the room was a ton smaller,  the A/C barely worked, the microwave was smaller, and we were placed by a bunch of rowdy people. They were extremely loud, blaring their music and tv with their window and door open, they kept propping the back doors open (suppose to be closed and secure), they let their dogs run around the parking lot without a leash, people smoking around the back entrance, a lot of them parked in more than one parking spots so that they had more space for their RV and their friends with them as well, they kept us up all night, couldn't get any sleep with the doors constantly slamming and people cussing/fighting with each other, being loud and disrespectful, didn't feel safe to go out. The non-smoking rooms are up a flight of stairs.
They need better management over situations like this.
Rating: 4
Text: Much better than the econo hole down the street!
