Super 8 Wichita Airport
Rating: 5
Text: Highly recommended...

It's not a five star hotel but for the price, this little gem can't be beat...

I was booked in another hotel which didn't allow smoking so I called around... Spoke with Ash and he was helpful beyond customer service... I knew then that the is the place to check...

Nice big room... Microwave and fridge... Little bathtub ... A desk and a sofa...

My other hotel was much nicer and more expensive and because the agent who booked  it refused to give me a refund, I kept that room too...

After a few days of moving between the two... I realizes I felt more at home here... 

That says it all ... I accept that this won't be the most comfortable but it's almost 1/3 the price and its more than comfortable... I've been here two weeks and haven't had a bad experience yet...(Hahaha... Ok... Except when they ran out of butter one morning... But Ash saved my waffles by finding some for me...)
Rating: 5
Text: Our room was clean the bed was comfortable and the pillows were just right. We did not hear any noise so we were quite satisfied 
We had our cat with us and was glad they accepted cats.
Other hotels said pet friendly don't necessarily mean that they accept cats.
We ate at the Lee's Chinese restaurant next door for dinner and ordered off the menu 
Food was good there and convenient 
 
Rating: 1
Text: The room is dirty. The air conditioner is in pieces and it leaks. Their remodeling so all of our furniture is still in the boxes except for the bed. Shower has black mold. The room is a no smoking room, and it smells like cigarettes and there are cigarette burns on the bedding. 
When I went to check into the hotel, the manager was talking on the phone and did not get off to greet me or check me in. The only reason I stayed is because it is the weekend of the Fourth of July, and everywhere else is completely booked.
Rating: 5
Text: Rooms always clean, staff friendly unless you need to sleep past 8 am. I have MS and every stay the maids knock twice and wake me then by 9 am the assistant manager is at the door demanding to know if I am staying another day. Check out time is noon. If I was physically able to get around that early I would. 
Rating: 1
Text: This was probably one of the worst hotels in have stayed at, but I went with it because it was a cheap online reservation. To start, when I checked in, the front desk clerk flew through the process, with barely enough time for me to speak if I had any questions.

When I went up to the room, I was hit with a very unpleasant and strong musty smell. It took a few minutes to get accustomed to it, although every time I left and came back, I walked into the room with the same smell.

The next thing I noticed was that the floor looked like it had not been vacuumed at all between the person that used it last and when I reserved it. I kept stepping on crumbs, so I was walking around the room with socks or shoes on most of the time.

Thankfully, the linens looked clean, although based on the condition of the rest of the room, I'm not sure how clean they actually were.

As I was getting ready to check out this morning and I was gathering my things, I dropped something and it rolled under the bed, fortunately not too far. When I looked under the bed to find it, I saw a half chewed dog bone. Who knows how long that's been there? I had to stifle a gag.

So, if you're looking to find a budget hotel near the Wichita airport, there are so many places with a similar cost that you could, and probably should, go with.
