Super 8 North Platte
Rating: 3
Text: I have rave reviews for the people that work at this Super 8.The room seemed very clean. however, the mattresses in the room that we stayed in were the worst ever.  I could feel the metal springs when I sat or laid on the bed.   It was too late in the night to move to another room.  I called the people at the front desk and they brought two super thick blankets, that I doubled over and put across the mattress.  At least then I could sleep comfortably.  I have always been pleased with Super 8, however, on my return trip we stayed at the Howard Johnson's and were very pleased with the beds.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was easy to find and our room, though upstairs, was fairly close to the door to the parking lot; it wasn't a long trip from the car to our room. There was a mini fridge and coffee along with TV, so basically fully equipped. The rooms were very nice for the price we paid to stay there: very clean, soft mattresses, double curtains - one blackout and one that let the light in without letting people observe you from the parking lot. The only problems we encountered were two: my phone didn't charge well overnight, and I believe that was due to the electrical socket, not the charger; and no matter how hard we searched, we couldn't find the weather channel on TV. Possibly they don't have it, which seems rather odd. They do have free WiFi, though, and I suppose that's probably what most people use to check the weather these days. It's somewhat annoying to have to watch an ad to get online, but I much prefer it over having to pay. Overall, would definitely stay again.
Rating: 2
Text: The staff is nice but the rooms could be cleaner, the carpet was filthy. There is free breakfast but it's hard to enjoy--the lady in charge of cleaning it stares at you while you eat and swoops to get every little crumb. She stands in front of the food watching the room making breakfast hard to get to-- I appreciate wanting to keep the breakfast area clean, but tone it down a little-put some of the effort into keeping the rooms clean.
Rating: 2
Text: First I have to say that I typically don't stay in hotels like this and this was just a quick stop on the road. However, it was rated so well that I thought I should share a few things: While it was clean, the blankets and sheets were old enough that they seemed dirty. Breakfast was decent: waffles, fruit, toast, cereal. Overall, it was a great pass through hotel and it was the right price, but would I choose to do it again? No.
Rating: 5
Text: Hotwire deal. Room was clean and quiet, good value on a roadie. Sleep shower and go? This was just fine.
