Super 8 Columbus
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel people were so hospitable. They made sure we had what we needed. It was clean and kept clean. I was there long term and it was in a great location, food stores and restaurants all in walking distance. I would like to thank them for making my stay feel like home.
Rating: 1
Text: When we got there the staff was not very helpful or nice. We stayed there for 3 months and they always acted scared of my dog and ran away from him. They charged our card with out telling us and when ever he wanted. The rooms where okay. But there was never any hot water. I'd never go back.
Rating: 1
Text: Amenities are pretty on par with what you would expect with a budget hotel in Rural America.  The service however was unacceptable. 

The clerk asked inappropriate questions at check-in (including my marital status and where my husband was), made overt comments about my body the next morning, and watched out the door/followed me in the parking lot as I left. I have never felt so violated in my life. I reported the sexual harassment to Wyndham and the local manager and was called a liar. No apology, no corrective action, no commitment to doing better. 

Never stay at this hotel.  I didn't feel safe even prior to the comments about my body ( I slept with a chair in front of the door), after that I couldn't get out fast enough. 

I have traveled a lot and have never experienced something like this and I hope NO ONE every has to experience this again.
Rating: 2
Text: Check-in was nearly botched by an incompetent clerk. Our room was still being cleaned when we tried to enter.  The AC wasn't even on, even though it was 98 outside with a heat index of 105.  When we turned on the AC, and had it as cold as it would get, it took all night to even get the room comfortably cool.  

We skipped the free breakfast they provided because it looked gross.  Had to go get something from McDonald's.  We were gone all day for a softball tournament.  Come back to clean up before going out to dinner, only to discover they hadn't even touched our room to clean.  We had to phone to the front desk to ask for clean towels and washcloths.  

So looking forward to getting out of here in about a couple hours and never coming back. This has got to be the worse place to stay in Columbus because I've stayed at a couple other places and they weren't even close to being this bad.
Rating: 4
Text: It was really nice and clean but the only thing was i walked in the room and the air was off and it was hot so we had to go somwhere until the room cooled down because we had to turn in the air
