Super 8 Evansville North
Rating: 5
Text: Clean and very reasonable.  I travel weekly on business, and this place was exactly what I was looking for.  Lacked enough plugs where I needed to do my paperwork told the manager and he took care of it no problem.  Keep up the good work Dray.
Rating: 3
Text: Well the staff is super friendly!  Beds are hard as rocks, not sure it wasn't just 2 box springs. Blankets were rough and old. Pillows were flat. The room was clean enough but in need of a deep clean. I appreciate the military discount and free basic breakfast.  Wasn't a planned stop so it will do. 
Rating: 5
Text: We had a great visit.  Very friendly staff and quick to take care of any request.   Will stay again next month when I visit the area again.
Rating: 4
Text: I recently stayed at this property as it was convenient to I-64. I did not have a reservation and there were many hotels to chose from nearby but I was looking for value and was very pleasantly surprised. There is adequate parking for large vehicles as well. Check in was fast and efficient and the night time desk clerk was very friendly and accommodating. I was very happy with the rate and they also honored my AAA discount.

I was given a second floor room which had recently been upgraded. The decor and bedding were very nice, on the trendy side. The bed was very comfortable and the hotel was quiet. The bathroom had been upgraded as well with granite and a plenty of hot water. One thing, alot of white/light colored debris on carpet near walls. Initially, I thought the carpet was dirty but upon closer examination right next to the wall, I realized it was paint splatter from where the carpet had not been covered when upgraded. I would totally have the painter's butt for this as the carpet is brand new and very nice. Not only did they get it on the carpet but on the bed dust ruffle as well. The room was very clean, no odor and just overall very acceptable.

Breakfast was standard hotel fare with cereal, hot coffee, juice, toast, prepackaged cinnamon rolls and waffles.
Rating: 2
Text: Only leaving a 2 star because this hotel upon walk-in was disgusting. We show up after booking through Expedia and the room they try to put us in, the key won't work. We go back to the desk and they gladly put us in another room! When you walk through the hallway, all you see is the dry wall and wood showing through. Once you get to a drinking fountain there is black mold growing around the outside wall leading to the fountains. I can understand redoing part of the hotel, but at least block it off until finished. We get into our new room and we were pleased so far. The beds need updated and aren't very comfortable. The pillows are all flat and the room has a funky smell. We go to turn the lamp on and the light bulb socket fell into my hand. 
Overall the front desk attendants are so so. One was a 5/5 another was a 2/5. 
The room was probably a 3/5. The bathroom was way to small, also.
The facility though was more of a 1/5.. It was pretty disgusting.
