Super 8 Junction City
Rating: 5
Text: This place is Great! I arrived in Junction City to visit a friend at Fort Riley with no certain place to stay in mind, after checking out some of the local motels I came here. The manager Sterling was very friendly and inviting! The night employee Austin as well. The room was very clean and modern, I also really appreciated the fact that all rooms were non smoking and rates perfect. I will choose this as the go to next time in town, and definitely recommend it over the other choices! Thanks again Super 8!!
Rating: 5
Text: Staff is very friendly and accommodating. The room is clean and smells good. I like the big framed photos over the beds. The TV is a bit small but the picture quality is good. WiFi is not password protected, anyone can access it. I'm not sure why it's unprotected. Very good value for the price.
Rating: 1
Text: I will never stay here again. We've stayed here in the past and it was good, but the new management sucks. I stayed here with my husband and 2 kids. When I checked in, they tried to give me a room with 1 king bed. I had reserved a room with a king and a sleeper sofa. The lady at the desk sat there arguing with me about the room I booked. I finally had to show her my copy of the reservation before she would believe me. She then complained about all the other staff members and how they never do their jobs and she has to do everything for the next 5-10 minutes as she fixed my room.

We finally got to our room and found there were 3 pillows, 3 towels and no sheets for the sleeper sofa. When I called and requested extra pillows and the rest, I was told that I only could have 1 pillow because they only had enough for 1 per guest.

That evening when my kids took showers, the tub wasn't draining well. The next morning when I took a shower, I end up in 3 inches of standing water by the time I was done. My husband went to tell them about it and request a room change and was told to deal. He demanded his money back and threatened to call corporate before they switched our rooms.

Unfortunately, the only good part of the new room was the shower worked. The sheets were stained and the mattresses were broken. That was the worst nights sleep ever.

We were supposed to stay at that hotel a week later when we came back though town. We cancelled our reservation and booked elsewhere. I'd rather pay a little more for a clean and friendly hotel. We will never stay there again.
Rating: 3
Text: Was an older hotel. Bit run down with things falling apart. Toilet wasn't clean and there was trash under the beds, but it was clean otherwise. Towel rack fell apart. But the sheets were fresh, the shower worked fine, and the pillow was very comfortable. There was a decent variety for breakfast. Biscuits and gravy was bland, but there were some healthy options, like yogurt, bran cereal, oatmeal, fruit cups, plus waffle maker, toast, and cinnamon rolls. Coffee was good, and hot. We also really liked and appreciated that the management allowed the front desk lady to bring her baby to work with her. We are happy to support businesses that value and support mothers and families. 
Rating: 2
Text: Not what I remember a Super 8 should be. Seamed to be run by young, inexperienced people. Don't stay on the McDonald's side. If there is rain expected. We woke up to a flood. Because of the way McDonald's raised the grade on there lot. There needs to be drainage work done on the hotel side
