Super 8 Jasper
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty good service. Our room got mixed up, but was easily fixed and quickly fixed. The rooms were nice and clean and welcoming. It was the best Super 8 I have ever been to or seen. I would recommend this hotel for a nice place to stay for a reasonable price.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent service. Very clean. Helpful staff. Fresh things in breakfast. Everything for a very affordable price.
Rating: 1
Text: It seemed like everything was okay for the price until my daughter seen a BUG crawling under my bed. I couldn't sleep!!! While sitting in the bed my daughter located the BUG crawling on the side of the bed. Tried calling the front desk NO answer. Once I located the attendant to and informed him of the issue he was not concerned. He agreed to change our rooms. I moved our belongs to the other room only to find a BUG in the bathroom of the new room. Needless to say I didn't get any sleep. After driving all night arrive at the hotel at 3am the last thing I wanted to do was sleep with one eye open. Cheap is not always better! 
Rating: 1
Text: No phones that work to call front desk, no working tv remotes, no sugar for coffee or cereal.... told us to "reprogram remote then if that doesnt work we will move you rooms!" REALLY???!!!! for the price of these rooms this is unacceptable!! Will not be staying at another Super 8 ever again, nor will we recommend anyone else to!!
Rating: 2
Text: I arrive at 12:21am after a long drive to find the front desk unattended. After twice ringing an electronic door bell at the front desk, no one responds. I temporarily use the sofa in the lobby to take a nap, later awakened 15 minutes later by a phone call for the front desk that also goes unanswered... Finally, the manager peeks in from the 2nd floor... He is quick to apologize. I have to help him find my reservation. Then I get to a room, small but not cramped, clean but smelling of cigarette smoke. While it looks like the fixtures and furniture did get a face lift from the last time I visited, this will be the last time I come here. The service has never been the same since this place (started its life as a Sleep Inn) was sold and became a Super 8. And the carpets are still the same as when it originally opened in the 1990's. It's the worst Super 8 I've ever visited, makes a bad name for the brand.
