Super 8 Mason
Rating: 5
Text: It's affordable, clean, and comfortable.  I've never seen anything gross while here.  I stay here when I'm visiting friends and have never had a problem.  Staff is courteous and the breakfast is really good.  The playground is cute too.

5 out of 5 for what an inexpensive motel should be.
Rating: 1
Text: The staff snuck in my room while I was at work thank goodness I had someone in there who witnessed it. They took my cash said the receipt machine was down then later knocked on my door and said I didn't pay. Of course I had no proof and they wouldn't watch the cameras. They gave me a bill for random fees and called mason police when I denied the charges I stayed there almost a month and that is how they treated me. It is old and out dated. They do not have a gym as advertised.  They need to lower their price or better their service. It felt racially profiled. This place is not to be trusted. I stayed here for an extended time and was not treated respectfully. No special weekly rates for me when I stayed. Would not return or recommend.
Rating: 5
Text: This wasn't my first choice but due to Jazz festival all hotels in area were double in price for the weekend. So this fit my budget. Our room was clean, mattress's were new and comfortable. Yes I checked for bed bugs and ther were NONE! Had a mini fridge and small microwave and coffee maker. For an older hotel/motel I was pleased. The Pool is wonderful.. open til midnight. Plenty of lounge chairs and tables. Great covered patio. It was great to come back from Kings Island and the kids could play in the pool. Nice breakfast in the morning.. waffles, biscuits and gravy, cereal, muffins, juice and coffee. Family that owns it was very nice.. would stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty good value for the money. Great staff and breakfast. Clean!  Not updated but that's not as important as service and cleanliness!
Rating: 3
Text: Limited breakfast and beds seemed dated but cleanly otherwise. Also no door between toilet/ shower and sink area, only one to close it all off; inconvenient for multiple people
