Super 8 South Bend
Rating: 2
Text: The staff was very nice, and our room looked freshly painted. Our refrigerator, and air conditioning worked very well.  The pool was clean and the water was hot tub temperature.  Note that the the pool is very small, the size of a very large hot tub, with a 20 person Max capacity.   All that said, the over all feeling was that of corners being cut: Thus the note on the cinnamon buns (see photo). We had 1 and a half pillows on each queen bed for 4 people. The pillows were so worn, they were folded in half in the pillow case to be the size of a square throw pillow. When we asked, no more pillows we're available.  The snack vending machine was full, but out of order. The floors in the lobby and dining area were sticky as well as in the elevator and appeared not completely clean. The floor in our bathroom could have been cleaner, and the carpet in our room had that feel to it as well.  We had bar soap and one small bottle of shampoo provided for a 4 person capacity room, and no conditioner.  Acceptable at a much lower rate maybe, but not at all what you would expect for the $110 night that was charged.
Rating: 1
Text: Fine I guess?? Clean enough, technically. but shady activity and the wifi was so crappy it was basically unusable because it disconnected constantly. I was told it was disconnecting because it was raining? The fridge didn't stay cold and smelled terrible
Rating: 2
Text: Cheaply made hotel. You can hear the people above you moving around all night. People in the rooms next to you... In the hallway.. Bring some ear plugs. Room was not completely clean either. There was still marks on the bathroom faucet from the previous guest's toothpaste spit. At least the beds were sort of OK and there's a continental breakfast.
Rating: 3
Text: Overall a decent stay. Provided a good night's rest. Room was a bit dingy and dirty and lacked the polish of other hotels, but what can you say. It's the Super 8. Comfy beds and a cheap price to stay. Pool looked over chlorinated and the AC unit in our room randomly made a loud, terrible noise throughout the night. That said, I never complained about it because it was a short stay, so I can't say they wouldn't have done something to fix it had I done so. Staff was kind and friendly. Location is a bit hidden away and not near the other hotels in South Bend. Made for a quiet stay as there was not much else in the area, but it was close enough to the rest of the city to be convenient.
Rating: 2
Text: Stay there 4 nights and other than one front desk lady who had long reddish  hair the others were very unprofessional. Also kids were noisy and running up and down the hallways into until after midnight we had to tell them to be quiet couple times. The adults were not much more quiet than the kids. Place was not as cleaned as expected & the bed sheets were never changed in those 4 days. First time we stayed there back in 2009 it was great! Don't think I'll be staying there again unless I have no choice, there's too many other hotels not to have a choice.
