Super 8 McHenry
Rating: 1
Text: I checked in, paid, went into the room and saw only one bed. I checked in a double room and went down to the clerk to address that I reserved a double room. Clerk stated double room means one bed and that I was only one person so I only needed on bed. I asked what the coat would be for a two bed room, he quoted me and I refused to pay more for something I reserved. I took my key and said calmly (I swear I was calm as can be) "I'll remember this come review time." He requested I couldn't.e back, demanded my key and said if I went to the room the key wouldn't work and I was no longer welcome to stay. Refunded my money and gestured to call the police which I welcomed as I did nothing wrong. Never again will I stay at ANY Super 8 ANYWHERE. Horrible
Rating: 2
Text: Not the worst place I've stayed, but I wouldn't stay here again. Staff was very nice.
Rating: 1
Text: Checked in at almost 2am with my gf after working ALL day and not wanting to drive all the way home.. We just wanted a shower and sleep... When we asked if we could check out at noon instead of 11 we got told no.. "You have enough time" .. 
  We get to room. Its humid. Stinks of sweaty chlorine armpit cheese.. So we have to keep the ac cranked to 11 all night...no alarm clock. Thank god for cell phones since they are so anal about checkouts...  Shower head was broken... Light bulbs missing from lights... They only provide 2 pillows.. If you wanna call em that. I could fold a pair of shorts and it would be thicker... When we woke up in the AM we also noticed someone had ripped out the smoke detector and it was never replaced... 
Ive stayed at nicer hotels for half the cost (cost 99$ after taxes)
 My advice. If ya gotta stay here. Poop the bed and crank the heat up in your room. It'll make it more comfortable..
Rating: 4
Text: The room was very clean and comfortable. Front desk staff was very polite and engaging. We were in town for the Spartan race, and there were a lot of people checking in. Staff made a point to speak with everyone
Rating: 1
Text: Ridiculous. Called and reserved ahead of time. Get there after a long night. Guy at the front desk cant find my name in the computer but the money came out of my account. Had to sleep in my car. Worst customer service i have ever had at a hotel.
