Super 8 Elizabethtown
Rating: 5
Text: Currently staying here for two day. This place is wonderful. Staff is super friendly. Only down fall is they charge for a service dog. But, I honestly don't know Kentucky's law on Service animals. Room was very clean and did not have an odor. A/C works great.  I recommend this hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed because it was pet friendly & were traveling w/ a small dog. It was almost midnight when we checked in. The night time front desk clerk was very nice. Lobby was somewhat clean. It was a bit pricy for what we got. It went down hill from there. Our room keys didn't work. Had to run back to desk before it closed ( closed from midnight to 6am) once in room we had fleas jumping on us. By that time it was after midnight. Bathroom walls were dirty with dark brown spots. When I got in bed I felt something at my feet. Pulling down covers I found a cleaning rag. The security door at the back of the building where our room was did not latch and a mattress was laying in the grass. We will never stay at any Super 8 again. Morning couldn't come soon enough.
Rating: 1
Text: If you want to walk into a room already occupied, scramble to explain to a 6 year old what the screaming and spanking is going down the hallway, clean pubes off the toilet so you can sit, or wake up to find you slept in semen stained sheets this is your place.... 

What a wonderful nights rest after 12 hours of driving! 

As posted by others if it were safe for me to continue driving and if I could've gotten a refund I would've. All we were expecting was to walk into a clean non-smoking room where we could lay down in bed and use the restroom without having to do any cleaning ourselves first.

Thankful we didn't walk in on anyone in our first room.
Rating: 2
Text: Would not recommend this place. Needs a good cleaning, rooms and hall ways. Coverlet on bed should have been thrown away. Inside pool was closed. Breakfast choices were very limited.
Rating: 1
Text: In need of some MAJOR updates. We reserved a non smoking room. The first room we had was supposed to be nonsmoking but it had an ashtray and smelled of smoke. Front desk clerk promptly moved us. This room was better but the carpet was Nasty! We have found 2 bugs in the room, the bathroom floor needs mopped, shower had mold or mildew & door jam is coming apart. Dirty towels in the bathroom & on the floor. We will not be staying here again. If our room hadn't been nonrefundable, we would've left the first night. For the price, I was expecting a decent & clean place to sleep. Like I said, we will not be back & will be making others aware. 
