Super 8 Kansas City
Rating: 1
Text: The room we originally checked into smelled of mold/mildew so we asked for another one and the kind lady behind the counter obliged and we received a new room which smelled just as bad. The establishment must have an odor problem due to the industrial sized air fresheners in the hallways. The hotel looks newly renovated, however, it looks like the work was done poorly due to shifty work in the bathrooms and peeling paint in the showers. Being the one of the cheapest places in KC, I still feel the price did not match the quality of the facility. If they want to continue business I would recommend taking care of the mildew problem.
Rating: 3
Text: The location is very convenient for the "X of Fun" complex. Amenity-wise, you get what you pay for, and this is a value chain. That said, there were no significant issues when we were here, and the few concerns that arose were quickly and happily resolved by the very pleasant desk staff.
Rating: 2
Text: Lobby is very nice giving the appearance that the whole place is nice. Not so much. The entire second floor had a very overwhelming smell of baby powder, not just a subtle smell, but assaulting your nose strong. They had to have been trying to mask some foul odour. Room 220 was infested with flying ants, we killed about 40 in one night. The room left a lot to be desired. It was clean on the surface, but the baseboards, behind furniture and edges of the carpet were very dirty and dusty. Wouldn't stay again, nor would I recommend. EDIT After reading more reviews I have determined that this place has had ants for at least 7 years. How has no one resolved this problem in 7 YEARS!!?? STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!
Rating: 4
Text: We checked in late and left fairly early but, the room and lobby were clean. Breakfast was good and there were quite of few other guests there at the same time. Overall, we enjoyed the stay
Rating: 2
Text: Classic bait and switch. They increased the price at check-in. Owners are too cheap to do anything worthwhile. Paint lines were off, every mirror i saw was hung crooked, dirty carpet in the lobby. It is a decent building with a ton of potential, but i suspect when the place was last renovated the owner or management went as cheap as possible. Unfortunately for the building and my experience, you get what you paid for...
