Super 8 Lincoln West
Rating: 1
Text: I booked a room for this hotel through an outside booking site. As it turned out, I needed to cancel the booking. I did so within the allotted time frame, received confirmation that I would not be charged. Lo and behold, they charged me. Not the outside company, the hotel itself. As soon as I discovered the error, I contacted the hotel. I was told there was no manager on site, and to call back tomorrow. I told the person I was speaking with that the manager needed to call me. I was assured she would. I received no call back by the following afternoon, so I called again. Was told no manager was there at that time. Was told to call back the next day as the front desk lady "did not keep the managers hours for them". I told her I had already requested a call back and did not receive one. I told her I expected one first thing the next day or I would be contacting their corporate number. I called again the next day just before noon, since I did not receive a call AGAIN. Was told to try back at different times, the manager was in but busy, or not in, she wasn't sure. At that point I called the corporate number. They were very helpful and courteous, yet they said it was the outside booking company's fault, and to contact them. I have to this date received no refund, and NO call from the hotel itself. Absolutely awful.

I have contacted the outside booking company twice now, they submitted request for my refund to the hotel and the hotel has STILL not responded to me or the outside company regarding that request.
Rating: 5
Text: The gent at check in was nice and quite attentive for 0100 when we arrived. Room was ~$75, booked onsite, was clean and nice enough for the few hours we were there. No real protein in the breakfast save for the gravy on the biscuits. Only real issue was there wasn't signage on how to get into the lot. We ended up circling the block (~1 mile) to get back to the correct road.
Rating: 4
Text: Basic amenities. Clean rooms. Comfortable beds. Kinda wierd smell from the AC unit, but I got used to it. Nice attendant at the front desk. Cheap price. Will come again. :)
Rating: 3
Text: I have stayed at this Super 8 many times and for the most part it has been very clean and comfortable.  I would share two concerns with others via this review however.  

First, all of the rooms I have stayed in were fine with the exception of the last one, room 107.  It has a door to the outside and apparently when it rains, the water comes in under the door.  As a result the room smells musty and the carpet is badly stained.  I would refuse this room in the future.  

Second, the continental breakfast is of no value for any of us diabetics.  Other than a pre-cooked "hard egg" every other item on the breakfast counter is cold or loaded with sugar.  You'll have to go somewhere else for breakfast if you want to have something more in line with what you should be eating.  Some scrambled eggs or simple hot oatmeal without being preloaded with sugar would be a great addition.

Otherwise, not a bad value for a Super 8 level motel.
Rating: 4
Text: Cozy room and quick check-out. Nice overnight stop on a long road trip
