Super 8 Union
Rating: 4
Text: Great place to stay! Will definitely return again and again. Awesome staff that go out of the way to make sure your stay is like walking into home. The only complaint we have is the morning breakfast had slipped dramatically. Even charging $2.00 for biscuits and sausage. A little tacky for travelers who may be on the road for several hours until their next stop. If you're going to advertise a hot breakfast, at least l let the guests know that you are charging that will give them an option of crossing the road for MacDonald's and a better breakfast
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms are very nicely appointed. The staff at the hotel is AMAZING, and consistently goes out of their way to ensure an amazing guest experience. Greg, Paul, Kim (Assistant Manager), and Kim have been absolutely fantastic. They always have a ready smile, a friendly welcome, and great recommendations for area attractions and food. We will go out of our way to stay at the Union Super 8 every time we have the opportunity.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst night of our lives! We were in town for a wedding.The room was dirty-floor not vacummed, the shower not clean and previous toothpaste spit on the floor! The front desk, very unprofessional!! They called us all night long. The last time being at 2am, wanting to know if we had our shower or sink on since water was leaking through the floor on top of them at the front desk. NO!!! Our plumbing was not on and they were waking us up all night long!! Turns out, the hallway air-conditioner was leaking! We finally left at 6am and will NEVER come back to this town again! People, find another hotel in this little hick town!
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome stay at this location...  Rooms are very clean, beds are comfortable, rooms smell fresh.  Breakfast was good....  I would definitely stay here again in my travels..... Thanks Super 8 for your hospitality...... I can not speak for the entire hotel but where I was located on the first floor the WiFi was very fast with strong signal. 
Rating: 5
Text: I usually stay at the Marriott's or nicer hotels. However, I was very happy with my stay at Super 8.  Clean rooms and the bed was one the most comfortablest beds Ive ever slept on. I will definitely consider Super 8 in the future.
