Super 8 Norfolk
Rating: 1
Text: My husband and I travel often and stay at a lot of hotels, this hotel was the worst. 
The room, which was supposed to be non-smoking reaked, the bed was uncomfortable and the pillows were flat. I understand that Super 8 is not notorious for for their amenities but this was disgusting. 
We were put in a room under the stairs spent 1 sleepless night listening to people going up and down. An employee of the hotel used the adjacent room, beginning at 4:30am as her personal bathroom. As we left we were made aware that there was a continental breakfast, which we missed. 
When we checked out were told we would be refunded. That did not happen. We were charged for not one, but TWO nights! I called to clear this up and was informed that the manager would not be refunding any amount. My husband spoke to the manager, who was extremely rude and condescending, this man told my husband that if we were unsatisfied we should have said something sooner. Sooner than check out? 

Our experience with this hotel has been the worst experience with the hospitality industry. 
Do your self a favor and don't stay here.
Rating: 1
Text: Walking in it reeks of smoke, I looked past it and went to our hotel room where the door consistently jams...to a point that I thought someone else was occupying the room. Upon entering the room the decor is updated however it's clear the rooms aren't cleaned. I discovered a rather large woman's hair clip under the desk and there's a large empty shoebox behind the recliner. All the table lamps were unplugged as well so I had to pull the king size bed away from the wall so I could plug them in. I will definitely be spending a few extra bucks a night next time to ensure I have a clean room at the very least.
Rating: 4
Text: A nice little hotel with friendly staff. An interesting layout, almost like a split home which made it fun. The hotel looked a little dingy on the outside but the rooms were nice, quaint, and comfortable.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could put no stars I would. They might be improving on things but my job books hotels for us and if I could leave I'd leave in a heart beat! My room was INFESTED with baby bed bugs and I got bit all over with being on the bed for 5 minutes. I had such a bad reaction to it and I went to the lobby and when he came into the room my roommate and i showed him and he moved us to another room. A coworker bought bed bug spray to help just in case they was in this one too. I was approached by a man asking if I knew about this place having bedbugs. THERE ROOM HAD THEM TOO AND HIS WIFE WAS BEING BIT! same floor different room! They might have replaced some of the beds but not all and should have done so! Horrible nasty place. If you see this now, do not come here unless you want to be eaten by bedbugs! 
Rating: 1
Text: very awful hotel! yesterday I cought on my bed bedbug (it a pity that I didn't take a photo); I see trash outside  4th day and nobody cleans that
but the worst it was bedbug
