Super 8 Cape Girardeau
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is definitely a big step up from the Townhouse In!!!!! The price was $59.99 a night and you get all extras with it, such as Free Breakfast! The rooms are well cleaned, stocked up (towels, wash cloths, hand towels, soap,shampoo,coffee and maker). The rooms also come with a mini refrigerator, and microwave. And in the summer months they also have a nice pool!! All in all this place was a very nice humble place to stay.
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed here two years ago and several improvements were being made.  We came back this year and were so disappointed with condition.  We left at a little after 7:00 am to participate in golf tournament and returned at 2:00 pm.  Our room had not been attended.  So we went to office and picked up clean towels and advised situation.  No apology, just told guests staying more than one night are rooms done last.  Was offered to get room cleaned and we told them we needed to take showers and rest so to not send anyone.  Was advised to put do not disturb on door.  Well, if there was one, we would have.  All I will say about breakfast is you better be there the minute they open or pretty much go without!!!  This is a budget motel but not worth it.  


Rating: 5
Text: Such nice people who work there.  They helped me find my momma and walked me all the way to where she was located.  So helpful.  They also have beautiful peacocks on the grounds.  It was a good experience for what it was.
Rating: 3
Text: Tiny little peices of the renovations weren't don't or looked like they would be done housekeeping could use to be a bit more thorough cleaning and definitely taught how to do a hospital corner
Rating: 1
Text: Avoid this place at all cost they charged my wifes card and wouldnt let us stay there because they said the card wouldnt go through so we left and found another place when we got back home and checked with the bank we found out that they charged us 100 dollars for a room that we never even set foot in of course when we call the manager and tell him he gives us the run around and dosent want to give the money back this was back in September and were still fighting these idiots to get our money back. Very shady people
