Super 8 Butler
Rating: 1
Text: No fridge and no microwave. The coffee pot didn't work very well either. The worst was the bugs. The room had evidently been sprayed because a couple of roaches were in death throes. There were also several dead ones along the baseboard under the sink. Also had to kill 3 still alive.  Would have left if we hadn't been so tired. On the positive side the bed was comfortable and location was quiet. Will not stay again.
Rating: 1
Text: Holy hell. You don't want to stay here. Not only did someone piss in the staff's Cheerios, but Chernobyl offers healthier accommodations. I'm serious - I would rather curl up in a sleeping bag on the remains of a defunct nuclear reactor than put my head on one of these pillows. Stay at the Days Inn across the street; the two hotels are owned by the same people, but you're better off sleeping under an overpass and bathing in river water than staying at the Super 8. Just a sliver of the story: we wanted our money back because there were dozens of roaches in the overhead light fixture. The front desk clerk refused, and told us that "it's okay because they're on the other side." Then the manager told me I was lying. I will close by inviting both of them to have sex with themselves and uploading a pictorial of this hell on earth.
Rating: 5
Text: I am a trucker, only stayed for the night while passing thru.  Nice.  Easy access. Big rig parking.  Friendly stuff
Rating: 1
Text: When my husband booked this room he was told he could cancel the reservation up to 48 hours before the arrival date, that call was recorded.  My husband found the same room online at a lower price so he called to cancel the original reservation and re-book it at the lower price.  The hotel refused to cancel the reservation, saying he had not called in to reserve it and that it was a non-refundable room.  We contacted our rewards customer care center and sent them the recorded call stating we could cancel the room.  I received a phone call from the manger of the Super 8.  Upon my answering the phone, he yelled at me about recording calls, said he cancelled my reservation, but refused to tell me if he refunded my money, told me he didn't care about my money, accused me of lying about calling to reserve the room, and threatened that if we ever tried to check in at his hotel it would be trespassing.  This was our first interaction with the manager, we had never expressed that we were upset about the hotel, we simply wanted to re-book at the lower price.  This was not an unreasonable request.  The manager never spoke to us about resolving the matter, he called as soon as he knew we had contacted the customer care center and literally yelled at me.
Rating: 4
Text: Very understanding and kind enough to let us leave a trailer parked in the parking lot while we had a truck worked on by Sapp bro's
