Super 8 Zanesville
Rating: 1
Text: This was the worst experience our family has ever had. The staff was very unprofessional. They told us to pay for our pet after our stay. Then turned around and charged our card before asking if we wanted to pay with cash. Like we did for the stay. When my wife asked about it the GM kicked my wife and my 3 children out in the cold and called the sheriff. 
The washer and dryer didn't work. The staff was rude and the hallways smelled like s%*t
I advice for no one to ever stay there. There is something seriously disturbing about this place and their hateful staff. Definitely  Disheartening !
Rating: 1
Text: WARNING!!!! WARNING!!!! WARNING!!!!
The staff was outrageously disrespectful. Room wasent clean horrid smell previous hair follicles all over the bed. The sheets were most likely not changed. I felt out of place my whole stay. It seemed like the staff didn't know what they were doing. They were most definitely not on the same page. I would not recommended, this to anyone please spare your money.
Rating: 4
Text: My husband and I truly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. 
The lady at the front desk was quite sweet and willing to point travellers to places we should visit while in town. Her pride in her city was more than evident 
Ruth the head housekeeper was awesome also. She was very thorough and extremely friendly.  

We will definitely be glad to stay there again
Rating: 5
Text: MY EXPERIENCE AT THIS SUPER 8 IN ZANESVILLE WAS GREAT THE BUILDING WAS CLEAN AND ROOM WAS COMFORTABLE THE BREAKFAST WAS FILLING THE STAFF WAS CURTIOUS AND FRIENDLY THAT MAKES YOU FEEL AT HOME
Rating: 1
Text: There was a Mix up with my boyfriend's company not extending our stay and we were unaware of the situation and left to go eat and they locked us out of our room with our dog inside and would not give us access until the room was paid for. Would not let us pay for the room until the manager arrived.Wifi didnt work all the time. No cell phone service inside. Towels were worn out. No carpet in room. Houser keeping would only do what you tell them and sometimes not even all of it. Had to ask repeatedly to get the floor swept.  Came back to the room to find house keeping in the room with do not disturb sign up. Had one washer and one dryer on site. Both cost $2.00 a piece. Dryer would not dry clothes. Dryer was never fixed and stayed out of order so we had to go to the laundromat. Was rude when asking for clean towels at the front desk...when there is a sign in the room saying we could exchange them but they wanted us to hang them up and re use them instead of getting clean ones. There were only two towels in the room. Had a hard time finding plugs in the room that would work. I would give zero stars if i could. Only good part about our stay was the free breakfast.
