Super 8 Fort Madison
Rating: 1
Text: UPDATE: The super 8 in Mt. Pleasant Ia. is much better! Have stayed there 24 nights now! That's 24 nights the Ft. Madison Super 8 LOST!!!! I would also add that the corporate office refunded my money after I filed a complaint against the Ft. Madison Hotel. (They charged me for a night I didn't stay! 7 night reservation and had to leave a day early....they charged me for all 7 nights. Filed fraud complaint. Beware!!! Rooms are gross!!!! Wont stay there again even though I have to work in Ft. Madison area all the time. They lost my business....They said they didn't care when I stated that I wouldn't stay there again! Not American Owned..... No customer service!!! The owners live in the rooms! Just booked a 2 week stay at another area hotel. Your loss Super 8!)
Rating: 3
Text: Staff was very friendly and accommodating. The price was cheap. A few issues though. The cable TV did not work and was fuzzy. The ceiling in the bathroom had some mildew starting to grow but should be easily fixed. All in all, this is a good place to stay when all you need is a bed for the night for some good sleep.
Rating: 1
Text: No A\C running in the building in the dead of summer. Rooms have working A\C but do not get very cool for quite some time. Linens are very stiff & caused my wife to have some kind of allergic reaction. The staff here is great. Rooms were recently renovated & were clean, although the heating & A\C unit looked to be from the 70's (no exaggeration). The biggest issue with this place is security. There was a few of us meeting up here for a wedding reception at Wilson Lake. One party had left their room cards in their vehicle so just for the heck of it I tried my card in their door & IT WORKED! That should NEVER happen. After that, curiosity got the better of me & I tried other room doors to see if they would open. To my surprise I basically had a master card to unlock every room door. Never felt safe here after that. Will be contacting the corporate office about this because it's very unsafe & insecure.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice, clean hotel and room, especially for the price.  Management was very friendly and helpful. He mentioned they did some renovation last year and it shows. The bed and pillows were very comfortable as well.  The room had a microwave, but it didn't have a refrigerator, so the management was very nice and let us keep some things in his refrigerator. I will definitely be back! The other nice thing is there is a restaurant directly across the street and a gas station just a block away.
Rating: 4
Text: Quiet, comfy stay. Polite and respectful check in. Will stay again! Good job new management!
