Super 8 Corydon In
Rating: 3
Text: My mom booked this hotel for our entire family, and I wouldn't have chosen this hotel had I been the one making arrangements. Check in receptionist was friendly but had on street clothes so we couldn't identify staff from guests. Check out receptionist was outside smoking and talking to guests who were smoking more than she was ever inside. The bed was decently comfortable but only two tiny pillows so it was lucky we brought our own from home. Shower curtain had broken and been replaced much lower than it should have been which caused the shower curtain to hang so low that we were forced to stand on it while showing. Alarm clock wouldn't work, lamp only had one bulb so room was dim. Air conditioner was somewhat broken as the fan would randomly sound like something was causing it to catch. The downstairs bathroom was clean but smelled terribly like urine. I assume it was the full trash which smelled. The breakfast was sufficient, I was pleased with the fresh fruit! This hotel is sufficient for having a place to crash overnight but I personally wouldn't go back.
Rating: 1
Text: Mold growing up the bed skirt and on the air conditioner. Filters on the ac clogged. Sheets were obviously dirty with hair and spots. Food and dirt all over the floor and dust on all surfaces. I asked to switch rooms and still just as dirty. One of the rooms had an obviouls electrical fire that nothing had been done with. Very dirty rooms!
Rating: 5
Text: Had a beautiful room for our wedding night with a king size bed and a Jacuzzi in the bedroom as well as a full bathroom and all the amenities at a VERY reasonable price.
Rating: 1
Text: Filthy room. We couldn't get another room because they were overbooked. The cleaning person wasn't there, so we had to clean it ourselves. I hope and pray the sheets were fresh. The next morning I asked for at least a partial refund, but the man at the front desk said he wasn't able to do that. He took my contact information and said he would give it to the manager. I have heard nothing. We passed on breakfast because we couldn't trust the food preparation.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome Motel very friendly staff room was clean and well-kept there is a microwave and mini fridge and coffee maker in room convenient to shopping and dining.
