Super 8 St. Charles
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel is terrible.  Dirty is not a good enough word for it. . We were traveling with a disabled person who soiled the sheet in one place and they didn't even change the sheet just made the bed right over the soiled spot. Unbelievable !! Toilet seat had peeling paint,  looked like someone burned part of it with cigarette.  You sure did not want to sit on it. Curtains had paint spots all over them, screen was popped out on one side. It was a hell hole. In the breakfast area looked like cereal bins had never been washed, they just keep adding more cereal. Better to go someplace else and pay a couple more dollars.  Blankets had cigarette holes in them. The slum of all slums.
Rating: 1
Text: Disgustingly dirty hotel! I checked in late at night but noticed the stained carpeting in the room and the bad odor. Then I went to the bathroom and found the previous guest's towels on the floor. I wasn't sure if the bed had been made or not. I went to the front desk and complained. The fellow gave me one sheet and a bunch of pillow cases. He said they had no clean fitted sheets so I got an additional flat sheet. He came down to the room to retrieve the dirty towels from the previous guest and sprayed some unknown concoction from a bottle in the bathroom. He didn't wipe anything down. I stayed the night because I was exhausted from driving. The next day I asked that the room be cleaned. When I arrived again, late at night, things had not been cleaned. There was no soap in the bathroom and I found someone's hair clip under a chair that also had lots of dust against the wall and floor. Their were no fresh towels left. I checked out and drove home as I couldn't bear to spend another night there. Worst hotel experience of my life and I am a senior who has traveled a lot!
Rating: 2
Text: The hotel was just too dirty. We had to vacuum and disinfect everything, there was literally food all over the floor and even in the bathroom and the inside the desk drawer. There was a sesame seed pasted to the desk by some sticky viscous pink material. The armchair didn't even fit in the room and I was afraid if I sat on it I'd subsequently be haunted by the hobo that died in it. Coffee was good. If you stay here just bring cleaning materials and ask for a vacuum before you even unpack, and a handheld vacuum would also be handy if you have one.
Rating: 1
Text: Its horibble i like thw super 8 in gurnne its terrible theres bugs
Rating: 3
Text: Ok. The outside near front doir smelled like cigarettes. Little off putting
