Super 8 Campbellsville KY
Rating: 5
Text: We enjoyed our stay, this is a very clean and well kept place. We felt safe there and the room was very well tended. The bathroom was immaculate. The host attendants were very friendly and most helpful. Everything worked, even the A/C actually maintained a cool comfortable temperature in the room. ? The breakfast was great. Our first impression of the place was that they pay close attention to detail and take pride in their work, there was neat clean cut painted trim, nothing sloppy, everything in order. The bed was downright comfortable. I have never slept away from home in a more comfortable bed. Our stay was fantastic and we highly recommend this place.
Rating: 5
Text: Great service, always helpful when needed, really cool, nice, friendly staff always very welcoming. Cool pool area with hottub to relax, nice breakfast. Close to store's and restaurants. Great setting, with a homey feel. Best prices on rooms in the area, most defiantly will stay again.
Rating: 3
Text: I WOULD STAY AGAIN!!! ? 3.5? Nice staff, but the pool area colud use some updating and a new heater or thermostat for the whirlpool.  The water was not hot but the jets worked great, nice and strong. The whirlpool needs a new paint job, because the old pale blue paint makes the water appear dirty! The mattress was ok and the place was quiet. I would stay here again. The breakfast is not the best but the price of the room makes more fair.  There is a Hampton Inn $$$$ up the road for more that double the price of SUPER 8! $$ You get what you pay for ?. I'm happy and had good service.
Rating: 5
Text: This Hotel is amazing! The staff is amazing, they went above & beyond for me & my family! Thank you so much for making my stay a pleasant & enjoyable one for me & my family. My grandchildren really had a great time swimming in the pool!
Rating: 1
Text: If you don't have a pet then it is not a good place to stay. It smelled like dogs. Not worth the price I paid and I would not stay again in a Super 8
