Super 8 Athens
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I came to town for a wedding; several other hotels were sold out and this Super 8 only had smoking rooms left (and we're not smokers).  We booked a room for two nights and arrived at 11:30 PM from a long drive with low expectations.  We were greeted warmly at the front desk by a friendly and helpful man who pointed us toward our room.  The hallway just inside the back door that we used smelled like smoke, so we prepared ourselves for our room to be the same way.  However, we could not find a trace of smoke smell in our smoking room, nor did we smell any chemicals used to cover it up.  The room just smelled clean and it was totally clean - the bed, comforters, sheets, bathroom floor, vanity, table and entertainment center, window drapes, everything was immaculate.  The free breakfast spread was small, but the employees we interacted with were all friendly and the shower had good temperature, good pressure, and no draining issues.  Very pleased customers!
Rating: 3
Text: So far first night was decent the rooms where to my standards including the tv with hbo although the breakfast was not up to par with how they made it to seem last night.
Rating: 3
Text: A clean Hotel but could use some updating. Close to Ohio University. Has good rates.
Rating: 1
Text: We booked our hotel online, received confirmation, arrived at the hotel only to be told that we didn't have a room. The clerk proceeded to tell us the he tried to call us, and email us, even though neither one of us had an email sent, or missed phone call. Asked if we could purchase a room due to the miscommunication, the owner said we had to have a $50 deposit that we would get back after he personally checked our rooms. No thank-you, we aren't three year olds, we simply needed a room to stay at because we were in town for the Hippie Fest...I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone because they also charge your card before you even check in to make sure your payment goes through. You're better off paying the extra money for the Holiday Inn or Hampton.
Rating: 2
Text: Place is clean, but TV is bolted to a table that is so low you can't watch it while in bed. Shower head is also mounted so low nearly impossible to wash without kneeling, and I could get a better breakfast from a vending machine. I won't be back. For the $ they charge it should be a lot better.
