Super 8 Topeka at Forbes Landing
Rating: 5
Text: The outside appearance of this location is nice and clean.  I walked in I  was very impressed.  The front desk clerk was really nice. The room was very clean. The bed was very comfortable. The room has a frig but it didn't have a microwave. Breakfast was nice but wish they had bacon or sausage with the waffles. Overall this is a great location. I highly recommend it. It's definitely one of my favorites.  I'm sure you will add this location to your favorites after your stay. Come visit this location you won't be disappointed.  I stayed in room 326 on November 1st & 2nd of 2017.
Rating: 4
Text: Staff is very nice. The pool is really small and had several bugs floating in it both days we swam. However, the front end staff saw our kids in the pool and grabbed a bunch of pool toys out for our kids that she said where kept on hand for her grandchildren. Again staff super nice. Breakfast however was really lacking. No fruit, nothing hot, no eggs, no bacon, no sausage, nothing. Just waffles, stale bread, a couple yogurts, and cereal. We asked for fruit and they said they were out of bananas. Rooms are fine with no complaints (other than a difficult shower handle). For the price I'd probably stay again if I couldn't find another for the same price with better breakfast. 
Rating: 5
Text: I asked for a smoking room last minute and since it was going to take another 20 minutes the manager got me a wine glass so I could have a glass of wine while I waited. Great customer service because I was grumpy. He's was awesome.
Rating: 3
Text: You get what you pay for. It is better than sleeping in your car. The service is ok at best, with some workers being rude. There is no hot tub like specified. The pool is cloudy. Our second day here there was never a hot breakfast like advertised. If you can pay a little more, look further in town.
Rating: 3
Text: Good  for the price. Sketchy surrounding. Would not be comfortable  traveling  alone. Room clean and roomy. A little noisy overhead and hallway.
