Super 8 Howe
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed here back in September & overall enjoyed my stay. I had an issue with my TV's remote control & they came up to my room promptly to help with it. The rates are very reasonable I believe---paid $69 for a room with one bed (I believe a queen size bed, although the mattress was too hard for me). The microwave didn't work, but I didn't realize it until the morning when I was going to check out, and by that time it didn't matter. I liked the compact refrigerator, microwave & coffee maker too.
Rating: 5
Text: I was driving my mom to northern Maine to come live with us.   She has a walker and has a difficult time time getting around.   We were treated with such courtesy and were asked if there was anything they could do to help.  I have traveled all over this country and never been treated so well as we were here.  If I could give them 10 stars I would. They made a tough situation very easy and their kindness will not be forgotten!!!
Rating: 2
Text: well, I guess for the money it's just barely okay. Room cost a hundred twenty dollars. The carpet is absolutely gross. dark stains everywhere. The colors are weird and nothing matches. The drapes, the couch, the bedspread all wildly different. old. don't look at your mattress. I did. mistake. The mattress has to be at least ten years old. The tv didn't work at all. we didn't feel like having someone in the room at eleven at night, so we just dealt with it. The worst part was the two foot long black hair wrapped around the white towels in the bathroom. just so gross. no way a maid missed that. it's just really dingy here. honestly I wish I'd spent the extra thirty bucks and gone to the holiday inn express. 

Rating: 5
Text: Our installation team stayed at this property for 2 nights and enjoyed are stay. The rooms were clean and remodeled. The TV service was top of the line had over 120 channels of Hi-Def. The new TV system was actually being installed while we stayed there. Front desk was very friendly and helpful.
Rating: 3
Text: I think for the price it was a great stay.   There were a few problems such as a lamp in my room not working. The key would need to be reset every time I left my room.  Plus something wrong with the water in the bathroom. 

However the staff was friendly and I slept great.
