Super 8 Ava
Rating: 1
Text: We rented a room, 115.  Had a large hole in the wall and when I ask for maintenance to come repair it the desk clerk informed me that some Hispanics had had a fight 3 months ago and damaged the wall. Not sure when it would be repaired. I shoved a hand towel in the hole so my sister and I could tell if a critter came out during the night....room was clean but reaked of some sort of air freshener. We had to open the window to air it out. Then at 4 a m, my sister left the room to go smoke and had to wake me up to open the door. The key cards had all been deactivated during the 4 a m audit done at front desk. Morning desk clerk had to reactivate our cards. Young girl at desk at 11 am got an attitude with me when I complained....last time I will stay g here.
Rating: 5
Text: It was pretty good. Would definitely go there again. Love the people who work there. (Name is fake as to protect identity.)
Rating: 2
Text: Pretty standard for a low-rate hotel. However, we were extremely dissatisfied with our communication with the manager. We called 2 days prior to our visit after seeing some reviews that the hotel had bedbugs the previous week. We called twice and both times we asked to speak to a manager, and the man we spoke to was difficult to understand due to a language barrier. He also did not give us any information that made sense... "oh there's nothing to worry about. We turned up the heat. Sometimes it happens..." Nothing that was reassuring, even when I asked him to tell me what their SPECIFIC procedure was for getting rid of bed bugs. 

Considering this is the only hotel in about a 40 mile radius, we decided to stay and would just thoroughly check our bedding upon arrival. When we got there, a nice woman was working the front desk. She answered some of our questions about the bed bugs and reassured us. After we got the keys to our room, it took about 8 different keys to actually get one to open our door. During this time waiting outside our door, I noticed that many of the number plates on the nearby doors were falling off. The carpets in the hallways and stairwells were extremely dirty. The stairwells looked as though they had not been vacuumed in months. 

Our room was standard. The linens were thin and uncomfortable, and honestly we were just thinking about the possibility of bed bugs the whole time.... Mattress was incredibly firm and uncomfortable. Pillows fine. Bathroom fine. Showerhead was meh. 

We were supposed to stay 2 nights and our plan was to leave early in the morning on the 3rd day, and we opted to drive through the night to get home rather than stay another night there, if that tells you anything. 

Anyway, sorry if you are reading this because it probably means you don't have another option to stay in this area. Check out AirBnB - there's a couple in Ava.
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful welcome to town they were amazingly nice and helpful with everything I asked thank u super 8 
Rating: 2
Text: This is a nice and convenient place to stay as it is the only hotel in Ava. However my husband stayed here last night and was bit numerous times by bedbugs. He caught one and took it to the manager this morning. 
