Super 8 Kansas City/Blue Springs
Rating: 3
Text: Try again after January 2018, when renovation and cleaning have continued - at least, if you have allergies. If you dont have allergies, it would likely be fine. Pros: The young lady at the front desk was helpful, kind, and easy to talk to. This is also the best deal on the "motel row", compared to the La Quinta and Motel 6, which are a 3 minute drive down the same road. (The Motel 6 is very scary). I also think the small rooms are efficiently laid out. The bed, desk, bathroom were all clean. My main issue is the chemicals used to clean the carpets of what appears to have been a smoking room. It doesn't smell bad, but it was extremely tough on my allergies. I had to shut off the AC and use my allergy spray (typically only used at waking or bedtime) to breathe and sleep better. It is obvious a lot of time and effort has been put into the location to improve it, and I would still give it a chance, but I'd want to check the room if I had allergies.
Rating: 2
Text: For years this was our home away from home whenever we went to go visit the children and grandchildren, but sadly to say most likely this will be our last visit. The Staff is still amazing but the cleaniness not so great and now the have roaches, complained about it the first day and the lady thursday morning just said she was and that wasn't good for them?? ( or the people paying $400.) Hello. The Breakfast was very good, but not good enough to deal with the broken microwave the little freezer that clearly hasn't been defrosted in months or the blood stained mattress. The upgrades made to the lobby seem to have taken away from the comfort in the rooms. This has really saddened my husband and myself.
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel claimed to have updated rooms but the room that I stayed in (216) looked like this. I wouldn't have stayed here if I was not over tired in my travels. I will not be staying with this chain of hotels ever again.
Rating: 5
Text: Pleasant, friendly, helpful and accommodating staff! The room was nice and comfy! Breakfast in the morning was very nice and included at no additional cost! I enjoyed my short stay (one night). I would visit Super 8 again!
Rating: 4
Text: It was clean and looked nice. The heat didn't work in the room but they were quick to move us to another room until the heat worked
