Super 8 Omaha NE
Rating: 1
Text: We ended up staying at this super 8 a couple nights ago due to last minute unforseen circumstances. I wish I would of had more time to do some due dilligence because the whole experience was frustrating and unpleasent. After paying over $80 we ended up with this... Broken ac/heat unit knob wasnt correct so you had to trial and error to get the right temperature along with broken plastic ring around the unit hanging off even making the unit uglier then it already was. Bathtub was peeling at the bottom looking yucky so a bath was never going to happen. Both the shower handle and also the sink handle were put on backwards so hot and cold were backwards. The paint in the bathroom needed a second trim coat as you could easily see through to the ugly yellowish color that was underneath. The windows were so cheap you could hear every (and i mean every) vehicle that passed by so we hardly slept. It was so bad i made a joke to my girlfriend that I swore I heard someone on a bicycle pass by. The sink drain was clogged up so after we brushed our teeth before bed  our spitty saliva filled water was still in the sink the next morning. (GROSS) And its our own fluids. The breakfast was the worst continental breakfast I have ever had. The quantity was slim and when the eggs ran out the eggs ran out... The biscuits were hard as hockey pucks so I used toast but the gravy tasted so bad... Ive tasted better elmers glue im just saying. Then when I think it cant get any worse upon checking out and loading up our car we noticed one of our tires was flat and you could clearly see it had been slashed with some sort of Rambo knife!!! So I finally after everything ask to speak with the manager. Saheed or Akman or whoever I had asked to get the manager for me says I be him... Meaning he be da manager!!! W.T.F.!!! I thought to myself this is either the twighlight zone or Ashton Kutcher has started filming PUNKD again and Im bout to be on tv at least when Ashton jumps out behind Akbar or whatever cuz this really cant be happening otherwise... Wait it gets worse... I then ask what can he (Mohammed or whatever) can he do to help me basically at least to make me feel better somehow I dont care just lie to me or hold me or something and this son of a b!×/% looks at me like my exwife use to when she thought I was full of s#/$ and I usually was to her back then but this time not even a little bit and then says well why didnt you say anything???  ARE YOU FRIGGIN KIDDIN ME RIGHT NOW!!! ??? Why didnt I say anything? W.T.F. does he think I was just doing??? I then asked who the owner is and he said corporate owns this super 8... WOW CORPORATE REALLY!!! So to break this Super Duper Hotel 8 thats owned by corporate yet managed by al qaeda (joking) down lets go over everything...

Broken down room with no sleep and a horrible breakfast... $80.00
Driving on my rim cuz my tire was Rambo Knifed.........(tire)  $100.00
                                                                                                (rim)  $350.00
Doctor visit from a nasty rash I now have............................... $75.00
                                                                                      (Medicine)  $20.00
                                                                                                           ________
                                                                                                           $625.00

The way I was treated by Akbar the hotel sleep terrorist/ clerk / janitor/
 Painter/ electrician/ window installer/ cook/maid/ and manager...

PRICELESS.....PRICELESS.....PRICELESS.....PRICELESS.....PRICELESS.....
Rating: 4
Text: My boyfriend and I stayed here 2 nights for the MAHA fest. Rooms were clean, quiet, and affordable, had all amenities that we needed. Employees were friendly, and had tasty free breakfast. Would stay again!
Rating: 3
Text: Bed was clean and comfortable with modern linens. Water was wonderfully hot. Needs modern remodeling. Most lightbulbs in the room were burned out. Bathtub needed repair. Air conditioner cooled inefficiently. Desk staff was helpful and pleasant. Lobby was dark. Breakfast was sub par.
Rating: 3
Text: Upon arrival, the pillows were lumpy.  Had to ask for better pillows.  My request was accommodated with the response that they have several guests. ? I thanked the attendant for the two pillows that he did bring.  No swimming pool.  Non smoking room, has a smell to it, will need to buy spray.
In Non smoking room, you can smell smoke coming from somewhere. It takes a long time for  water to drain from the hand bowel.  Bed is comfortable. Don't leave important items in the room when you leave.  A lot of noise on the floor above.  Wakes me up.?
Rating: 5
Text: Not a terrible location, and honestly the receptionists were quite kind.
