Super 8 Waterloo
Rating: 1
Text: The only thing decent about this hotel was the bed itself, we didn’t find any evidence of bugs and the bed was comfy. However, the rest of the room and hotel was poorly kept up, very dated, and there were multiple damages. Any “fixes” were poorly done in themselves. The door across the hall from us was completely split down the center. We could clearly hear the upstairs guests as I’m sure downstairs could hear us. The elevator was like walking into an old horror scene and had a lot of wear on all sides. Breakfast included a nearly empty waffle maker, hardly any fruit (which was also hard to reach), and coffee. The employees all seemed very tired and dissatisfied themselves. The parking lot was very unkept as well, lots of divots and holes. Even driving to the hotel, when heading east you can easily see the Super 8 sign but heading west, we only saw a small and poor “now hiring” banner attached to the fence. The building itself had no markings whatsoever that displayed Super 8. 
The cost was cheap to where we already had low expectations but it was pretty alarming when the building and staff didnt seem to be associated with Super 8 nor wish to be. 
I will attempt to post some pictures we took as well.
Rating: 3
Text: It's not the best! But it does the job! Somewhat good breakfast
Rating: 2
Text: Okay service.  House cleaning needs to do a better job.  Haven't vacuumed in awhile in their room.  Dirt on the floors and old food parts.  Also had some blood on the shower curtain that they did take care of when I told them about it.
Rating: 4
Text: Location is convenient, restaurants and stores nearby. Rooms were nice, TV channels worked, bedding very nice and clean, working mini-fridge and freezer, water was hot and shower head adjustable. I would have liked bagels at the breakfast, but the cappuccino machine, waffle maker, English muffins, and specially made for Super 8 cinnamon rolls were nice. Cereals, yogurt, and coffee/Lipton tea was also available.
Rating: 2
Text: Charged us more than they should have. Watch your  bill closely. 
