Super 8 Georgetown
Rating: 4
Text: Room was fairly well updated and clean. Everything worked. Staff was friendly and helpful. Location is really nice. Walking distance to lots of restaurants. If you are doing business at the Toyota plant, it is right up the road. Also has a nice sized lot that is only for semi-trucks separate from the car lot, which is always nice. You really can't beat it for the price.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is a dump. Roach motel comes to mind.  Breakfast bar is a joke. The only thing worth taking was coffee. The security doors on both ends of the building are broken allowing anyone access. Rooms are tiny and in serious need of maintenance. Bathroom barely has space for the toilet and the wooden seat looks like particle board and is falling apart. Clearly there are a lot of fake reviews posted for this hotel since its a total sh!+ hole.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is just right for the price. My advice to anyone reading these reviews is to ignore the ones coming from people nit picking about minor stuff. These people are so cheap that they expect Hilton quality at a Super8 price. The staff is super friendly and the breakfast is decent. Yeah it could use some touch ups but at an average of $60 bucks a night you get what you pay for. Rude, high maintenance WHITE people should just seek accomodations elsewhere that way you don't have to leave a bad review because of your high expectations!
Rating: 2
Text: Dirty toilet. Broken shower knob. Wooden floors on second floor, so you hear people walking if you're trying to sleep on the first floor. Nice on the outside, not so much in the inside. Cheap is the theme, and I definitely got what I paid. Would not stay here anymore. One other thing is the AC unit has mold inside and was afraid to use it. The bathroom is super small too.
Rating: 3
Text: Best thing I can is its a cheap place to stay.  Our nonsmoking room smelled of smoke and had stagnant musky smell.  Their "queen size" beds are only full size beds. Definitely not queen size!!!   I think the circus was staying above us and the vehicle traffic was loud.  I wouldn't stay here if there was another place available. 
