Super 8 Delavan Near Lake Geneva
Rating: 4
Text: A little on the expensive side, but I was willing to pay because it was a last minute booking AND their last available room. I see that the price is cheaper now than it was when we stayed there. Very nice gentleman working third shift... morning staff not as friendly. Aspects of the hotel itself are very nice, but you can tell some of the renovations were done lazily (painted over doorknobs and outlets, upside down lock, etc). It was a nice room though, pretty art, clean, and good breakfast. I would gladly stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: We booked last minute and got a two double bed room which was adequate. Bennett was the gentleman working the front desk and he was super nice, polite, and accommodating. When we got to the room, the tv wasn't working properly, but Bennett was able to resolve the issue quickly. Thank you. We checked out in the morning, and while getting breakfast noticed that the morning front desk girl was not as friendly. Not even close. She shuffled around, and barely some even when spoken to by other guests. It's a shame that Bennett is that third shift and didn't interact with as many guests, because he was great.
Rating: 1
Text: Smells like wet dog, smells like smoke, dirt in the bath tub, black spots on new towels.  Guy in hall lying on the floor.  3 guys lying in alcove down the hall a little further. All on phones!  Scary place.  Don't expect me back! Vending machine didnt work. Dirt all over the floor. The security door was not secure, ANYONE could have gotten in.
Rating: 3
Text: Pros: They have beds and other basics. 

Cons: breakfast was not good / did not exist. In room coffee maker is recommended not to be used. Furniture may have been falling apart. Hallway lighting is tinted purple  (kind of weird).

Side not: beds where advertised queen.
Rating: 3
Text: The front desk staff has always been courteous and helpful. The quality of rooms is ok. No frills or luxury, but it's one of very few modestly priced hotels/motels in the Lake Geneva area. So we keep coming back every year.
