Super 8 Bonner Springs
Rating: 2
Text: Got to the room and the TV did not work moved to another room seemed clean and fine. They skimp on pillows, towels and wash rags. Went to breakfast on Saturday morning around 7- nothing there, tried to get an orange juice and just came out watery, showed the front desk person and asked when it would be restocked since there wasn't anything to eat and he didn't know, the breakfast people for a breakfast that started at 6 am had not been there yet.... Didn't even try breakfast on Sunday just wanted to leave. will not be back!
Rating: 5
Text: I only return to this place because of David and his father. They are beautiful people and they make you feel safe . It's nice to know I have friends to look out for me and my family members or friends  when I'm away from my home. I only have the deepest respect for these people. If you are making reservations, please trust me and ask for David.  Even if something goes wrong he will do everything in his power to make it right! Ps! If you need a safe ride around town David can introduce you to the most amazing and fascinating cab driver named David also.  He is a trustworthy, hilarious historian of the  culture he lives in. If you are planning a discount trip to that area ,I highly recommend you try the more laid back atmosphere of Bonner Springs and the beautiful and amazing people that work and reside there.
Rating: 4
Text: The room was spacious and nice. It had restaurants around it which are eating convenient. The Wifi didn't have any problems so all and all it was a generally good hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: We stay at many hotels as we travel for work and this hotel was by far one of the best we have ever stayed in. This resembles nothing of a Super 8 but more like a Comfort Inn or Best Western! The manager David was extremely nice and helpful!! When we first got there the front desk lady had a little attitude but our other encounters with her were better. This is an extremely clean hotel with good breakfast and nice sized rooms! Will definitely stay here again whenever we come back to Bonner Springs.
Rating: 5
Text: Love this hotel. Very clean, always nice. Pool is well kept. Very nice employees. Great breakfast bar. A lot to choose from for breakfast.
