Super 8 Anderson
Rating: 1
Text: Came here for our 10 year wedding anniversary........went to Hoosier Park for the Breeders Crown and to the casino.   After getting in our room we noticed some kind of bug on the pillow.... Upon investigation we found multiple bugs.   BED BUGS!!!  Also the sheets,  comforter,  pillow cases,  towels and wash cloths were all stained.   And not a little,  A LOT!  Here it is 1am and we left and are taking the 2 hour drive back home.   Only good thing I would say for the company is that the gentleman at the front refunded my husband's money after we showed him the bugs.   We will definitely not be staying here again. I would have given no stars but I had to put at least 1 for it to let me leave a review!  This is the 1st review I have ever wrote but this is disgusting!
Rating: 1
Text: My husband son and  I paid for 2 nights at the super 8 and when we got up to the room everything seemed fine until we discovered trash that consisted of beer bottles empty pop bottles dirty socks and so much more. Then when I went into the bathroom to give my son a bath I had to clean the bathtub out because there was a slimy film that covered the bathtub floor you could actually see the slim that was covering the bathtub floor. we decided to get a refund on the room because it was so nasty and when room service came to our door all they wanted to do is collect dirty towels and trash. they didn't even ask if anything needed to be done to the room. I do not recommend staying here we now are staying at the motel 6 right next door and it is so much more clean and nice than the super 8
Rating: 1
Text: I was very displeased with my stay here. We arrived Friday around 10 PM and was given a room that was not cleaned yet. There was food items still in the room. So they gave us another room that seemed ok but later my daughter noticed a bed bug on her pillow, I stripped the beds and did not find any more. Saturday when getting around for our event my daughter then found a roach in the bathroom, I saw one that night when getting back from the event. Sunday morning while getting ready to pack up and go home I found another bed bug on my daughter's bed, she pointed out that she was bitten by something on her hand and there she had a huge bump on her hand where she was bitten. No breakfast because of construction and the pool was closed too which we were not advised of. I will not be staying at this location any more.
Rating: 4
Text: Friendly staff. Nice room. AC wasn't the best but it eventually cooled the room. Never visited the pool, we were too exhausted. Breakfast wasn't as advertised. No biscuits and gravy. Oj was out and never refilled, same as the milk, but we managed. Conveniently located by many restaurants and a gas station. Comfortable beds were a plus.
Rating: 3
Text: Our room was clean and free of bedbugs (a fear of mine). It's not a top of the line hotel, but it's nice when on a budget. I would've given a better rating had there been a better breakfast. The staff is super friendly. 
