Super 8 Higginsville
Rating: 4
Text: The place is being renovated. My 11 yr old loved the game room and the staff (Family) that runs it were pleasant
Rating: 4
Text: The room I was in was attractive and clean. The bed was comfortable and the family who run the motel are friendly and helpful.
Rating: 1
Text: DON'T ,DON'T,DON't Stay here! We looked at pics on my phone and all looked good. Didn't see reviews. We were put in a room and we and another occupant was the only 2 there in motel.We were unloading our things into room when we were asked to move to the other side. Now it's feeling really wrong. We noticed mold in shower . It smelled awful , but we were exhausted . At 3:00 AM I woke up and my nose was burning.I Never went back to sleep. My wife woke up coughing.Found MOLD that morning in AIR CONDITIONER!!!!!!!!! This was July 4th 2017. We got back to Tennessee on the 4th late. We couldn't breath well. Both went to Dr. had breathing treatments done. In 2 weeks we went back. Still sick. Dr said it was a pathogen and will take a while. 2 More weeks and  and it was still with us but not as bad.What happened to us was serious! We called Health dept in that county and CDC in Atlanta.Health dept give them a thumbs up on "NO ODOR"??! Health dept would not be the place to call if you get sick from here. They have to keep revenue in that area.
CDC is the best bet! We requested Non- Smoking. 
They will put you in a (smoking room) as we found out from health dept we were in one . However the entire hotel smelled horrible so  you can't tell which is what with this kind of odor.
Rating: 2
Text: The room must have been closed for a long time because it held a sour linen smell that diminished with the running of the air conditioner. The bathroom smelled as if the toilet had been missed more often than hit. The creamer packets for coffee had solidified and were useless. On the bright side, the bed was comfortable and gave a good night's sleep.
Rating: 1
Text: Worst Super 8 I've ever been to. The place was dirty, smelled bad, the bathtub drain was plugged, TV was difficult and the bed linen was worn and threadbare. Went to breakfast within the prescribed time period. The breakfast was gone  and coffee was gone. I asked and was told that's all for this morning. Gives Super 8 a bad name. I had 3 days left on my trip and refused to stay in another one.
