Super 8 Valparaiso
Rating: 1
Text: If I could leave less than one star, I would. Our room was absolutely disgusting. I'll start with the least of the issues and work towards what made us actually leave this hotel. The bathroom smelled like a sewer (the front desk said they were having problems with smells coming through).  There was something brown splattered across the wall, very visible, even if it was coffee, clean it up!! There was product CAKED to the back of the blow dryer so you KNOW they're not cleaning those. We had to look for a plug in because when you turned the light switch off it turned off the tv and wall outlet. So when we moved the night stand to look for plug ins, there was a nasty old apple sauce container growing MOLD behind the night stand!!!!!!! We have pictures to prove it! We got our money back and left. NEVER. Again.
Rating: 5
Text: Clean rooms and great staff.  Very friendly and helpful.  Our second time staying here.  Close to everything and their prices are unbeatable.
Rating: 5
Text: From the moment my children and I walked through the door, Cindy was extremely courteous and very accommodating. Being that my oldest is going through quite a bit in the loss of her father and is in the Midwest Center, the boys and I make this trip once a month, Cindy had by far been the silver lining of our trip. We typically stay at the Holiday Inn as it is a bit closer to Midwest, but the service and staff and especially Cindy here at the Super 8 has touched me so deeply, this is where we will be staying from now on! 

Sierra Torgerson
Rating: 2
Text: The building is in disrepair, and in areas of high traffic the carpets and walls are torn and discolored. Everyone in the family received insect bites while we slept. The only bright spot in our stay was the staff at the hotel- everyone we interacted with was friendly, courteous and went out of their way to be helpful.
Rating: 1
Text: Room was dirty...carpet was gross and would not recommend walking on it without shoes.. wall next to the bed looked like someone had threw up and it had splattered on the wall, same thing behind the nightstand on the opposite side of the bed. Between the bed and headboard was disgusting, looked like it had not been vacuumed or cleaned for months..and around the perimeter of the room where the vacuum did not reach was very dusty. Water pressure in the shower was awful and the water from the sink actually had a smell to it. The pool was cold and the water felt greasy. And the BIGGEST problem of all was our room had already been serviced for the day and we weren't needing anything else...  my husband and I was getting dressed to go out and room service used their keycard and let themselves in, no courtesy knock or anything. Besides her walking in on us dressing which embarrassed me and made me extremely mad...what was she even coming back in for after our room was already serviced?!? Told the lady at the desk about it and she acted like it was no big deal. Will never stay here again!
