Super 8 Kingdom City
Rating: 1
Text: This place is disgustingly filthy. I rented a room for the night and expecting what anyone would walking into there room, A CLEAN ROOM! I was completely let down. Not only was the floor covered in remnants of previous guests,  their urine was dried to the toilet which looks like it's been at least a month since someone took a toilet brush to it, their soap scum dried to the shower walls and dirt still on the floor of the tub, their toothpaste spit stuck all over the faucet and sink, 3 little pillows rolled up in balls on the bed, a busted a/c unit with torn black duct tape over the front of it, and the icing on the cake was the old coffee pouch left in the coffee maker with a drty water reservoir. I went down to the front desk and brought all of this to the young man's attention. He apologized and offered me a different room. After I looked at the new room, I quickly realized it was just as filthy. I pointed each thing out to him. He apologized again and showed me another room. Again, filthy with even more urine on the toilet seat and the sink had some grime stuck to it on top of the dried toothpaste spit.  I walked out of the room and filed a complaint with corporate and am waiting for their response. This was completely disgusting and by far the dirtiest place I've ever stayed. Stay clear of this place. Do yourself the favor. I will add that while I was on the phone with corporate, the young man quickly wiped down the sink in a different room and came out to tell me that he just cleaned a room for me. I went in, yes it was a bit cleaner, but there was still urine stuck to the toilet seat and dirt on the floor. I've added photos for your viewing pleasure.
Rating: 1
Text: Very dirty and the ac was busted up, but worked.  Sheets were clean.  Carpet was disgusting.  

Water pressure was good in shower and shower was clean.  I should not have expected much for a 2 star rating.
Rating: 3
Text: It was clean and the staff we interacted with was friendly. 

The air conditioner was old, loud, and anemic. It was like sleeping in the middle of heavy roadwork.  No blankets on the beds, just a sheet and the decorative cover that's supposed to go over the blanket.  Also, the afore mentioned decorative cover was slightly larger than a postage stamp. 

That said we were grateful for a place to sleep and that they held their only open room for us till we arrived pretty late that night.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel was clean, staff was helpful, and the breakfast was basic. The location is great and they gave us an amazing rate for two nights. It is close to the reason for us being in the area and fairly easy to get in and out of with the 15 passenger vehicle.
Rating: 5
Text: After a long day of driving with the hubby we stopped for the night to get some sleep and shower. We got a truckers discount and we noticed the are doing a lot of remodeling to make it look nicer. Our room and bathroom was clean, had a flat screen tv with cable, mini fridge, table and a desk. And you get a 20% discount at dennys to top it off.
