Super 8 Grand Island
Rating: 5
Text: The conditions are always hospitable and fairly priced. An awesome hub location in the Midwest to lay your head and enjoy an evening. The management is top rate and Julie will always take care of any and all concerns day or night. Truly my favorite hotel in a 400 mile radius.
Rating: 3
Text: Rooms were clean and fairly good size but the shows extremely small because you had to straddle the toilet to close the door. Water pressure was low and the temperature fluxtated while taking a shower. The breakfast area was also small but they had extra seating next to the pool. The location was great, easy to find and close to the state fair park. The staff was friendly and extremely helpful.
Rating: 4
Text: Clerk was very nice. Room was clean and up to date. Breakfast was ok. Bed was a little hard. I would stay there again.
Rating: 1
Text: Terrible!!  We arrived to find our door lock/metal latch at the top of the door had been removed.  We have small children, and we wanted to make sure that they could not get out of our room (also, we wanted the added level of security).  It took at least 20 minutes to move rooms.  Keys for new room did not work.  They tried to fix keys, and again, the new keys did not work.  Overall, we spend an hour dealing with problems.  Entire pool area smelled like smoke from the 'Smoking' rooms that were around the pool area.  There was a hamper overflowing with dirty towels in the pool area (it was there the following morning as well), but there were not clean towels.  Breakfast was slim.  

To make matters worse, the lady in change told us that, "the deadbolt still works" in our first room.  She acted like we were crazy for being concerned about not having the extra lock.
Rating: 1
Text: We searched online for pet friendly hotels and found super 8.  It didn't mention any extra charge for having pets and they charged an extra 20 dollars.  The rooms are not nice (even for a super 8) and the pool was freezing cold.  It was so cold that my girls who were stuck in a car for 8 hrs could only manage 10 minutes in the pool.
