Surrey Motel
Rating: 5
Text: Nice management, clean rooms, price right.
Great location!

They are always full for a reason. Make a reservation to stress less.

This is not a resort. I also stayed at starve rock lodge state park. That is a resort! One of the best in the USA! It was the best of course!

Enjoy

Rating: 4
Text: The Surrey Motel is a little bit older Motel probably from the 50s but it is clean the beds are really nice the new mattresses they put in was very soft very nice not over we soft we saw at the good night sleep it was good the only thing that they need to do is when you step out of the door and a lot of the room so most of them you got this big step and if you're handicapped or even if you're not handicapped your me falling on your face so I would suggest they put a handle a cheap handle from Menards you know in side the doorway there so you can grab it when you're coming in and so you can hold on to it when you're going out either that or by each room a handrail so you know a handrail so people can get out of the room safely would not following their insurance will probably go down other than the handles or the handrails they need in front of the doors or each motel room we enjoyed our stay nice TV nice cozy room and like I said didn't see any bugs or nothing and very clean okay well thank you
Rating: 1
Text: Id say these reviews are by the owners. Prices arent fair and rooms are not clean as reviews say. Dead bugs on stained curtains, room smells like a cigarette and mattresses are nasty under the sheets. Bathroom window will not close or lock. We stayed in a room and didnt expect to have to come back to get a receipt but did after working all day, so we got a room for the night again. Same room as night before. Same bedding sheets, same pillow cases and trash still in room from night before. Kroger bags ate used in room trash cans. After paying 72 bucks for a NASTY room and reading the reviews i gotta say the reviews are not from customers. These kind of rooms cost 40 bucks not double that!
Rating: 5
Text: Nice rooms, clean and comfortable.  I had a good sleep.  Nice friendly staff.  Recommended.
Rating: 4
Text: We stopped as last min just to get a few hrs of sleep and shower was great clean no bed bugs id do it again!
