Susanna's Guest House
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing historical Bed&Breakfast home over looking the Ohio River. The high end antique Decor is luxurious and beautiful. Very comfortable and relaxing environment. Mr. David thank you for your hospitality, it was a pleasure meeting you.
Rating: 1
Text: The innkeeper was very friendly but i can't recommend this place. Couldn't check in when we were supposed to because of a 'water emergency'. Two rooms that other members of my family stayed in were nice and appeared clean but my room...no...it was bad! Carpet was wet and covered with specs of plaster. Nasty dirty rug on bathroom floor...no light in the shower..could hardly see to adjust water. Smell got worse as the night went on..smelled like cat pee. When i woke up i sat in bed to check messages and a bug crawled across my leg. I jumped up and pulled covers back to reveal several small and two large bed bugs! I ended up throwing away the sleep pants and t-shirt i slept in to not risk taking them home with me. We didn't even eat breakfast there because cats were walking across the dining room tables! I was offered a different room but the bathroom i would have used was torn up and filthy! Was not charged for my room and other rooms were discounted...we got out and didn't stay the second night. 
Rating: 1
Text: This place shouldnt get any stars and you shouldnt ever stay here! Its very poorly cared for and its falling apart. Its not clean at all and there are spider webs and bug everywhere! They let the employees smoke on the front porch. They also only heat the rooms with a gas fire place or space heater. I also didnt see one fire or carbon monoxide detectors. My sister in law also may have gotten bed bugs! THIS PLACE IS GROSS AND THEY OVERCHARGE FOR WHAT YOU GET!!! The even sadder thing is this place could be stunning if they actually took the time to care for it.
Rating: 5
Text: Great Bed and Breakfast! Literally right on the Ohio River! A very gracious host that really enjoys sharing the history of the area. Very clean, wonderful Victorian home; the rooms are amazing! SO much more enjoyable than a motel!
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed there for our anniversary for 3 days and have never stayed at a bed and breakfast, this experience has definitely been a memorable one. Our stay was above our expectation.

 David and Tracy was amazing. They accommodated our crazy stay by just being a blessing to us with their kindness, patience, and delicious breakfast every morning! 

David had wonderful stories of the history and the view was awesome to wake up to. When we needed something he got it done in a timely matter, considering he has two houses he is overseeing.

 We plan to come back with our kids soon. 

I recommend Susanna's Guesthouse to anyone. It has blessed our anniversary in ways that they don't even know.
