Sycamore Motor Lodge
Rating: 1
Text: Don't stay here! They will show you one thing and give you something completely different!
Rating: 5
Text: Wow, great hotel. Good wifi. Excellent employees. Family owned and probably the sweetest kindest people in Havana. Fridge & AC

Great location, lots of parking and very affordable
Rating: 4
Text: Clean spacious rooms, easily accessible location.
Rating: 5
Text: I travel all over the country for work and stay in hotels for 90% of the year, and this has been my best hotel experience to date. I have lived here for the last 8 months and I can not put into words how awesome the staff and owners are, I can honestly call them all friends. While staying in the hotel I realized that I would be here for a long period of time, and given that this hotel is not made for an extended stay experience, having no kitchens, I was not sure how I was going to make it and one day I was speaking to the owner and made a simple request for a larger refrigerator if they had one available and he told me that he would see what he could do, later that evening when I arrived back to my hotel I was surprised with a brand new microwave and large apartment size fridge with a freezer. How many of you can say you've ever had a hotel go out of their way to accommodate you without charging extra??? Well these guys did for me! Eventually I decided to purchase a sports car, and not only did they allow me to keep my second vehicle here free of charge, but they also took the time to clear out their only garage space and allowed me to store my car in it throughout the winter....AWESOME! I was also stuck in town for Thanks Giving and Christmas and guess what they did, yup they invited me to have dinner with them on both occasions. Its like a small family here and they treat you as one of their own! Now besides all of the out of the norm special experiences I've already mentioned, I would like to point out a few small yet great things to be had here, for one room service comes by and cleans your room daily, I have noticed that the bed sheets and pillow cases are changed every couple of days, and all bedding, including blankets/comforters are changed biweekly This is something NO other hotel that I have been to does! The rest of the room is cleaned as well including the bathroom which also appears to get a deep cleaning twice a week. I have left money out all over the room and have not ever found as much as a penny missing and that's over the course of 8 months with several different cleaners coming through. Next I would like to explain that prior to coming here I was very skeptical of the place from viewing it online as it looked like an older hotel, but I must say they keep up with everything and the inside of the hotel looks new, so don't let the older exterior appearance ward you off as the rooms are large with ample desk and storage space, there's recliners, flat screen TV's. The Beds although not the most luxurious and comfortable beds I've ever slept in are quite nice and you will not find it hard to sleep in at all. Next I would like to mention the exceptionally reasonable pricing, with pricing this low you would think that you're probably going to be located in the "ghetto" or staying at a motel 6, and both of those statements couldn't be farther from the truth!!!! Call ahead for reservations as their prices are actually lower than what you could find online, but they hotel books up quick and stays busy, and while on the subject of the hotel staying busy, I would like to mention that I never once heard a single one of the neighbors next door which allowed me to sleep in peace!!!!  I must say that I'm sad to be leaving and I sure am going to miss this place!!!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT STAY HERE! The rooms smell old and musty the blankets and pillows were stained and had hair all in them! The shower didn't work right and to top it all we were going to stay 3 nights but of course didn't and they refuse to give our money back for the other nights because we got it for 3 and no one else could stay there...REALLY! Only thing good about this place his that he was really nice to talk to......
