Terre Haute KOA Journey
Rating: 2
Text: This place definitely won't win any landscaping awards. The grass desperately needs to be mowed and any resemblance of flower beds is long gone. Toward the beginning of the stay I would have said the office staff is the nicest we've ever seen but then we encountered an old guy in the front office that changed our minds. The girls in the office were so sweet and helpful. The old guy was exactly the opposite and should consider a job that requires no human interaction! There is a lot of construction in the area that makes getting to the KOA a challenge. If you can find another camping spot, do it!! There isn't anything special here. 
Rating: 5
Text: I was going to the Griffin Bike Park which is only a few miles from this location. This was my wife,  dog, and I' s first KOA experience. We usually stay at state parks in a tent. We rented a cabin here. The cabin was very nice. It had a full size bed, cable tv, mini fridge, and a small table a chairs. The mattress was a bit airy,  but I slept better than I would have in a tent. There seems to be quite a bit to do here, although I took advantage of none of it. They have a pool, a little big wheel bike course, small dog park, playground, basketball court, a couple donkeys to pet. Overall, I enjoyed my experience and it was exactly how I imagined a KOA to be. Camping with a hint of luxury.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice staff. This KOA has nice pull in slots, clean bath rooms, full hookups and usual ammenities: store, pool, playground, cafe, 24 hr laundry and they sell gas. They had 2 donkeys that you can feed which was fun. Lots to do close by: we visited Holcaust Museum, Feline Rescue for Tigers and Inland Aquatics, all which were great.  Only negative here was a little road noise and the bathrooms smelled like well water. Worth the stay.
Rating: 5
Text: This is the nicest campground we have ever been to.  So many nice comforts, like lots of places to sit and relax, gazebo, covered picnic area, tables with umbrellas.  The bathrooms are also the nicest I've seen.  They do an excellent job keeping everything clean and just so nicely decorated. The Staff have been extremely helpful.  Lots for the kids to do .. and most at no additional charge.  Beautiful grounds.  I highly recommend!
Rating: 4
Text: Good place to stay overnight or long term, a little run down but clean. Folks are friendly and eager to please. Easy access to major highways.
