The Meadows
Rating: 1
Text: The building was absolutely DISGUSTING... the bottled beer was all 1-2 years out dated... the bartender served minors and blamed it on us... Juan is a very dishonest person... the checks get made out to Lynch Realty, who aren't even the owners of the building.. they proceeded to tell me they can't give me my deposit back for certain reasons because Juan won't give them permission. The check is made out to Lynch Realty, therefore, it's Lynch Realty's money, not Juan's. I HIGHLY recommend NEVER doing business with either of them. It's to bad because our wedding was absolutely beautiful and the place was WAY cleaner when we left versus when we got there. I ended up putting a stop payment on my check and Juan didn't receive my deposit. He's a horrible person and doesn't deserve any business.
Rating: 1
Text: This rating is for the facilities rental building used for wedding parties. My grand daughter was married at this facility September 30 at their small lake. A very beautiful service. She and her new husband rented the pavilion there for the wedding reception and paid a $250 deposit for the use. They spent 2 days in the building cleaning it up to use. They decorated the facility after cleaning and fumigating it and it looked quite beautiful. But, to put things in perspective about the facility the bathroom floors had water standing on it. There were no emergency exit signs posted and from what has already been stated it was a filthy mess. There were no inspection signs posted so I assume no one has ever looked at it. I saw no signage indicating they had a license to dispense alcohol. I am assuming from this there had no one in authority inspected this business or the structure. But, the party went on in a much better atmosphere than it was two days previous and everyone involved in the ceremony cleaned up the building after the festivities were over.

Came today, my grand daughter went to the facility to claim her deposit as she knew of nothing that would effect the owners from refunding her deposit. But,that was not to happen she was refused her deposit and the reason for that was the owner said he had received reports but saw no one bringing alcohol not purchased from the building into the business. I know this was a very cheap underhanded and I might go so far as say fraudulent story to STEAL my grand daughter’s money.

In conclusion, I would counsel anyone intending to rent this facility to run fast in a direction away from it to avoid the unscrupulous business practice perpetrated on my grand daughter.

Bruce Allen
Grandfather of the bride
Rating: 2
Text: The drop-down ceiling is very moldy and it bothered my allergies very bad
Rating: 4
Text: 
Rating: 3
Text: 
