The Westin Chicago North Shore
Rating: 1
Text: ?Upon arrival, we were met with a less than pleasant (but not incompetent) check-in. Just not friendly in any way. This does not make a hotel a bad one...but it adds to my overall experience (I will later learn that the front desk personnel that I spoke with was the front end manager I would later complain to).

Prior to our arrival at the hotel, we called ahead and confirmed that the whirlpool was in working order. We were assured it was. This is a priority on all our stays as my wife and I are in the fitness industry and we wind down and recover in this way. Shortly after check in, we proceeded to the whirlpool. This being the only reason we arrived at 10am on a Friday. However, we found the whirlpool to be at room temperature. One call, two calls, three calls to the front desk, with a 25 minute wait after each call came with no response from staff irritated us to no end. With each call we were assured that "someone was working on it!" Even though the equipment room was a mere 30' from us and void of personnel. 

We then went back to the room to shower and regroup, and found no complimentary amenities in the shower in which to use. A call to the front desk manager for both issues came with an "I apologize and will look into it and call you back."

After 2 hours we received a call back by the front desk (not the manager), and we were told the whirlpool will be up in 10 minutes. 

We decided to go to the restaurant to eat first, and again experienced unfriendly (not rude) staff. The bartender was just preoccupied with stocking and gabbing than to tend to our needs. However, the food was delicious.

Afterward, we changed and went to hopefully enjoy the whirlpool. Guess what? Room temp water. Front desk, again. This time the manager was there and literally told us face-to-face, "Maybe you should explore other hotel options", in his arrogant tone.

Each experience above does not warrant a negative review, but put together it compounds the problem. 

We reluctantly decided to stay for the rest of the business weekend and experienced numerous other issues with this hotel on a multitude of levels, however, I choose not to post each one in an effort to not seem like a nitpicker. However, this entire situation would've been lessened by kind words, a friendly demeanor, and a "customer first" philosophy by all hotel staff, but most importantly the front desk manager. It would be my suggestion that the front end manager be sent to customer service refresher training.

You have hundreds of choices when coming to the greater Chicago area...I would definitely suggest you explore those other options before ruining a day, a weekend, or maybe more here at the Westin Chicago North Shore.
Rating: 4
Text: Went for a wedding. Really nice and fancy. Delicious and well presented food. Mobile bars. You can't really ask for more. Outdoor area with a pond that the banquet halls share. Not a 5 star rating due to the lack of parking.
Rating: 5
Text: I greatly enjoyed my stay at the Westin. Excellent staff and comfortable, clean rooms. As for the location, there is a wealth of things to do and eat within the immediate vicinity of the hotel (though I would not recommend it for anyone planning on taking transit into downtown Chicago). Would absolutely go back next time I come into the city.
Rating: 5
Text: Great staff and service! We had a lovely time that week!! Great policy of going green! Great location for us. Nice selection of restraunts in walking distance. No microwave in rooms is the only negative I can think of!!!
Rating: 3
Text: Went for a wedding...was nice, but you had a charge for wifi, and everything else in the room. The restaurant was good, the reception was there, nice hotel, but the housecleaning staff must not be through, when I got in the shower the first time there was several LONG black hairs in it. Kind of made me wonder how clean it was. Although the shower heads were amazing and the beds were comfy, idk if I would choose to stay here again, I have had more affordable hotels that had better amenities than this one.
