The Rippon-Kinsella House
Rating: 1
Text: My husband and I wanted to go on a weekend getaway for our 1 year anniversary. 10/13-10/15.  So we decided to check out a bed and breakfast for the first time. It was a terrible experience. The outside of the house at first look was ok. But when you really look around the red flags start popping up, you can see tarp on the roof, very long extension cord hanging off front right side of house, ladder in front yard laying there, poorly maintained landscaping, the back yard was even worse, looked like a bunch of junk laying around. The  house smells terrible. I get that it is a historic piece of property but I don't believe that is an excuse. The carpets are extremely dirty. The dust is overwhelming. The worst thing was we found BED BUGS.  Once we found those, that was the deal breaker. We got our stuff and left to a hotel taking the keys with us. The next morning when we went to confront owner/keeper Rodger it was a awkward and scary confrontation. When we told him we found bedbugs the first thing out of his mouth was ok I will charge you for one night. I told him no and refused to give his keys until he told me he was not going to charge me. He finally said he wouldn't after he yelled at me to give him his keys. After I gave him his keys back, I told him he better not even try to charge my card because I already called my credit card company to dispute the charge and we left. I'm sorry but there was no hospitality from him whatsoever. The place needs to close down. I wouldn't wish my experience on my worst enemy. It's very shameful that the owners of this place don't take care of it. It has so much potential and would really be a stunning bed and breakfast.
Rating: 5
Text: Really enjoyed our stay here! Rooms are nice and the owners were very friendly. The breakfast in the morning was delicious! It's located in a really good neighborhood and close to the Lincoln sites and fair grounds. Would definitely recommend staying here. Can't wait to come back and stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Had a wonderful time here. The house is beautiful and has an eclectic collection of antique furniture, radios & model ships. The room was elegant and comfortable. Location was very convient to Lincoln attractions. Roger & Dave were great hosts and helpful with ideas on what to see & where to eat. Fun sharing breakfast with them at the start of the day. Would stay again if we're in Springfield.
Schuyler & Sharon Seager
Rating: 4
Text: Historic house decorated with a lot of antiques to adore!!! Very friendly and professional people. Roger and Daved made us to feel very comfortable. Very helpful in giving advice where should we go to visit and eat.
Rating: 5
Text: Great B&B in a quiet neighborhood. Close to all of Springfield's Lincoln sites. Roger and Dave were both very friendly and hospitable. Would definitely recommend!
