The Kensington Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: The Kensington was clean and very welcoming.  The front desk was all about making us feel welcome and comfortable.  Lobby and rooms were well appointed.  Bed and bedding were amazing except for the pillows - too soft and no support!  Would definitely stay there again but bring my own pillow!
Rating: 5
Text: I attend conferences for work at Kensington Court on a semi regular basis and the facility is very nice. The food is great and the meeting rooms are comfortable. I especially appreciated when I was nursing. I asked at the desk if there might be a place for me to pump while attending the conference. They provided me with a hotel room for the day. I felt so well taken care of.
Rating: 4
Text: This was a great place to go to a conference. The room was nice and clean. Staff were helpful and pleasant. And the food was pretty good.
Rating: 2
Text: We stayed here for a conference and a couple of extra days and were not impressed by this place. The Executive rooms were just like the hotel - a complete mashup of things done well and things done poorly.  For example, it was nice they had a fridge in the room; it was not nice that it was barely cold and there was mold or some kind of dirt in the top part inside that made us not use it.

The thermostat was useless. We set it to 56 degrees and it still just blew hot air. Apparently the entire hotel is just set up for heat this time of year so it was impossible to make the room colder. We slept with the window cracked open. There was also a lot of noise from the heating system or something that kicked on that was obnoxious.

Finally, the bathrooms. Wow, are they old and designed poorly. We had two different rooms during our stay (because we were being reimbursed for the conference and we extended at our expense) and both had horrible ones.  The first one - good luck if you had to sit on the toilet. You won't fit, even if you're 100 pounds (second one was better) because  it is right up against the wall and the toilet paper holder is built-in, juts out, and will block your leg. Our first bathroom was also dirty and had a long hair in the towel hanging up.

Continuing with the good/bad mashup, the bed was nice and comfy, but they give you about eight, yes eight tiny pillows.  They are about half the size of a normal pillow and we had a tough time sleeping.

We're planning another trip to Ann Arbor and will consider a different hotel next time.
Rating: 4
Text: I haven't stayed at this hotel, but I've attended many events here. The recent remodel gives it a less dated feel. The restrooms are clean and use the soap/lotion that is available for sale. 

I requested to see the pool, and the front desk provided me with a temporary key to access it. It has an adjacent outdoor area, towels, a small hot tub and a sauna. The pool is deep, diving is not allowed. I did not see a locker room in area.

The fitness center is accessed through the pool doors. It has cardio equipment and free weights.  
