The Lincoln Marriott Cornhusker Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Visited the hotel as part of a puzzle solving activity, had an excellent tour of the history of the property. The staff were friendly and helpful. We used the connected parking garage and utilized the first hour free parking. There's an incredible amount of art including a resident artist at this location. If you are near or staying take time to tour the various sections of the building.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location in downtown Lincoln- close to dining and entertainment. Some of the rooms are dated but the suites are spacious and we'll appointed. The concierge lounge is comfortable and has great snacks and drinks.
Rating: 2
Text: I booked The Cornhusker for a surprise trip to Lincoln for my boyfriend's birthday, as he is a huge Husker fan. I looked at all of the pictures and reviews on the hotel before booking, it looked like a nice romantic weekend getaway for us. However, upon checking it it was a nightmare. They failed to tell us or post on their website that they would NOT have parking available for their guest as they were using their garage as parking for people for the game. So we could either pay $25 each time to enter and exit the garage or pay a $30 valet fee per day (instead of what they advertised $16 self parking per day). Obviously it wasn't feasible to pay $25 each time you wanted to leave so I paid $60 for Valet for two days..then I requested a king single room. Upon checking in we were not told our preference was switched, instead when we got to our room we found two full sized beds. I politely called to the front desk and they said they were sold out of single beds and when I booked that was only a "preference" if I wanted a king room they told me there was a $25 fee to guarantee I would get it. I thought that paying $500 for a HOTEL ROOM, my preference would be pretty doable considering I booked in August for our November trip. So after being told that we had to have a double room and they couldn't accommodate us we stepped into the bathroom to find we had a roll in wheelchair shower with no sink counter and the bathroom smelled like feces. I hate complaining but was irate at this point so I requested a room with a regular shower since my significant other and I wouldn't even be able to sleep in the same bed I figured that we could at least have that. Luckily they accommodated us with this, after all was said and done we just got a free meal voucher. Very disappointing to say the least and poorly handled. Would not ever stay here again or even recommend it not for the price.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel, although clean, has seen better days. It's looking somewhat antiquated on the inside. Aside from that, the staff is quite awesome and charming. You could tell that the place just got done with the whole eclipse staying members. Parking: If you're there on the weekend, park on the street if you can find parking. Otherwise, they have their own parking garage but it takes an act of God for someone to help you use the parking for free as a guest to the hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Stylish - in the middle of it all.   A standard for stays in Lincoln.  Specializes in business/convention stays.  Specials for football weekends.  For out last stay we enjoyed the spirit and service of the employees.  Bathroom in our room was very small, door almost touched the toilet when open.  No hair dryer - but front desk sent on up immediately when notified.
