The Farm LLC
Rating: 5
Text: My boyfriend and I wanted a peaceful, quiet and relaxing little getaway for our birthdays. My friend recommended this place and I am so happy I booked this cabin. We had such an enjoyable stay this past weekend and we both were extremely happy with our choice. Jacob, Angie and Joe were such a pleasure to be around! The homemade food was delicious and  reminded me of my granny's cooking ; we so enjoyed our short time there. We will return and only have the best to say about this farm:)
Rating: 5
Text: Peaceful and relaxing. The owners are wonderful hosts who cook a brilliant delicious breakfast. The barn tour is fun with friendly animals!
Rating: 1
Text: We arrived, checked in and were informed we were only in the room for one night (with the shared 1/2 bath upstairs and the shared shower was down stairs next to the kitchen), then we moved to another room for the remainder of our stay. We started to settle in and I had a document I needed printed, so I went down to the front desk and my wife started to get settled. She noticed a bad smelling pillow and asked for another . I was then met down stairs by man who checked us in and I believe his mother.  I then started to receive a diatribe about the pillow not smelling bad, how wrong my wife was, and how insulted they were. I was told, with hand motion, as far as she (mom) was concerned we could get out and leave. I was chastised for at least 5 minutes about how bad we were and how insulted they were. I am a retired police officer and with verbal abuse I was receiving a number of red flags started to fly stiffly in the wind. Which caused be to be concerned for my safety from the two ranting and raving people who had master keys to my room. We are going to do just that, but its 10pm and after a long day we will baricade ourselves in the room and planned to leave in the morning, two days early. Needless to say I did not get much sleep. When we checked out the same man who checked us in, asked why? I told him we were asked to leave last night and they wanted us out so we were leaving. He replied along with his mother "no one told you to leave" and there would be no refund of any type. He then continued setting up the breakfast area and would not take the key from me, I had to leave it on the counter in the kitchen and left.
I hope others do not have this experience. I know this is a first for me.
Rating: 5
Text: Absolutely lovely. Our immediate and extended family of 7 stayed at The Farm for a quick and quiet getaway. We were greeted with a beautiful farmhouse, free roaming animals, and excellent hospitality. The WHOLE staff was superb, and we received a warm welcome within minutes as if we were family. 

The Bed
Sleeping arrangements were super comfortable. House was fully equipped and the kitchen was fully stocked. We were well attended to for the entirety of our stay. We also opted for a dinner in our section of the house on a Saturday night, and not only was the homemade food amazing, Kayla and Jacob made sure we had everything we needed throughout all the courses. We felt very VIP.

The Breakfast: Homemade biscuits, homemade cow’s milk yogurt (hwhaaaat!!!), homemade gravy, homemade cream cheese, homemade silverware (well...maybe not), homemade butter and jams, and anything else your little hearts desires for a hearty or healthy breakfast. 

The Farm: All the animals! Cows and chickens and cats and dogs and roosters and peacocks and guineas and ducks and rabbits and geese and goats and pigs were amidst our excellent stay. I cannot even control my emotions thinking back on it ? Land, land, and more land that is close to the Bourbon Trail. We took an afternoon trip to Woodford Reserve, which was lovely.

The Barn: Joe and Anthony were spectacular guides to the farm and the barn. We were taken on a tour of the barn and the love of the animals oozed out of every crack and crevice.  Joe referred to all of the animals as, “family,” which makes my animal-loving soul happy! My three-year-old also had the opportunity to collect chicken eggs for the first time! We also lucked out on a goat birth! They let us watch one of the mama goats give birth to two little kids. Spectacular!

Highly recommended for a lovely weekend of serenity, animals, and relaxation.
Rating: 5
Text: Suite Katie is the best. Delicious dinner and breakfast. Fun and informative farm tour. Hospitality unmatched.
