The Westin Columbus
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful building. Amazing Staff!! If you are in love with great architecture, you must stay here. I was there for a convention. They treated us great! I was upgraded to a large suite which was nice. The room service was pretty freaking good.  The only reason for the 4 star is the bathroom did not have a fan (I hate when it fogs up) and the tub was not draining and I had a hard time puling the knob to turn on the shower.
Rating: 3
Text: The Westin is an interesting hotel. It's an old hotel that's been renovated to be upscale modern. The biggest issue is the lack of free parking, huge annoyance for me. No continental breakfast for the price was another issue. The room, although furnished with new furniture had on old building smell to it. The coffee packets provided in the room didn't even match the coffee machine they were provided for. On the plus side, the bathroom and shower were fantastic and the TV was new and sharp. In short, three hotel was nice but not convenient.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel overall is a gorgeous hotel. We had issues with the self park as we were not allowed in/out even though we paid the $28. The hotel corrected this by switching us to valet. The light switch just inside our room door did not control anything I had to stretch up above my head to flip the light on/off. The bed was extremely comfortable zero complaints there. The worst part of our trip was at departure, the valet LOST OUR CAR!! We were told initially that it would be a 10 minute wait, finally they located our car after 30 minutes! Next time I'm in Columbus I may look elsewhere.
Rating: 5
Text: The Westin Columbus was lovely! In addition to being a very pretty hotel the room was relaxing and the pillows were supportive. Most importantly the staff were very pleasant and took great care of us.
Rating: 4
Text: Went for a conference. The facilities are very nice and clean. Food was yummy and they accommodated my request to make a new sandwich, since I couldn't have what they were serving. Staff was very kind and constantly picking up and cleaning.
