The Elms Hotel & Spa
Rating: 3
Text: This was my second time visiting The Elms and I was a little underwhelmed. My husband and I went for two days after our wedding and the stay was just okay. The hotel did upgrade our room which was very nice but the room we stayed in wasn't very clean. The carpets were very dirty and you could tell the cleaning staff did a quick job after the last people that stayed. I had signed us up for the romantic package but when we got to our room nothing was set up. Prices had also gone up on everything since my last stay. We wanted to use the outdoor hot tub but the water was maybe lukewarm. Not nearly enough for a cold October night. For what we paid I wasn't super impressed. The ghost tour and food at the 88 restaurant were both good!
Rating: 5
Text: I had my wedding at The Elms Hotel and Spa and we also stayed there for our wedding night. The gazebo is very large and beautiful no matter what season it is, however I had my wedding in the fall and it was great. The Regent Ballroom was so elegant with the stone work and and fireplace. The service was good but my weekend was extremely busy so they were being pulled in several directions. Overall I would recommend The Elms Hotel and Spa for any occasion.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay. Staff was friendly and helpful. Room was spacious and beds comfortable. Pillows were really firm. Room had a slight smell. Not bad, not good, just a noticeable smell. On site restaurant was good. A variety of foods and price points available. The spa was the highlight. Great check in service. The treatments were delivered by talented therapists. Would come again.
Rating: 1
Text: We had to travel to attend a wedding. We made our reservation about a month in advance. When we got to the hotel it was about 3:30 pm and she checked to see if our room was clean and ready. It wasn’t so she told us to come back at 4:00 and we would be able to go into our room and get ready for the wedding that was taking place in one hour. 4:10 rolls around and we head back in, room is still dirty and instead of offering us any kind of thing she just wants to check and see if we would be able to get ready in the spa locker room. We clearly just needed any sort of room at this point since the one we paid for wasn’t going to be an option. After about 20 more minutes she gets us in a different room, however we still had to pay the price for the room we reserved in the first place. Which was not worth that price and I wish we would have had a different option.  It was just inconvenient and after a long drive it wasn’t what we wanted or needed.
Rating: 4
Text: Very enjoyable stay. The hotel has a very historic feel to it. Walking around it takes you back into time. Very friendly staff, comfortable rooms, great restaurant on site for dinner and breakfast. It feels small inside because of when it was built. I would have given it 5 stars except the carpet in our room was stained.
