The American Legion
Rating: 5
Text: This place is really fun to bring a family and it has made great progress in the past couple years.
Rating: 1
Text: This place is a dump. The beach was a hard mixture of compacted dirt and sand. We didn't use it. My child hit her head off the wall in the bathhouse/restroom in the inch high water. The outhouse near our site was horrific. Some jerk mowed our campsite while we were off property and had out tent windows open. I have never had my site mowed while camping, anywhere.The reservation form says two tents per site but the lady tried to say I needed to pay the same price for a primitive as electric with two tents. Mind you this was after I had already paid some man in the legion building. Gee why would I have wanted a site without electric for the same price as electric when there were electric sites open? Overall the con artist female that came to my site to harass me about being parked in the grass ( the have ZERO parking spots) received 45 bucks for me and my children being on the property for about 28 hours. NEVER EVER PARK ON THE PRIMITIVE GRASS UNLESS YOU ARE BUDDIES WITH THE FEMALE RUNNING THE PLACE. Otherwise she will try to run her mouth at you. They wanted to charge me 75 between gate fees and camping for 3 nights. Are these people insane? Where is the clean pool, clean bathhouse that isn't water logged, Wi-Fi, campstore, laundry etc? If I am going to spend 75 for 3 nights at a campground it will at least be clean and have respectful hosts. This place is a disgrace to the American Legion!
Rating: 5
Text: This place has turned around alot since the past. The workers are nice and will help you any problems or questions you would have.
Rating: 4
Text: It's a great place to have parties and activities outdoors.
Rating: 1
Text: I've been going there since before my oldest was born and he's 30 now. Use to be great place to swim and enjoy family day. Just went 2 weeks ago and everyone got sick from water. Noticed alot of stuff going on and no one thinks to get out of water to use restrooms. Would not recommend going this year unless they clean it up!
