The Hotel Majestic St. Louis
Rating: 1
Text: Hotel was actually really nice and had a lot of charm. 

They offered free breakfast but it looked horrible. 

My biggest shoe stems from the fact that I booked my room on a third-party website… And did not find out until my arrival that I had to pay $30 a night for parking… And my daughter was meeting me there from another part of the state so I had two cars to pay for. They claim that the third-party website had a link you could click where you could see in FinePrint that there was a parking charge… But the process seems less than transparent to me
Rating: 4
Text: I booked this hotel before reading all the reviews and am shocked by all the bad reviews because my stay has been pretty great. Checked in around 7 and the lady was super nice and gave us tour guides and even clued us in on a fireworks show going on the hotel itself is old but for me I feel like it adds character but that's just me. It's not run down or anything thought yes maybe some halls could use fresh paint but it's not that bad. The room was pretty nice too I read a Yelp comment about bed begs but I checked and there were no signs of bed bugs, the mattress actually looked brand new. I left for the day  and came back at night to a freshly made bed with new sheets and all new towels, they even took the ones we didn't use out to replace them. I feel like this hotel still has some improvements but it's getting there oh and the breakfast was pretty great for a hotel breakfast 
Rating: 1
Text: Wish there were negative stars. When I arrived the lobby was hot, so hot and there was a guy mopping the floor, I had to come back, my room was not ready.  When I got back he is still mopping and my room is not ready but they check  me in.  I was shocked at the price as it was much higher then the  convention price I was quoted.  I immediately declined my 7 floor room in light of the fact that there were no elevators and there was a woman at the front desk next to me complaining about how hot her room was that she couldn't breath, and a puddle at the bottom of the narrow stair case that I would be required to climb during my stay.  I felt like I was being taken advantage of.  There was nothing nice about this hotel.  keep looking there are plenty of amazing hotels in St. Louis.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel has an old world charm that is nice, but hardly makes up for the outdated nature of pretty much everything in it. It's easy to hear other people in the adjoining rooms. Your door rattles when others close. The bathroom in our room had paint on the tile floor. The furniture was very broken in. The continental breakfast was what you might find anywhere. The parking isn't guaranteed for guests. We had to park and pay in a city lot next to the hotel because they had "sold out" in their structure. The staff was nice and accommodating. But the only real upside to staying in this hotel is it's proximity to downtown. For a little extra, you may as well just stay somewhere with more amenities.
Rating: 4
Text: Very friendly and helpful staff. Decent breakfast. Very nice rooms, though the heat in the hallways and elevator was a bit much. Also only had one working elevator which was a bit small, but all in all a pretty nice hotel.
