The Henderson Castle Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful historic building with loads of charm. It does show it's age and some of the repairs done were less than perfect. The rooms are shaped funny as well. However, for me, the buckled cobblestone walk, the intricate, simply stunning woodwork, the lighted ceiling murals, gorgeous antique furnishings, and the overall air of a simpler time guarantees I will return here again. Side note-the bartender, Matt, is a real personable kind of guy, and mixes one he'll of a drink! Definitely recommend Henderson castle for anyone seeking a bit of the past and not expecting a brand new hotel.
Rating: 3
Text: We came here for our honeymoon for 4 days. The castle is just so gorgeous love the old world fashion. It is a very old castle so its not your "brand new Hilton" type of place. Everyone treated us very kind and respectful, except for the gentlemen checking us out. Very rude inconsiderate and just not friendly at all. Definitely does not fit into the castles persona. The whole reason we came back was of how wonderful we treated on our first visit. Kind respectful customer service is everything. One bad seed will ruin the whole garden.
Rating: 4
Text: The castle was beautiful. The staff was very accommodating despite a very busy weekend. My husband and I went for our wedding anniversary and it wad perfect. We reserved a spa day and the staff went above and beyond to work is in. The high tea was adorable and the snacks provided were delicious. Our room was actually in the house across the street. The bed was very comfortable and there was a pretty cool balcony. The only negative thing about the entire experience is the room was not as clean as it should have been. I actually found a cheerio on the bathroom floor.
Rating: 2
Text: Gross , Disgusting, and ruined our wedding night. 
It was a historical venue so I would expect them to keep the bugs out in order to maintain its condition.  Instead there were bugs everywhere. 
Also our room description promised a luxurious bathtub and we got there and there was no bathtub only a slanted floor and a rusty shower head. 
The floors, walls, and curtains were covered in mold which again I  believed would be taken care of in order to maintain this once beautiful  building. 
The owners obviously care more about the fact that's it's historic than maintaining it so it can continue to stand and be functional. 
Zero respect for history. 
Pro tip: hire a better cleaning crew.
Rating: 2
Text: My son was married at the castle this summer.  The setting was nice, however, the accommodations, service and meal left much to be desired.  The owner was away in Europe at the time and the meal was not exceptional at all, certainly not for the price per plate!  For breakfast for our large group of around 35 people they only had scheduled one waiter who was new at the job.  He did an excellent for what he had to deal with.  Management, however, should never let it occur in the first place!  The water pressure in several of the rooms we occupied did not have much pressure at all.  In our room we had to take a sponge bath.  Not exactly what I would expect even in a castle.  The castle needs a lot of work to bring it up to code in my book!  I would not recommend staying there until the needed repairs are done.
