The Club At Berlin Resort
Rating: 3
Text: If you are looking for a soft bed and a quiet nights rest, this is Not the place to stay. They claim the walls are extra thick, and while they might be so, the doors are paper thin. To the point of hearing every word your across the hall neighbors are saying & hearing their hair dryer in the morning loud & clear. It IS very clean, the rooms are very spacious, & the staff is very nice. The linens are great, but like I said the bed is like sleeping on the ground, extremely firm. We unfortunately will not be staying here again, as a quiet & restful sleep are the most important things to us when it comes to staying at a hotel.
Rating: 5
Text: Wow!  This place is amazing.  Definitely 5 star quality in a small town!  I attended a wedding here, and I was from out of town.  I travel a lot for work, this is by far the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in.  As for the banquet room they call the Club, they pulled out all the stops, and it was nothing but incredible service and attention to detail!  I would recommend this place for anyone planning a wedding or event here, because the venue is a true gem!!
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights during a marriage retreat with our church. The rooms and the beds were comfortable. A warm Continental breakfast is included in the mornings. The grounds are beautiful, with a waterfall, and if you have kids, a children's village where they can go play.
Rating: 4
Text: Great breakfast best I've ever seen. Friendly staff. Amazingly beautiful grounds with a walking trail along a creek with so many water features and landscaping details. Fireplace at night. Hot tub pool sauna steam room racquetball court workout room cycling room and a good theater. Very comfortable beds and close to many different activities. Just wish the room had a better bathroom that would make it five stars. 
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to relax. Nice staff. Great gym and pool.  We have stayed there twice. Excellent location in the middle of Amish country. Also the morning breakfast is excellent, good mix of hot and cold items.
