The Hancock House Bed and Breakfast Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Very cordial and attentive hosts.  Great view from the elevation at this location.  Wonderful breakfasts.  Helpful information provided for local attractions.
Rating: 5
Text: The owners are wonderful down to earth people. You feel at home the moment you walk in the door.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location in Dubuque, conveniently located within walking distance of its many attractions. Great view. Breakfast was delicious. Owners were nice. Very clean. 
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice historic house. Everything was amazing. 
Rating: 5
Text: I am very glad I got to stay at this B&B. The house itself is large and beautiful and had a great view of Dubuque. It is filled with gorgeous furniture in the bedrooms and on the first floor which has a dining room, foyer, and two sitting rooms that are bright and sunny thanks to their large windows facing out to the city. There is also an area with a mini kitchen that guests use. It has coffee available as well as many different types of tea in bags. There is a fridge with freezer that they allow guests to use. They have a soda machine, too. There are regularly cookies on the counter for guests to enjoy. In one of the sitting rooms the owners have provided Sherry which was a nice bonus.

The room we stayed in (Mrs. Hancock's Room) was very nice and spacious with a comfortable bed and large bathroom complete with whirlpool. This room is lacking a shower, and instead has a large clawfoot tub with a hose and shower head attached for bathing. This was probably the only thing I didn't love about my experience. Not enough of the water coming from the tub's faucet got rerouted to the hose, so water came spraying out of the faucet while a weak little stream came from the attached shower head. It made bathing pretty difficult. 

All that said, the whirlpool was great. It is in a separate little room in the bathroom, and they provide two robes for guests to use, extra towels, a candle and matches, and even a rubber duck. It was very relaxing.

I also loved how many windows our room had. It allowed for great views and an ample amount of sunlight.

The two breakfasts I had were very good. They will give you second helpings, too, which I took advantage of. I never eat much in one sitting but I couldn't get enough of this food and had several helpings both mornings. The food we were served was very carb-centered with not a lot of protein, though. 

The owners themselves are both very pleasant people and are happy to talk with the guests and give them information about Dubuque and recommendations of things to do. 

I'm very happy I got to stay at The Hancock House! 


