The State House Inn, An Ascend Hotel Collection Member
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place.  Have been here twice.  Within walking distance to Amtrak, restaurants, bars, shopping and Lincoln Library.  Beautiful parks nearby.  Staff is wonderful and very helpful.  And HONEST!!!  My sister forgot her mac book in the room when we checked out.  Manager Jared called me up and said housekeeping turned it in!  Can you believe it?  Just a wonderful place and we will be going back!
Rating: 5
Text: This was a great hotel. It has a view of the Capitol and is in within walking distance of the Lincoln museum, Lincoln home, Lincoln Library and many other places. We felt safe and the staff was great. They gave us tips on where to go and were so proud of their city. Had a great time. Highly recommend.
Rating: 3
Text: We stayed here on our route 66 trip, we booked with a travel company and this hotel was the one we expected the least from but were most surprised with. Beautiful little hotel. Very nice staff and the outdoor pool was great to take a dip in after driving for 6 hours in 90 degrees. The room was very well maintained and clean and the bed was very comfy. I would highly recommend this hotel if on route 66
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed for an overnight getaway which included a pair of tickets to the Lincoln Museum. The staff was friendly, professional and helpful. The amenities were nice with a retro flair. We also enjoyed the free breakfast, infused water, convenient location and express check out. After checking out, a manger called to let us know a cell phone was left in the room and they were holding it at the front desk. Thankfully we were still in the area sightseeing. I look forward to staying at The State Inn the next time we're in the area.
Rating: 4
Text: Our go to hotel in Springfield, Illinois. Very nice staff always ready to assist. Tasty complimentary breakfast, service with a smile, keep tables cleared and clean. Drawbacks - no pool or ceiling fan in bathroom. Most likely will stay here again. Watch out for Priceline etc. No refunds and cost me $50 a night more by not calling for rsvp directly to Statehouse. Made that mistake ONE TIME ONLY!
