The Rafting Co Camping-RV River Resort
Rating: 5
Text: The rafting company understands what customer service is all about. We switched to the rafting company after a horrible experience with huzzah valley resort who seems to be more about the almighty dollar than customer service. The whole staff at the rafting company is professional and reliable. I have been going there for years and have always had a great experience. When friends ask me where the should float immediately I tell the the rafting company. No one in that area will take care of you like they will.
Rating: 3
Text: The lady running it was very nice. The camp was clean and the float was mostly satisfactory.  Some of the kayaks were missing the plugs and had some kind of tape over them to stop water from filling the kayak.  I guess the tape came off of one of the girls in our party. She almost sank. Took us about 30 minutes to empty out all the water. I had to yank out a plug on mine from a spot where water was unlikely to get much in. The part I was really unhappy about was their policy about no dogs on the bus to the river. I had to drive my wife and puppy to the put in point then drive back and ride the bus to the float. I've never had to do that anywhere else.  
Rating: 5
Text: We've been coming to The Rafting Company for many years. It's a great facility. Friendly staff, clean bath house. Great camper facilities and tent sites. I'd recommend them over some of the bigger known campgrounds. 

Easy drive from St. Louis area. Right off Hwy 19 between Cuba and Steelville. 
Rating: 1
Text: I have to say I was super excited for my families float trip which was great. But the facility we stayed in was rather disappointing. The bathroom upstairs was broken so a discount was asked for. The company told us it was not possible because one of the members of our group stole a canoe. Which never happened we only had rafts. Not only did they accuse us of something but the customer service also told us they had just as bad of a weekend as we did. What company says that. Will definately not return. There is no customer service instead of fixing the situation they made excuses, and gave the CUSTOMERS Attitude.
Rating: 5
Text: We have been camping and floating with them for the last 10 years.  The staff is wonderful and the facility is perfect.  Recommend  to everyone.   We have floated and camped with a number if places and they are by far the best and their prices are great.  
