The Cottage House
Rating: 4
Text: Nice people not much parking and the motel rooms on the south end of the cottage house need a little updated. Very small for a motel room as well. But staff is very nice and helpful.
Rating: 2
Text: Side motel rooms are dumpy and need a lot of repairs and help. They were clean and quiet, but after seeing the inside rooms, it was a HUGE let down. Our room looked like it was put together using the thrift store. The bathroom, also clean, had a remodeled shower but everything else was remnants from the 70s. Maybe the next time they close, they should redo the side motel rooms.
Rating: 5
Text: The Cottage House reopened under new management and ownership May 1, 2017.  We welcome travels to come and stay with us.
Rating: 5
Text: As of May 1st the Cottage House has new owners and management.  The staff is friendly,  the room are clean and comfortable,  as well as affordable!  Nice place to stay.
Rating: 3
Text: It is a nice little bed and breakfast. Very old fashioned rooms. Comfortable beds. Really quiet rooms. The main disappointment is the "buffet" breakfast. The only meal item you can get is some kind of casserole with eggs and sauasage and hash browns in it and it is not tasty by an stretch of the imagination. Other than that you can choose between 3 types of cereal, store bought cinnamon rolls, one type of pastry, and fruit. They made it seems like it was an actual buffet with "all breakfast foods." One of the gentlemen that came in for breakfast was asking the guy in the kitchen if this was all the food they had and told him they should probably advertise the breakfast differently over the phone when guests call and the guy in the kitchen was rude to him. You would expect more hospitality in such a small town. I would advise another location unless you just need a bad to sleep in. I would identify this place as a hotel more than a bed and breakfast, except all the hotels I have been to definitely have more options on their breakfast menu. If you can not tell, I was extremely disappointed about the breakfast. Not only was there lousy options, but the strange casserole made me and my wife sick from the 3 bites we had.
