The Westin Book Cadillac Detroit
Rating: 5
Text: The Westin Book Cadillac is a beautiful hotel in downtown Detroit. The architecture is beautiful and the amenities are plentiful: Fluffy bath towels, comfy robe, in-room coffee, aromatherapy for sleeping, and more. This is definitely a luxurious hotel. The staff is also super friendly. The valet made parking the car a breeze and the front desk staff made check-in seamless. Whether you are looking for a hotel for business or pleasure, I highly recommend the Westin Book Cadillac.
Rating: 5
Text: I cannot say enough about how excellent our stay was at The Westin. The room was clean, spacious, and comfortable. Having regular access to coffee, drinks, and food was convenient as well - both in the hotel and around the city (great location, easily walkable). But my favorite thing, by far, was the customer service. Shout-out to Bianca at the front desk, her service was TOP of the line. She went above and beyond to make sure our stay was amazing. Thank you Bianca and the whole Westin team!
Rating: 4
Text: The room that we stayed in was very very nice, clean and comfortable. We ordered room service late at night and the food was delicious. We loved how close it was to Ford Field as well as Greek Town and all of the Detroit exploring we wanted to do. I left off a star because of the issues with the elevators. I understand that we checked in at a very busy time, but regardless of how busy the hotel is, a guest shouldn't have to wait 30 minutes for an elevator to their floor. It was extremely inconvenient. Overall I would stay there again, but if I'm paying almost $400 a night, a working elevator does not seem like too much to ask.
Rating: 5
Text: Overall, great hotel. Front desk staff was very friendly and helpful, check-in was easy and quick. Room was spacious and well-appointed. There were large windows in both the main room and the bathroom, letting in plenty of natural light, and providing relatively good views. Room was clean, and included a fridge and large TV. Hotel seems to be centrally located, making it easy to get to a number of downtown venues without too much trouble.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could choose zero stars, that what I would do. The customer service is a mess!! I booked the room with 2 beds 6 weeks before the stay and when I arrived, I was told that they only have rooms with one bed. After a battle with the front desk and approval from the manager, I was given the room with 2 beds. There is no body wash in the bathroom, only soaps. There were only 2 bags of tea, I had to go to the front desk to ask for more. The carpet in the room is dirty, nobody ever cleaned it with water or something. 
In the valet parking I waited 30 minutes for my car because they messed up the keys. A disaster for $179 per night! Never stay here!!!!
