The Island House Hotel
Rating: 1
Text: So noisy I felt like we were staying in a tent. Stayed two nights and discovered that room service took the shower cap my wife used and didn't replace it, nor did the replace the coffee and cups. One reviewer commented on the bar, it's not open in the off season.  Continental breakfast??? Only one unbooked room, but only one pan of eggs and only one waffle maker....even had to wait for coffee. Not staffed for the conditions.  I'm going to have to be more careful about trusting reviews.  Won't be staying here again. ??
Rating: 5
Text: First time out in Port Clinton, Ohio. Stayed at the island hotel... service was excellent, staff was amazing and showed great hospitality. I would like to thank Randall, Janet, and Daisy for the service they gave. I Defenitliy recommend to stay at this historic hotel. Again thanks to the staff.
Rating: 4
Text: Very historical hotel, definitely has character and charm. Nice, welcoming hotel staff. Beds are comfy. Breakfast could be expanded to include more options but not bad. Overall a good experience. Would recommend!
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel. Great dinner options within walking distance.
Rating: 2
Text: Sadly I have to give a mixed review. The lobby and restaurant of the hotel were charming, including the staff, but I quickly realized when I stepped off the elevator on to my floor the rest of the hotel was a different story. If you have ANY desire to get a moment of rest DO NOT STAY HERE. The main hall was dirty and extremely dated. The room was barely large enough to walk around the bed. It's fixtures and furnishings we're extremely old and worn. The bathroom was also extremely small and oddly enough so was the tub. The grout in the bathroom even had mold stains. The noise from the adjoining rooms and the exterior of the hotel prevented me from even getting much needed sleep.  You could hear everything from the TV down the hall, to the person taking a bath in the floor above you, to the birds outside and passing traffic. Do not have any intent on having breakfast at this hotel either, even though they advertise. Some stale bread and some frozen solid English muffins along with watered-down coffee was all that greeted us. I don't expect much for a hotel room under $100, but I do expect to at least be able to sleep and have a clean environment to do it in. I had really been looking forward to staying in this Historic Landmark and was dreadfully disappointed.
