The Westin Detroit Metropolitan Airport
Rating: 5
Text: Fantastic hotel, highly recommended! Very friendly staff when I checked in, even though it's quite late at night. The restaurant food was good as well, didn't try the heavy main dish but the app and the salads are on point. The real cool thing is this hotel is literally in the airport!! So my room was overlooking the tarmac! How cool is that! The noise level is very low because of the heavy glass. And there is also a security gate inside the hotel for quick access to the gates. I love this hotel! If comeback will definitely stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: The appointments were all wonderful. Everything was clean and new. The bed was comfortable. The door to the neighboring room needs more sound proofing. My neighbors coughing made falling asleep difficult. The food and service at the restaurant was very good. The pricing was a little high. The front desk staff seemed a little sour, and I couldn't get a receipt on my way out because there was no one at the desk. Overall, very nice but the desk staff could use a tune-up.
Rating: 3
Text: Decent hotel. Small rooms, but clean. Prices are super inflated due to convenience factor of being IN the airport. I was surprised that staying in the hotel didn't offer any amenities regarding checking of bags. Was kinda neat to see the terminals from the room though!
Rating: 5
Text: Similar to my last stay I had a fabulous deep sleep. The rooms are lovely with nice modern touches. The bed is so comfortable. The room is CLEAN and polished- front staff are friendly and accurate. Best of all it takes minutes to get out of the hotel through security to your gate. This hotel is worth the money if you need to rest a little in between flights.
Rating: 5
Text: The location is fantastic. If your flight leaves too early to use the hotel security, it's a short walk around to the terminal. I was only there for a few hours but the bed was incredibly comfortable and it was quick and easy to check in and out.
