The Inn at Honey Run
Rating: 5
Text: Have been here 3 time's and the accommodations are excellent. Highly recommend it. Comfortable furniture, cozy well appointed rooms. Great restaurant on sight. Close to many attractive and interesting stores. Very pleasant grounds to walk.
Rating: 1
Text: What in the world happened to this place? This was our third visit. Our first two were fantastic which is why we kept going back. But this time we left feeling uneasy and very disturbed. Staff was indifferent, insincere, and blatantly ignored us when we were checking out. Plaque in gift shop wishing someone would step on a Lego and that it would hurt (What??)  and then a bizarre mural on one of the walking paths of an enormous bloody shark fight! What does a violent ocean scene have to do with relaxing and retreating? Do not plan to go back after this! Creepy experience and dark and oppressive atmosphere. It was not at all what we expected.
Rating: 2
Text: The Inn is nice, but a couple of issues.  The room had a musty/mold smell that was noticeable.  Then, there are the room key thing:  at check in, you are given a brass room key for your hotel room and a plastic key to allow you in the front door to the Inn.  On checkout, we returned the brass key to the front desk and left the plastic key in the room.  Next day, we got a call that we will be charged $15 for the plastic room key.  
We checked all of our pockets, etc for the plastic card and we are certain we left it in the room. Upon calling back, we were told housekeeping didn't find the plastic key and we were going to be charged $15.  
I feel like we are being stiffed because we were not told about returning the plastic room-key on check in or check out.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful resort and grounds. Room was spacious yet felt cozy. We ordered the Fruit and Cheese platter with Mead and it was waiting for us when we got there which was a lovely snack for the evening. Decent selection of free Blu-Rays to rent. The Open Air Art trail is a *bit* misleading as there are only 4 major art pieces at the time and the rest of the points on the trail are Haikus. The last leg of the trail was blocked by construction equipment, so we had to get a bit muddy getting around. 
Rating: 4
Text: The Inn at Honey Run is a very nice hotel, nestled in a beautiful part of Ohio. Skip the room service (seriously, skip it) and dine at the hotel's restaurant, Tarragon. It's one of the best restaurant experiences you'll have.
