The Tiger Hotel
Rating: 3
Text: This is my second 10 day stay at The Tiger, and the second time I have gone online to write a negative review about this hotel.  I retracted my initial review of this hotel because (after experiencing several different issues) I felt as though management took the appropriate steps to rectify the problems I brought to their attention.  For example, during my initial stay, the faucet handle on the tub did not work.  Not a big deal, however, I had to bring it to the attention of the hotel staff 3 times before having it looked at.  After expressing my displeasure with that (and a few other problems like a broken A/C) I was moved to a different room.  Problem solved.  Well, fast forward to today, I am currently in the process of packing up my belongings to be moved to another room because (surprise!) the faucet handle on my shower doesn't work.  It is Saturday, and I brought it to managements attention (for the first time)Tuesday morning.  Maintenance has been by, but couldn't fix the problem and water has been running in my tub for about 40 minutes now.  This hotel has potential.  Really it does!  The location is great, the rooms are actually quite accommodating, but management needs to button it up!
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms are nice and spacious. Bathroom is huge as is the tub in the bathroom. Staff very friendly and helpful. Central location so easy to walk most place near the University.
Rating: 5
Text: I love staying at the tiger hotel. It's location downtown puts it within walking distance to all the great attractions and venues. The rooms are beautiful and well cleaned. The food at Glen's is delicious and there is a nice selection of cocktails that aren't available at any other restaurant in town
Rating: 3
Text: Nice decor. Pleasant helpful staff. Luxury appointments except where it counts. Bed was lumpy and pillows uncomfortable. Southern rooms were very hot. More than a thermostat issue. Had to be moved to another part of hotel.
Rating: 4
Text: Great location & lovely hotel with real charm.  Easy walk to anywhere on or off campus.
You have to stay here at  least once during your travels to Columbia.
