The Red Rock Guest Ranch
Rating: 5
Text: The Red Rock Inn offers a quant comfortable get away. The sprawling house holds unique atmosphere around every corner. The room are comfortable, clean and packed with character. Highly recommended for a quiet get away with room for the whole family.
Rating: 1
Text: I was there years ago when the Browns had the business mainly as a bed and breakfast and my experience was AWFUL!!!!

The Browns were trying to convert me to become a Mason and I was just there to be at their b&b.  There was even a neighbor who just "happened to be coming by" after dinner and I think he was part of "the plan" to get me to go to Topeka the following day and spend the $500 to become a Mason.  Huh???  Did they think I was that gullible???  And me being a single man seemed to bother Bill a lot since he lectured me about marriage (believe it or not!!!) and my Italian last name seemed to bother the neighbor a lot.  Talk about people who did NOT mind their own business and acted so bizarre!!

I have been to over 30 Kansas bed and breakfasts but NEVER have experienced a forgettable experience like this at a b&b.  Even a lady friend of mine went there and had the Browns ask her personal questions about her life which she also did NOT appreciate!

Be forewarned about these people!  They have an "agenda" with a Mason recruitment "mentality" and if they did this to me as a b&b guest, they could do it to YOU!!!

As far as my room, it was very nice but the outside door had a window with a see-through curtain that offered little privacy which I did not like.  And the dinner and breakfast were tasty and the indoor ambiance of the house was nice but other than that, I had a VERY forgettable experience with the Browns and will NEVER go back or recommend their place.
Rating: 5
Text: Very beautiful!
Rating: 5
Text: Got married there, took our pictures there and just had out little girl's birthday party out there at the pavilion. Amazing place, friendly people and just beautiful Kansas as far as you can see. A great place to make memories of all kinds! Check them out!
Rating: 5
Text: 
