The Champagne Lodge
Rating: 3
Text: Service was great. Staff were wonderful and attentive. A great romantic getaway. The facilities are located relatively close to major highways and you can easily get to many shops and attractions with ease.

The only downside was the cleanliness of the suite. Carpet was stained, dust accumulation on smoke detectors, vents in the room and bathroom, dust in the bathroom shelving unit. The mini-fridge had been repaired with black duct-tape. The binder of local attractions looked like it had been dropped in the pool. What the facility lacks in quality, they make up for in customer service. 

Considering the per night charges, I would have thought more attention to detail would have been made.
Rating: 1
Text: The general manager is awful at his job.  We wanted to check out a night early and get our money back for the night because the first night we slept terribly on their mattress. We wouldn't have known how uncomfortable the mattress was until we slept on it one night. When we asked to get our money back and check out one night early his response was there's nothing I can do my computer won't let me. He offered to compromise and let us leave and try and resell the room after we left with the understanding that if he could not resell the room he would still get his full money for an unoccupied room from us.  He would not allow us to leave after he was able to successfully resell the room. Furthermore the room is disgusting the lights don't work the shower is smelly the bed is uncomfortable as mentioned earlier and I will never ever stay again. The only pleasurable part about the entire stay was a couples massage.  Although sold at a 90-minute massage there was only about 60 Minutes of Hands-On time. Do not visit unless for a massage!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: The room was amazing! Super clean and modern. The staff went over and beyond expectation making sure my husband and I had everything we needed or wanted. High end quality and service!
Rating: 4
Text: My husband and I celebrated our anniversary here... really nice place...very relaxing... staff could stand to be just a bit more personable but they have pretty much been the same all of the years we've been coming, so....
Rating: 3
Text: I have now stayed here twice (first time in 2015). My first stay was good, besides a few minor complaints (could have been cleaner). 

On this recent stay, a couple things did not work properly. The toilet did not flush and the jets in the whirlpool tub sputtered and barely blew out water (I should also mention that the jets obviously needed a good cleaning going by what came out of them). This was disappointing as we chose this room for the hot tub.

 Besides these two things, we did like the room. It looks nice and updated. Loved the steam shower. The place could be nice if it was just more well maintained. A few other things: the tv was small and on a mount but couldn't swivel, so it couldn't even really be seen from the whirlpool tub. It really needed a thorough cleaning in the shower especially. There were speakers in the steam shower which would be cool, but they looked mildewy and didn't work as far as I could tell. Again, would be a really cool place, especially for the price, just needs to be maintained! I would give it another try.
