The University Inn Ann Arbor
Rating: 4
Text: Stayed 2 nights in October 2017, for appointment at U of M Hospital. Modest older motel, pretty much out of the 1970's---but a "good" 1970's. Wonderfully comfortable king-size bed with plenty of pillows. Had small kitchenette-type facility (sink, cupboard, fridge, microwave, table with 3 chairs) in room. Tiled bathroom is small, but OK.  Clean facility.  Breakfast room is pleasant and offerings are simple (muffins, cereals, juice, coffee, some fruit). Friendly competent staff. Good Ann Arbor location at intersection of Washtenaw and East Stadium.  Great bargain for what paid ($71 total, including taxes) on Mon/Tue nights. Will stay there again in November.
Rating: 5
Text: We stay at The University Inn when my husband has an appointment at the VA. We came across them, looking on the internet for something close to the VA facility. The rooms have been renovated and are very comfortable, the price is good and we are given a discount for hospital visit and it's very easy and quick to get from the motel to the VA. And the staff is always friendly and helpful. I definitely give them a 5 star rating.
Rating: 5
Text: It was a great place -- not a mansion or a Hilton, but I would have paid triple for those places. Clean, comfortable, quiet. Well-priced. What sticks in my head most, though, is the eager kindness of the staff: it's been a while, so I don't remember names, but everyone behind the desk, no matter what time, was interested, polite, friendly, and efficient. The only thing I found a little problematic was that wi-fi in the building was not good, so I ended up doing my work for hours in the breakfast room, but no one bothered me there. When I come to AA again, I'll aim for your inn -- and it didn't hurt that there was the oasis of a Trader Joe's next door!
Rating: 3
Text: For an inexpensive motel, it is cozy and clean. The WiFi is a little spotty (especially with the wireless being IN the room) but it is extremely clean and the beds, although not pillow tops, are comfortable. The showers could do with a little update but you get almost instant hot water. Now, the bad part. Don't expect breakfast. They serve the utmost definition of "continental breakfast." Now don't get me wrong, cold coral and bagels are not bad and can be filling. But after traveling all over it is surprising to find such a minimalistic breakfast. In conclusion, if you are looking for an inexpensive night stay and really don't mind a minimal breakfast, then this is the place for You! I would come back and would not hesitate to do so.
Rating: 4
Text: While it's no five star hotel, The University Inn is a quiet, comfortable, and convenient stay for anyone visiting Ann Arbor. The rate for our room was very reasonable (especially for two graduate students on a budget), and the front desk staff were friendly and helpful. 
