The Brown Hotel
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful historic accommodations. Always wonderful, superb customer service, LOTS of character. Great for special occasions. Beds/bedding are very comfy. Great location within walking distance of many attractions and eateries.  They also have a  parking garage if you are planning to be in and out.
Rating: 4
Text: Overpriced. The hotel is charming and boasts an old rich look and feel. Sometimes, I felt like it was an excuse or justification for damaged or dingy decor. The staff did not provide the level of responsiveness or service that I'd expect given the price point paid, but overall they were pleasant and friendly. The linens on the bed were nice as we're the towels. The mattress was old and not luxurious. Similarly, the pillows were lumpy and uncomfortable. I'd say the experience was disappointing at best and a waste of money at worse.
Rating: 3
Text: As a conference participant, great. As far as the room goes, much less than expected. My room had the bath faucet dripping but the walk in closing was great. The pillows left something to be desired, and one of the outlets near the desk needed repair. That being said, the reservation and check in experience was excellent. Both before and after check-in. There were 2 checks to see if everything was up to snuff, one in person from the staff and one by phone some time later. And before I arrived, the reservation personnel were excellent.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful historic hotel that has been renovated and is a great place to stay in Kentucky. Staff is very friendly, more of an upscale hotel. Would definitely stay at again. Would be great for weddings or events. Attention to detail is amazing at these older hotels compared to the modern look of newer hotels built today. Very comfortable.
Rating: 5
Text: I did not stay overnight, instead was eating a hot brown. The hotel bar had it and it was delicious. There was nice piano music playing in the lobby bar, but it was too loud for my taste. The service was excellent and parking was easy. If I was looking for a place to impress someone, I would definitely go back.
