The Pines
Rating: 4
Text: Husband, dog and I spent 3 nights in Cabin #3 at The Pines.  Heather and Ben Swanson are the new owners, and they are in the process of slowly and thoughtfully renovating the property.
The cabins are "rustic and vintage."  Our cabin had a small kitchen complete with all the usual appliances.  The bedroom had a sink and storage cabinet  for the dishes, pots and pans, etc.  There were 2 comfortable double beds.  A small bathroom with toilet and shower were in another corner.
The cabin was clean, and everything we used was in good working order.  There was also a little front porch with a table and chairs, and a fire pit with nice Adirondack chairs. 
Our visit was in October, so we had the property pretty much to ourselves. Apparently, tubing and fishing in Pine Creek are popular summer activities.  Long Pine State Recreation Area is adjacent to the resort, and Keller Park State Recreation Area is less than 10 miles away.
This part of Nebraska is a fun place to visit; and The Pines Resort is a comfortable place to stay while you're there.
Rating: 5
Text: My family stayed at The Pines for our annual boys trip and it was a wonderful stay.  The cabin was clean and cozy with a kitchen and comfortable beds.  There were all the amenities we needed for a fun weekend of camping.  We enjoyed the fire pit right outside our cabin for roasting hotdogs and marshmallows.  The owners were helpful at providing information.  The location is great to be able to jump on the river and float or find a local fishing hole.  We enjoyed our visit and the great memories we made at The Pines!  Thank You!
Rating: 4
Text: My family loves camping and we only live about 7 miles from The Pines.  We have a camper and like to come to Pine Creek for the swimming, but Long Pine State Park, down the creek just a little, doesn't have electrical hookups and I like my electricity!  When I heard The Pines had a couple spots, we reserved a spot a couple weeks ago for our last camping trip of the summer.  The owners were very accommodating when we wanted to set up a little early and when my husband couldn't come get the camper until after work.  The fire pit was amazing!  I have come over a couple times to enjoy it.  Normally, I am the one who takes the camper and gets it set up, but I was concerned about getting it in and out, so my husband did it for me.  It was a little tricky getting our 28 foot camper around the corner when we left, but my husband wasn't nearly as worried about it as I was! There is so much history at this rustic resort and it was fun to poke around the grounds.  We will definitely go back next summer.
Rating: 1
Text: 
