The White Oak Inn
Rating: 3
Text: Not bad not much to do in Danville a little bit more then it should over all not bad host is very nice good for one night
Rating: 5
Text: Wonderful experience!

My husband John and I booked a weekend to get away from the chaos, and we had a wonderful time here!  We stayed in one of the cottages, and it was extremely private, yet close enough to the house to walk over and get something if you needed it. 

Both Ian and Yvonne were wonderful hosts, and very friendly and the food was delicious!  We had 2 breakfasts and one dinner, and everything was very VERY tasty!  We also ate dinner one night down at Spearman's which is a little restaurant down the road at the Marathon station, and it was really good as well. 

Their dog, Dougal is too cute, and very friendly as well.  He was very interested in all of the guests. :)  He's a perfect Inn dog and he seems to love all of the attention he receives. 

Everything was clean, and well thought out, and they did not hesitate to get anything at all for you if you asked for it.  I would definitely recommend this B&B, and I'm sure we will be back!

Thank you for a wonderful stay Ian and Yvonne!
Rating: 5
Text: Our recent overnighter at the White Oak was wonderfully. Had our small dog so stayed in one of the pet friendly rooms. We enjoyed both a fantastic evening meal followed by an equally good breakfast. Lots to do in the area, our fourth time there and all of them good.
Thanks Bob and Sandy Metzler
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay. Cozy and excellent customer service 
Rating: 5
Text: We've visited the White Oak Inn a number of times over the years and enjoyed our stay each time. Yes, Verizon is only now providing "OK" cell service and wireless isn't like you are sitting right under the tower. However, I think there is a real advantage to setting aside your devices for a little while. My #1 reason for liking this inn is Innkeeper Yvonne's cooking. Yes, I would RUN OVER my  (old) cell phone for one of her meals! She is extremely in tune with food issues and makes wonderful stuff no matter what one of us cannot eat. 
We have stayed in the cottages, the guest house (NOT a chicken coop!!) and in the main house, both up and downstairs. Each one has its specialties. In winter, I think I'd stay in the main house or the cottage--one for the convenience and the other for the fireplace and isolation. My schedule has White Oak Inn on it for August 2014. I can't wait.
