The Cheshire
Rating: 3
Text: Fine accommodations. Decent staff. Not sure it's worth the price. Style> substance. No mini fridge or safe in room. Not terrible but I've had nicer hotel rooms for cheaper.
Rating: 5
Text: The service quality was excellent, I felt very welcomed to this establishment. The rooms were spotless and the beds were really comfortable. Great location for what I was planning. Just a 10 min walk to the Zoo with a wonderful walking trail not very far. The Scavenger Hunt was grand as well.
Rating: 2
Text: Pros: The only things that my partner and I were very satisfied with was the bed.. very comfortable, the decor in the room was nice and we chose this place due to the character and architecture.

Cons:I made reservations for the Epic Pool side King because my partner is very self conscious and doesn't like to walk through the halls in bathing suit. I wanted to be able to provide her access to the pool without having to do so. Reservations were made almost a month prior to our visit. Website stated 3 rooms poolside were available at the time reservations were made. When we arrived we were put in the Sherlock Holmes room, I did not make a fuss because I didn't know yet if it had access. We then went to check out our room and no poolside access was available from the room, but we did have a pool side view.. not what I paid for at all. We only stayed one night and partner did not want me to complain or start a scene so I didn't. We went to dinner at Boundary, very expensive but very good and waiter was amazing! Get back to the room to hear a yipping howling barking dog till 11:30 pm.. I got myself together to go see what room this dog was coming from and all of a sudden hand on the door and it stops. Finally! We go to bed and at 6 am I am woken up by people in the hall way talking loudly. loud thuds of suit cases around 7am.  And finally at 9am a staff member knocking on doors each knock sounded unnecessary loud as if it was pounding on the wall above my head. The staff member proceeded to yell down the hallway LAST CALL FOR BREAKFAST! LAST CALL! Over and over again. At this point I threw the covers off and just wanted to leave, as soon as I did I could hear 7different full blown conversations being held at an outdoor tone. I had enough and we got out as soon as possible. On the way out staff mopping the floor in front of the elevator and I almost slipped and hurt myself. Wearing flats I was able to stop myself however the staff member said only that he would mop the floor again. For the price I paid at $250 for one night this was probably the worst stay I've had. And we didn't even get the room we reserved. Not happy, not impressed, we should have chose somewhere else. However I am posting this review only so others can be aware that you may not get what you paid for.
Rating: 5
Text: The location was nice and the facilities were very clean and professional. Only real downside was that our group was a little too big for the venue so it got a bit tight inside and parking was very limited. We had a couple hundred people in our group.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I stay here somewhat frequently as it's in the area we visit our families. Has an old world atmosphere coupled with literary charm. It's also easy to get to a number of St. Louis attractions.
