The Barn Inn Bed and Breakfast
Rating: 5
Text: Very cozy relaxing place to stay. Went with a group of ladies. We went to shop and eat. The barn innkeepers are very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The breakfast served at the inn was delicious. The only complaint is the location is not super close to shopping but beautiful farm land to look at. Very peaceful. I would recommend it for couples or girlfriend getaways. Will definitely stay there again.
Rating: 4
Text: The place was very nice, with actual barn beams running through the walls and the dining room floor. It has both kinds of chargers, for those with electric cars, and a gorgeous view. The elegance was a tad gaudy for my taste, like the 400 year old dresser that you could set things in top of, but don't use the drawers, or the antique purses in a frame on the wall. (We stayed in the French Country room.) Plus, the water was soft, so it never felt like the soap rinsed off. However, the breakfast was good, and the innkeepers were friendly and accommodating.
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I stayed at the Barn Inn on our first trip to Amish country. We were extremely pleased with our hosts, our accommodations, and the food. It was an amazing experience. If we return to the area again, we wouldn't consider staying anywhere else. I was actually sad to leave the day we checked out.
     I made reservations here, because of the high ratings and praise given to the previous owner, Loretta. Five weeks before we got there, the Inn was sold to a couple from Kentucky. I had some concerns about getting the same level of service, but my concerns were unfounded. The new owners, Gene and Michelle were fantastic, as were the girls who work the front desk, help prepare the food, and take care of housekeeping tasks. They make a great team, and we enjoyed getting to know each one of them. 
    Our room, the Renaissance Room, was one of their larger rooms. We were there for 3 nights and loved the spaciousness of the quiet room. From the king size bed, to the beautiful bathroom, to the large tastefully decorated living area, we felt comfortable and pampered. 
    Breakfast is served each morning at 8:30 and includes a variety of homemade foods and meats to please any taste preference. We had fresh fruit, steel cut oatmeal, sweet potato pancakes, stuffed French toast, apple crisp, scrambled eggs, egg casserole, sausage, bacon, juices, coffee, etc. I can't remember everything, but there was plenty and something for everyone. It was all delicious and mostly made from local ingredients.
   There was no shortage of treats while we were there. Each afternoon, Michelle puts out 3 kinds of dessert bars or cookies for guests to enjoy through the night. She had to replenish the tray in the evening, but there was always plenty for everyone with fresh coffee available. 
   I just can't say enough about our wonderful experience at the Barn Inn. If you're looking for a clean, quiet, friendly, comfortable, place to stay that's run by helpful, kind, and caring people, look no further--
This is it!
   Thank you, Gene and Michelle, and sweet girls, for making our trip to Amish Country so special. You were a blessing to us.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I stayed here for our one-year anniversary. We had also stayed here on the first night of our honeymoon. Both trips were excellent! We like how at breakfast they give you some local history, as well as a list of stores/restaurants/attractions with the hours that each one is open on that particular day of the week.

When we were watching a movie in our room at 11:30 pm, I went out to the lobby and was pleased to find hot coffee still available. The Barn Inn is a wonderful bed and breakfast in the heart of Amish country.
Stayed June, 2017.
Rating: 5
Text: My wife and I spent a wonderful night here and loved the surrounding quite as well as the nature. The grounds are pristine and well kept.  Our room was wonderful , the one room with a king size bead, garden tub and shared balcony with your own patio table and seating for four. Over looking the woods. The host and hostess were wonderful.  Breakfast was filling and delicious.  We will be back.  
