The Wooster Inn
Rating: 5
Text: We used The Wooster Inn as our wedding venue, and we could not have been happier! The campus is kept up beautifully and feels both comfortable and professional. The restaurant is clean, the food is amazing, and the staff is never anything but pleasant. 

Planning a wedding in particular can be incredibly stressful, but Ken and his staff eliminated everything stressful about the planning experience. All expectations were made clear upfront, all prices and costs were disclosed prior to billing, and the execution of the plan that we worked out together was flawless. The staff made sure that the chairs were set up for the wedding ceremony, the site (the outside patio under the tents) was clean, and our guests never had to wait for food and beverages. All we had to do was show up and decorate before the event. 

The detail that I was most impressed with was that everyone on staff on the evening of our wedding was smiling. Some of the servers were singing along to the music, and the overall atmosphere was fun and lighthearted. No one seemed like they didn't want to be there, and I never felt like I was inconveniencing anyone - even as they helped us clean up and collect our things as the event came to a close. If I had to do it all over again, I'd choose The Wooster Inn in a heartbeat!
Rating: 5
Text: My niece had her wedding there, it was simply beautiful! The staff was great! The hospitality was exceptional, very accommodating to our needs. The food was superb. It's was hot, presentation was pleasing to the eyes. The venue itself was nice and clean, something that I really pay close attention to while dining out. The atmosphere was pleasant so that was helpful with us having a wonderful time. Couldn't have been a better experience! Thanks
Rating: 4
Text: Quaint hotel adjacent to the College of Wooster athletic fields. Excellent atmosphere and a nice pub-style bar on the ground floor. Rooms are a little small, but that's to be expected in an older property.
Rating: 5
Text: Something for everyone! Whether you are looking for a corporate meeting place, a fine dining experience, the best burger for miles, great pub food while you catch the big game, or the largest collection of wines at the MOST reasonable prices in the state, this is the place to go.  They have 2 of the most talented and creative chefs in northeast Ohio.  Their creations remind you of something you would find in New York, Chicago, or Las Vegas.  
Wine makers from across the country come to have their wines paired with these culinary geniuses several times a year.  There is a pub and a fine dining restaurant with the same cooking staff, so they have the best bar food in I've ever tasted.
The proprietor makes his way around to make everyone feel special and to entertain them with his "cherub-like demeanor".  
The owners son works there also and really works hard at giving you a good experience.
Oh yeah, on Tuesday nights they have steak night... Certified Angus Beef strip streak, potato, salad, and roll for $10, and you can buy a bottle of wine at retail (90% are between $10-25!).
Obviously, we are frequent visitors,  it's because the food is fantastic, the staff is well-trained and very friendly, and we have been treated like kings since our first visit.
Thanks Chef Ken!
Rating: 2
Text: Though the Inn is near The Collage of Wooster and some of the employees are nice, it doesn't out out weigh the fact that my room wasn't ready and there isn't any room service, and so having to go up and down the stairs for every little thing you need is annoying. The so-called " blankets" are the same thickness of a shirt and the mattress is  as stiff as a rock . When I woke up, my back was killing me, it's a shame because the first time I came, it was a nice visit.
