Three Sisters Inn
Rating: 5
Text: Conveniently situated at the edge of charming Baldwin City, this establishment is a haven of charm, comfort, and relaxation. From a cozy overnight nook for one, lovely adjoining rooms for a family, to the expansive, luxurious honeymoon suite there's a room for every travel need. The Innkeeper is a consummate host whose breakfast creations are culinary triumphs. Even the most unusual dietary needs are accommodated with a rare creative brilliance. The stunning home with a generous front porch and the equally stunning grounds wit a delightful gazebo invite an appreciation of nature. (Meals are often prepared with herbs fresh from the garden!) Hands-down the BEST bed & breakfast in Northeast Kansas!
Rating: 5
Text: Very warm and cozy.  Mike was great, he showed us the house and gave us the history about the house.  I have to say the best part was the amazing breakfast.  Hands down one of the best omelettes I have ever had.  Words can't describe how incredible the berry stuffed  French toast was.  Anyone traveling in the area needs to stop here for the night.
Rating: 5
Text: What a wonderfully charming and warm place to stay!! 
From the warm welcome of the owners to the beauty of the House with a gigantic porch great for sitting and watching the world go by and an even more relaxing Gazebo out back!! The Three Sisters Inn experience has just begun and you have only pulled in the parking lot!!
 Upon your stay here, you cannot help but feel as if you are home! The entire place so very clean and fresh! The care that the owners take to ensure your comfort is apparent from the time you arrive. The linens all have a different, subtle and fresh scent!!! Now that is attention to detail! 
While you are residing at Three Sisters Inn, you will be pampered like none other, from sitting in the parlor listening to the wonderfully unique and relaxing sound of the old wooden needled Victrola players to the fantastically pleasing meals prepared with care by the owners and the wonderfully clean and comfortable rooms, you may find yourself wanting to stay "just another night". 
And, you have not even unpacked your bag and left to experience the allure of Baldwin City Ks and all that it has to offer!
 From the beautiful Baker University Campus and the great Brick streets to a beautifully preserved historic Downtown, your stay in Baldwin City at the Three Sisters Inn will far exceed any and all expectations you may have had before you arrived!!
Rating: 5
Text: Charming location, a great host, aND delightful food!
Rating: 4
Text: Great venue for our wedding shower. The owners provided the perfect food and drink for our guests. Unfortunately we had to split our group into two rooms to fit everyone.
