Three Springs Campground
Rating: 4
Text: The campsites are close but this is a nice place to stay to visit the Ark and Creation Museum.  Park manager is very friendly and helpful.   We had a little flooding problem while at the Ark, she called to let us know we needed to get back to camper and had a fan for us to dry things out.  Bathrooms and showers are dated but clean!   There is a steep hill on way out but very doable!
Rating: 5
Text: In spite of the sometimes not so positive reviews we found Three Springs Campground to be a very nice experience.
The staff are more than pleasant and helpful...10+.
There was a lot of rain before we arrived so the campsites were a little soggy.........nothing Three Springs can control......again, we had a great time.
The bathrooms and showers were very clean.....no smells at all!
They are pet friendly and even offered to walk our dog (for a very reasonable fee) while we visited the Ark Encounter.
We enjoyed a relaxing four nights and would definitely come again!!
Thanks for a Great Time and keep up the good work.......the campground will be a huge success with your continued hard work and dedication!
the Saliers
Rating: 5
Text: This little campground is a hidden gem. It's not fancy, but it is clean, well-kept and reasonably priced. We stayed here after visiting the Creation Museum and Ark Encounter, on our way to see the 2017 eclipse. Rachel and Chris went out of their way to accommodate our early departure, and made sure we had everything we needed for our stay. Our cabin was quiet and comfortable for all six of our family, and we'd definitely return there again someday. 
Rating: 1
Text: We stayed there for 2 days. It was a total joke. The lady is a nutball. My husband is a truck driver and she thought she could back up our fifth wheel better than he could. So he waited until she left to park it so it would be more level. She told you how big your ? could be. How high the water could run when taking a shower. The whole thing was a very big joke. I won't ever stay there again even if you paid me!
Rating: 5
Text: I love this place.  We try to visit 3 or 4 times a year. Its so peaceful and pleasant .   And the owner Rachel could not be any more pleasant and helpful if she tried ??everything is so clean.  Back n a big grove of trees.  Nestled in a bunch of peaceful happiness.   Its a must come visit.  Worth the trip.   And i 4got to mention that they r having bluegrass music tonight.   Signed.  A VERY HAPPY CAMPER 
