Timber Creek Inn & Suites
Rating: 1
Text: Super fancy and elegant looking from the entryway but it's a landslide from there. It's also an energy efficient hotel so you have to insert your room key into this white box to have power. My mind was blown by this and this alone. I wish the king suite with hot tub and pullout was bigger tho. The room was dirty,no towels,no toilet paper,the shower gel on the shower wall was empty. It appeared to us the bathroom was never cleaned and looked over, also under the sink was an old tote collecting water leaking from the sink. There was no tv remote,no blankets or pillows for the pullout couch,the only end table in the room had a broken leg so we couldn't even set a 20oz pop on it without collapsing,also the room phones meaning both didn't work. You had to call the front desk from your cellphone and prey to God they answer or you have cell service. There where doors being slammed untill 3a.m. and a fight in the hallway outside our room at 2:15a.m.The only positive was the help from Lindsey and Dominic, they tried their hardest to fix all the problems. The sad part is the gentleman taking the complaints had more sympathy and compassion towards the problems with our room. The room was $239.59 and they offered me a $32 credit. I thought this place was going to be epic but all it was is disastrous!!!
Rating: 3
Text: In all this hotel should be a two star hotel. They put on a show like they are a higher end inn. Nice pool, great patio area, sand volleyball court and a wide and spacious lobby.

However, the rooms are mediocre and the hotel seems void of that extra level of service you would expect. In addition, we received no discount for being part of a wedding, all of the water machines were out of order along with every single vending machine. The front desk was also very rude when a party wanted to have a slightly early check in.

You may be forced to stay here in which case just know it's pricey for what you get.
Rating: 5
Text: I was pleasantly surprised with this place. Until a few days ago, I didn't know that sandwich Illinois existed. With it being such a small town I had very low expectation for whatever hotel operated in the area. But timber creek is actually quite nice. It's a nice facility. Has kind of a lodge type feel to it. The rooms were clean and spacious. Also, it's a eco friendly build. You need to have one of your key cards in a slot in order for power to work in your room. It's for conservation, and I found it quite interesting. Never been in a hotel with that system. Oh, and fyi they have a shampoo, conditioner, and body wash dispenser in the shower. Which is nice.
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed at this hotel over 4th of July weekend and was extremely disappointed. We picked this hotel because of the pictures of the large pool we saw on the website. When we arrived and asked where to find the pool they said it was not working because the water levels were off. We checked in that same morning and were told nothing about the pool being out of order. For the amount of money we paid to stay here we expected some kind of accommodation or at least to speak with a manager and neither happened. The girl at the desk said the manager does not come in everyday until after 12pm. Checkout is at 11. How convenient. I left a note and my phone number for the manager and still have not heard back. Would not recommend
Rating: 3
Text: Our first room was on the first floor facing the parking lot, so we requested to be moved to the 3rd (top) floor and the other side to try and get a better view. The front desk was happy to accommodate and we were moved without issue, but the new room came with a few concessions.

The view was better yes, but the "living room" only had a single chair in it with a desk awkwardly placed where a couch would normally be. I hesitate to call the bed a queen size, when I am fairly certain it was a full, and quite firm for my taste. The pillows, although plentiful, were VERY small. We didn't dare open the sliding window due to the screen being partially dislodged and a large number of insects being on the inside of the screen, but still outside the glass. There was a shell of an insect on the floor next to a stain in the carpet, but the room was clean otherwise. And for some reason our room did not have a "do not disturb" placard for the door.

I did like that they have taken a page out of foreign hotel practices and included the "insert your key to power your room" feature and everything worked; but the television in the "bedroom" had a wierd, faded, sunburst type of discoloration that took up ~60% of the screen. We could still see any show we watched, but it was obvious that something was off.

Given the opportunity, we likely won't be returning. However, it did suffice for a 2 night stay and serve as a one stop shop for the wedding we were attending.
