Timberline Campground
Rating: 5
Text: We had a great experience here mid July.  The couple who recently purchased the campground are so friendly and accommodating and even stayed 10 min after closing so we weary travelers could check in.  They will definitely take great care of the campground and make improvements over time.  Bathrooms are regularly cleaned, pool looked clean and kids looked happy.  Playground was nice.  Campfire pits were emptied out and ready to use.  Grass was green and nice for tenting.  Would recommend!
Rating: 3
Text: Stayed here because if the good reviews. Beautiful setting and nice owners, but... restrooms were really icky. Op-ed to shower in our tiny trailer instead of the dirty showers there. Toilets and sinks were clean but the showers and floors grossed me out...didn't look like they'd been cleaned for quite awhile. Too bad because the grounds are very well kept, so the potential for a good review was there.  We saw that there was another restroom on the other side of the campground near the pool, so we went there thinking maybe that was the nicer one. It was newer, but still filled with spiderwebs dead spiders and obviously the floors and showers had not been cleaned for quite a while.  So, my recommendation would be stay here for the beautiful grounds if you use your own motorhome or trailer for a restroom. If you have to use the restrooms in the campground, I cannot recommend this place.
Rating: 3
Text: The owners were Fantastic!  They were friendly and helpful, even lead us to our site and made sure we got backed in the correct way.  We had a good stay, despite the fact that the sites are SUPER close together!  The place was packed and the sites are really crammed in there.  The price was about $20 more per night than the state parks are, and considering we got maybe 1/4-1/3 the space for our site, I would pick state parks every time.  
The bath house by the pool (which was closes to us) was fine, nothing fancy whatsoever, but they did clean it TWICE a day, which is a huge help!  We enjoyed our time there, but will not stay again considering the price and the TIGHT spots.
Oh all the sites are gravel/rock and NOT level.  The roads in the grounds are all rock/gravel too, making pushing a stroller or riding a bike quite tough.
Rating: 2
Text: This park is rated highly by Good Sams. It has a ton of positives but has a lot of drawbacks. We have a 40' class A and I could barely get my rig into my full service lot with water, sewer and 50A power. Very tight. Branches from trees hung down to a height I could reach up and touch which is about 8' but my rig is almost 13' high so had to plow through branches to park my rig. Hardly a level pad in park. Worst thing, a shooting range about 100 yards from our coach. Our dog was traumatized. Many positives but way too many negatives. We would not stay there again. Plus they charge you 3% to use a credit card. Come on!!!! Read all reviews before staying.
Rating: 4
Text: A great campground for RVs of all sizes as well as tenters.  The mature trees provide wonderful shade.  The facilities are in decent shape and the new owners are friendly and helpful.  Super location in the country;  feels more remote than it is.  A good choice for full timers, families on vacation or for those simply passing through.  

It's not fancy but it has a nice and simple/rustic atmosphere.
