Toodik Family Campground Cabin & Canoeing
Rating: 5
Text: Writing this in regards to the canoeing/kayaking. We had the BEST time! Staff were super friendly and helpful. The best part really is their location on the river. We were the ONLY ones on it the ENTIRE 10 miles- no traffic at the chokepoints in the river, no loud and annoying drunken parties on the river, no rude campers waiting on the river to ambush you with squirt guns... Just a pure, true, relaxing kayaking experience with beautiful scenery. HIGHLY recommend!!!
Rating: 2
Text: Cabins are right on top of eachother. The people in the cabin next to ours were siting around their fire and it was directly in front of our cabin. They say they provide you with a full kitchen, but we didn't have any mugs or pans to cook. 
They throw all unused wood into the trees so the next people can't use it. So when you are hunting for sticks there is all this water logged fire wood in the tree line. Why not let the next camper use it? 
Showers have bad water pressure.
I think that's about it on the cons.
The pros were the pool for kids. The camp store is reasonably priced. 
Rating: 5
Text: Just came home from our 3rd visit in three years.   A wonderful family campground just far enough away from all the action to relax.   Wonderful staff, clean facility.  Cant wait to go back for a longer stay next month!
Rating: 5
Text: Love this place. The staff is very friendly and helpful . site's are good size. I recommend this place to anyone who wants rest and relaxation .
Rating: 1
Text: This place shouldn't even be rated one star. My parents/family have been camping here for years and the way we were treated this time around for something we didn't know was uncalled for. VERY rude staff. Could have politely told us when they were driving around checking cars that we needed to register a car even if we were just visiting for a few hours instead of rudely telling us that we needed  to go to the store and register it. AND on top of that accuse my aunt who rented a campsite that she was lying about her car pass being stolen. When my boyfriend and I went to register his car they were extremely rude when asking questions that we didn't know and had to call and ask my dad. It was very uncalled for and rude for a business to treat their customers this way.
