Top of the Caves
Rating: 3
Text: Good place, lovely scenery and a good time. Eyesight wasn't that far from the case which was some very lovely scenery. The only problem that I had was with my wife dealing with someone who wasn't customer-friendly in the payment process. Manners and etiquette are everything. I'd be willing to go back, but even more so knowing that in the process of ordering whatever I need to order that I'm dealing with someone who understands that they have a paying customer and are more considerate.
Rating: 1
Text: So most of the staff was very nice the old lady did seem like we was a bother to her but over all nice people. The RESTROOMS was a joke major upgrading needed I didn't want my kids to even use them. Our campsite was 67 and 90% of the camp sites including ours was on a hill our tent was going at an incline. We woke up two feet farther down in the tent because of the hill. The water was a joke didn't trust it to be drinkable after seeing the bathrooms. Place has some nice views and has potential but lack of effort from the owners to update. Recomend reserving a spot at old man caves campground. They could learn a lot from them.
Rating: 3
Text: It is a nice sized campground.  Quiet at night.  Sites are clean.  For tent camping I recommend the wooded sites as opposed to the straight away on the field, especially if you're going in the heat.  They collected trash and delivered bought fire wood.  Great location to explore the State Park.  Entertainment 2 of 3 nights we were there.
Lost 2 stars for facilities in general.  They could use a 5-year phased update plan.  We couldn't get anyone on staff to agree whether the tap water was potable so we went into the park to fill jugs.  That right there threw me for a loop, potable water seems like a basic provision.  There were no spigots near the tent sites we were in.  Our option was an unmarked hose bibb outside the rec hall or the laundry room sink.  The first shower we walked into didn't have a shower head and the pull rope was frayed so high I couldn't reach it.  The second shower we used, the pull rope slipped off the handle mid shower.  If my 6'2" husband hadn't been standing outside I wouldn't have been able to rinse my son without moving to a 3rd stall. 
Rating: 1
Text: What a dump. No pride in their facility at all. Shower houses are gross and the bathroom is even worse. Floor is always wet in the bathroom and I would 99% say it's toilet water from the toilets flushing since most aren't bolted to the floor and rock. Isn't that nice walking in your own toilet water to go to the bathroom. No windows in the cabins just screens stapled to the openings. Might of been a nice place at one time from the pictures online.
Rating: 4
Text: We were pretty much the only people staying there, besides another group or two. Pretty hands off crew there, we arrived and the instructions were posted on the office door, check-in and out was a breeze. 

The spots all seem pretty close together, but that's the point of a big, basically family oriented, campsite. Stay elsewhere if that bothers you. 

Plenty of places for our dog to roam with us and there's an adorable pond. 

Picture your average rustic campgrounds with no frills, and that's what this place was. 

We'll be happy to stay again. 
