TownHouse Extended Stay Hotel Downtown
Rating: 4
Text: Friendly management and very reasonable pricing. Kitchenette is awesome and just what we needed for travelling as my family has specific dietary needs. 
We really appreciate this establishment, and it's in a great spot downtown. You can walk anywhere as it's close to restaurants, bars etc. 
Will be returning should we come back to Lincoln.
Rating: 1
Text: Do Not Stay Here- it's a halfway house. 

This is far from a hotel or even a motel, it's a halfway house. We arrived and were met with a lot of issues. Upon entering the room, we noticed that it had not been actually cleaned very well, the floor was sticky and the bathroom had soap/shaving creme in some places. The kitchen faucet was quite shotty, it was duct taped (might of used bandaids to do whatever they were trying to do) and sprayed water everywhere the second you turned the water on. Several of the electrical outlets have exposed wiring or the cover plates themselves missing.  When we went outside an individual pulled up and asked "Is this a place where we can go if were f****** up??" I replied no, it's not that type of facility. We started unloading some of our stuff and I happened to be carrying a gun in, when someone shouted "nice gun", we decided we didn't want to stay there. We walked back in the front door and the guy who had asked us about the business walked in behind us. When we asked Patel if this was indeed a halfway house he half murmured "no??" and we turned around and asked the same guy who was seeking help- he said "yes, it is" and Patel acknowledged his response.

 It was evident that this individual had just gotten out of the hospital, his leg was amputated, he told a friend that I was with that he knew his face and that he saw face in the hospital (we just got done driving from Colorado and Illinois). We told Patel we didn't want to stay there and I even offered to pay for the two hours we had the room at this point. Patel said that he couldn't offer us any help and that we would have to call Omreesh (Owner, Manager). When I called Omreesh he said he wouldn't refund us because this was all out of the control of him but that we should have no problems. Omreesh became very irate and started yelling at me for not wanting to stay in the building. Eventually Omreesh said the "Director of Operations" would meet me in the lobby and get everything squared away. So we walked back in and Patel once again said that he understood our concerns and that he would gladly refund us if he could but that Omreesh was the only person that could issue it and that he didn't have the password. When I asked to speak to Omreesh, I was told he was on vacation. Seems like based on other reviews, Omreesh is always on vacation. Do yourselves a favor and read the positive reviews, Omreesh has his entire family living on the first floor of the compound and they write his reviews.  This place should be shutdown and their license revoked. Fairfield off Industrial is a great place to stay, it's very reasonable and well maintained.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to stay. Friendly staff. Comfortable beds. Nice stone suround bathroom. Two TVs and many more. Walking distance to ? stadium, downtown aattractions, state capital and bars.  I don't get why people has have negative view about this place. This is economical but highend place. I recommend this place 100%.
Rating: 3
Text: Friendly and nice staff, room size was fine. Relatively clean. Good location in downtown. But the smell of the hallway is simply terrible.
Rating: 3
Text: This is your affordable option for downtown Lincoln.  Perfectly adequate not fancy.  Staff is friendly and helpful.
