TownePlace Suites by Marriott East Lansing
Rating: 3
Text: The staff were amazing. Price was expected for where we were. Walls and ceiling are PAPER thin! Sounded like cows were above us until 1am and the started up again at 8am. You could hear other rooms flush toilets and slam the doors. The room was clean
Rating: 4
Text: Nice spot to stay. Quiet with some good amenities. Outdoor fireplace and patio are really nice. Room was clean and well thought out layout with a comfortable bed. Decent breakfast selection and good coffee. The "fitness center" is very poor though. Go across the street to the actual gym if you're planning on getting in a workout. Overall a nice spot and I'll stay there again if I'm in the same location for work.
Rating: 5
Text: Robbie McCaskell Weiss
Just now.

It took a while for me to post this as it breaks my heart and too painful to think about but October 30th my daughter's dog, Bow, was hit by a car and killed. My husband and I went downstate to watch my daughter show her horse at MSU and after we broke the horrible news about her pup. It was awful. My husband had to go back home and at that point I had not booked a hotel room so I looked up the closest hotel which was Towneplace Suites-Marriott in Lansing. I was a hot mess when I walked in to ask for a room and I didnt want the young man at the front desk to think I was a drunk or crack head as I am sure my makeup was running down my face and bloodshot eyes so I told him that I just had to tell my daughter her pup was dead. He told me that he understood because he just lost his 12 year old dog. We got our suite and it was very very nice. My daughter and I cried ourselves to sleep and the next morning I found this letter under our door. The young man, Tyler and Amanda at the front desk and the assistant manager D were all so so nice. I will always stay here now when we go down to visit Jordan. Really was such a nice thing to do.
Rating: 3
Text: Just ok. Linens are cheap. The comforter is to small to pull all the way up over you. The breakfast area is too small and the hot breakfast is just fried eggs and ham. Only amenity here is the gym with only one treadmill. No pool no basketball court. There is a grill but that's seriously dirty.
Rating: 5
Text: Friendly staff helped with hassle-free check-in and check-out. Clean, updated room featured a fully functional — but small — kitchen. Free wi-fi, Continental breakfast. One note of possible interest is that our room was in a separate building from the service desk. It was not a problem, but it was not something I've experienced before. Overall very pleasant stay.
