TownePlace Suites by Marriott St. Louis St. Charles
Rating: 5
Text:      I really like this chain. No complaints about the hotel. Having said that, the location is questionable; challenging to see from the road and then buried behind some restaurants in the back.
    The rooms are very well done for a long term stay  - much better than their extended stay competitors. The staff is extremely nice and helpful. I'd stay much longer if it were necessary. 
Rating: 4
Text: Very pleasant and friendly place to stay. A very helpful staff. Great continental breakfast. The rooms are quite nice and clean. I felt very safe here. Lots of places eat and shop within walking distance of the hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: Terrible.  As a Platinum Premier Elite customer, I'll tell you this stay for my wife was bad enough I'm switching to Hilton after this up and coming week.  Staff is rude, hotel is messy, no one who works there is on the same page, wife was threatened I would have to pay for towels she supposedly got hair dye on (Really?), after requesting a late check out she was told she has to get out.............there isn't anything to say that's good about this place.  Someone REALLY needs to remind this hotel they are in the HOSPITALITY business.
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is great because of one person, Andrew.  I am sure there are other very good people behind the scenes that contribute to the wellness of this hotel, but Andrew takes care of everything and seems to be in 5 places at once helping anyone who needs help.  What a great guy to welcome us to the hotel and get us checked in and take care of all of our needs.  I have been in the Management area of my career for a couple decades so I can spot a person who is ambitious, enthusiastic, and has a love for their work and customers, and this guy Andrew, is probably way underpaid in his position at the hotel and I would be willing to bet he is way over qualified. He could probably manage this hotel, or take on a more major role with a different company.
Rating: 4
Text: A little older but good Marriott quality accommodations. Staff worked hard to find the best rate for me. I will definitely be back!
