Town House Motel
Rating: 5
Text: I was told about this hotel by a coworker and based on his recommendations I tried it out. The only complaint I'd have is the TV isn't a giant flatscreen TV, just an older projection box-type model. However there's plenty of channels, WiFi is very strong and fast, beds are comfortable and the shower has good pressure and plenty of hot water. Also it's very clean. Restaurants, bars, bowling alley, and convenience stores walking distance away. Very happy I took the advice and stayed here. Another bonus is how inexpensive the rate is. Amazing value! Definitely recommend!
Rating: 3
Text: Very nice people, rooms are homey and simple. I've stayed there dozens of times. Rates are affordable. I will stay here again
Rating: 5
Text: What a fantastic place to stay on a limited budget. There are comfortable beds, clean rooms and a friendly atmosphere at The Town House Motel.

The owners, Sam and Marcia along with their hospitable staff will make you feel welcome. If you're coming to Freeport and need a comfortable place to stay, this will do. There are plenty of restaurants and business nearby.
Rating: 1
Text: I made a reservation in person to this place days prior to scheduled arrival on August 5th 2017. Upon my arrival at approximately 10:00 PM the night of my stay I noticed that all the lights were off in the lobby and there was a "no vacancy" sign on the door. Needless to say I was not happy. Fortunately I have Family in town and was forced to impose a stay with them. The following day I went to the motel and was given all kinds of excuses as to way they had filled my room with another person, and that when they are full they close down the lobby to save electricity because of the lights. I traveled for a living for many years and have never experienced this poor kind of treatment. Normally I would not stay in a flea bag like this anyway, but I was by myself and it was inexpensive. I would not recommend doing business with people like this! Maybe they did me a favor. At least I didn't bring home bed bugs in my luggage.
Rating: 5
Text: I have been in the hotel for more than three years. Being a traveler for FHN, I always appreciate the comfort, safety, and family environment. Rooms are clean and management is outstanding.
