TownePlace Suites by Marriott Wichita East
Rating: 1
Text: My family stay was a complete disappointment.  The hotel is under renovation,  which was not told to any of us in our party when w made or reservations. Which we had a total of 18 rooms. So no gym ,  no pool,  weight room, etc.  What are all these kids suppose to do with everything blocked off? They didn't compensate for this inconvenience. The breakfast generic and the wait time was long.  The rooms are nice but that's about all i can say. No ATM in the building and when i asked where attractions ate nearby staff didn't know.
Rating: 5
Text: This is my 2nd stay at this property.  When I first stayed here a few months ago, the property was in need of renovation.  When I checked in this week, they gave me a newly renovated room and I am loving it!  The new room features:  Modern decor, new carpeting, hardwood floors, granite counter tops, stainless steel kitchen appliances, flat-screen TV, new furniture.  It's like a whole new room!  I am thoroughly pleased with the renovations, and plan to stay at this property again in the future.
Rating: 1
Text: The hotel is currently under construction and we a group of more than 30 was not informed prior although reservations were made months in advance. Nothing on the 1st floor is available and the hotel smells of paint.
Rating: 3
Text: Good for long term residents. Next to highway so there is a lot of noise. This wasn't as noticeable the second night but I also left the fan on the heat/ac unit on continuous run to drown the highway noise out. Great location -lots of restaurants and shopping nearby. Staff was super friendly and helpful and always made me feel welcome.
Rating: 1
Text: I am staying here right now and am very unhappy. It's not clean. Room stinks like cig smoke. The staff is unresponsive. I was woken at 3:30 this morning by banging in a room next to me, a storage room. Finally at 6:30, after wing disturbed at 3:30am, 4:00am again, 4:30am a door slam, 5:15am pounding, 6:00am door slam.

Never would I suggest you stay in this place. Absolutely terrible. Room 125 July 25, 2017
