TownePlace Suites by Marriott Chicago Elgin/West Dundee
Rating: 4
Text: The room was very nice and the staff was great, my only dislike was with the breakfast area. While the food was typical Continental Breakfast, the waffle iron had a peeling coating and the sitting area was small and the only channel is the news, which is fine unless you have little kids. (I don't think a 4 year old should be listening to details about terrorist bombings, shootings and details about drugs...) Yes of course you can take food to the room, but it's an inconvenient option with taking enough food for a family of four. Other than that everything else was good.
Rating: 3
Text: This place is ok, but not up to the standards of a Marriott.  I will say the staff is wonderful. Professional, kind, very helpful.  The room is nice enough and clean enough, but  It seems a bit run down. there’s a musty smell in building C.  The gym was a huge disappointment. The ac isn’t working and the smell is overpowering. The clean towels smell dirty. Breakfast is decent, nothing to write home about. Our kids enjoyed that though it’s november and the outdoor pool is closed we could go t the courtyard next door.
Rating: 1
Text: Dated, old, beat..walls and floors are paper thin. ...service was poor.  Requested extra pillows, towels and a pack and play, none ready upon arrival and nobody available to bring them to us for a 1/2 an hour. High floor requested, didn’t happen. I spend 150+ days a year In Marriotts and this is one of the worst hotels and experiences.   What’s the point of requesting anything on the website?  Go elsewhere.
Rating: 5
Text: Too notch suites. Private and in separate buildings like an apartment complex of sorts. Delicious breakfast. I would recommend to anyone.
Rating: 1
Text: I rarely review or comment on anything. I usually just don't go back. I have stayed at some really bad hotels when I was on the road as a younger man because its what I could afford. By the hour type places. This place rivals them. The staff was nice, but thats it. I feel sorry that they have to work here. Our room was infested with fleas. We were here for a multi day event that had us very tired so we didnt notice until our last night. The beat up walls, dirt on the floor for multiple days from construction boots, broken gfi sockets, half empty water bottle to greet us should have been a warning. I almost didnt make this trip but I am glad I did because I would not feel comfortable with my wife here alone. I am giving one star because 0 is not an option. It has pretty much ruined our first trip to Chicago. I cannot emphasize enough that I am the type of guy that leaves 10% for bad service at a restaurant with the hopes they are learning and will get better. I really don't like to bash anyone on reviews because everyone has a bad day or two, but the problems here are impossible to ignore. They have been around for a while. I don't want anyone who uses their hard earned money to visit here have it ruined by staying here.
