TownePlace Suites by Marriott Chicago Lombard
Rating: 5
Text: We had a very clean room which is incredibly important to my husband and I. Easy check in. Nice rooms, good location. The only issue was the kitchen lady, we came right in when they were closing at 9am and the manager was very sorry and gave us bonus reward points without hesitation or us asking. I would stay again.
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is very clean and nice! It was perfect for me and my 4 boys! Comes with a queen size bed, a let out bed, and a kitchenette. Free breakfast in the morning as well! Only problem I had was a complaint about how my boys were loud and a mean ass security guard coming to the door with an attitude about kids was an issue, but other than that everything was great!
Rating: 1
Text: 0 stars*
Never have I ever seen such a poorly ran and disgusting shit hole in my life. I would have rather stayed in a motel six. Upon first entrance of my room I noticed so much damage I had to write it out on their provided 3 pieces of note paper and hotel pen to turn into the front desk. If you like the smell of cigarettes, the barking of dogs almost every day and night, constant yelling inside and outside of hotel, dirty towels brought to your room not once but 4 times, unwashed bed sheets (weren't washed once in the 7 days I had to stay here for work), & sketchy residents that live in this hotel that I witnessed from my window doing drugs in the parking lot & selling them, than this is the hotel for you. Don't even bother going to the breakfast either, I'd rather starve than force myself to eat the pathetic excuse they call food. I can not stress enough for your sake/family sake do not stay at this hotel, it is not safe. I contemplated just sleeping at the place I was working at for the week, and that was outside in a throw up tent. I even had two employees that were racially discriminated against by not only the staff but also the Lombard police station, my employees were awoken in the middle of the night by the police saying that a woman was robbed, and it was by someone with one of their last names. They searched their rooms completely, found nothing and apologized. They then told my employees we should probably get out of this hotel because it's such a bad place do to the people renting it out.
Also upon telling staff about the residence in the parking lot they didn't even go check or call anyone to handle it.
Rating: 5
Text: A great place to land. Friendly professional staff, nice room, fantastic location. Close to the mall and pace allowed us to get anywhere we needed to go without any problem. Comfortable rooms. Would definitely use this hotel again.
Rating: 5
Text: What can I say other than Townplace Suite Marriott ,  You get exactly what you'd expect here.  From the moment you drive on property to to when you drive off... Front Desk service , especially Nick Hefner Manager here, were buttery excellent. We have been staying here for 6 months while my dad is having major treatment at nearby hospital. I feel I have found a whole new family.  Its not just hotel, its a home. Home is where heart is. Service is 5 stars, Staff 5 stars, rooms 5 stars, location 5 stars... What more to say!!! 

Our room was as any should expect.  Slightly spacious and perfectly clean.  Towels were fresh and of a reasonable quality.  No smells... No missteps... No disappointments.
So 5 stars all the way, they treat you like family, to point you never want to leave.  Excellent service, feel at home, place makes you say WOW, 
 Anyways... If in doubt .. don't doubt what you get here.  It's an excellent place to stay
