Travelodge Cleveland Lakewood
Rating: 5
Text: This past weekend was  my daughter and I's second visit to this wonderful little hotel.  We will come to Cleveland for concerts and  decided to stay here again  for several reasons. Joseph who has been there to welcome us and  check us in twice now is one of the biggest!  His genuine care and excellent customer service can be rare today and he is such a breath of fresh air and wonderful. The clean and comfortable rooms along with the reasonable price will make this the only place we stay every time we visit!
Rating: 1
Text: Not happy with this place at all. We were fined $250 for “smoking in the room” because when we left there was a lighter in our suitcase and a pack of cigarettes that were not used. Very upset that the maid service went through personal belongings. There was absolutely no ashes no smell and no reason for this. We left our belongs in the room, followed the rules, and it should not have been an issue. Our door key never worked and we had to report to the service desk every time we needed to enter our room. Scammed us out of $250 and had terrible customer service!!! Will NOT be returning.
Rating: 5
Text: The location is perfect. (The lake is across the street.) The rooms are cozy and have been remodeled and updated. I really enjoyed my stay here.  It was quiet, well-priced, in my favorite neighborhood, and a cozy refuge.  The staff was friendly and helpful. Next time I visit,  I'm staying here again.  
Rating: 4
Text: Shout out to Joseph....thank you for making us feel welcome.  You are a gem.  Not disappointed in the accommodations but I think its time to update the bathrooms.
Rating: 1
Text: Hotel was lackluster, and the lady at the front desk had an attitude the whole time, arguing me, with guests, and coworkers alike. Very unprofessional and unacceptable. 

Also they do not honor reservations through THEIR WEBSITE and I had to pay extra fees and they wouldn’t even take my card! I had to use someone else’s and refund them. There is  absolutely no customer service. Terrible hotel, terrible staff, a terrible time. Do not stay here!!!!

This was absolutely the worst hotel experience I’ve ever had and I do a lot of traveling. Please do not support this place or stay here
