Travelodge Davenport
Rating: 1
Text: DO NOT STAY HERE.. SERIOUSLY..  Room was filthy. Chair in the room was stained. There was plastic stuffed in the wall by the ac to fill a crack. This was by far the worst place I have ever had to stay. Nasty.  AC did not cool the room. Tried to complain but they were rude about it.  Ask for a partial refund and they laughed at us. I took pictures and wish I could post them just to show how bad it was. Pictures they show online are far from accurate. Really really bad. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
Rating: 2
Text: The staff was friendly. That's the best I can really say. The room clean and bathroom but the door keys didn't work. 1st room door opened without a key 2nd room cards wouldn't work waited almost 20 min for someone to come let me in. The worst part was every time the heater came on it woke me up thinking it was going to blow. Deffinetly won't stay another night.
Rating: 3
Text: Nothing special, and we were told by the staff that it was changing hands so things were a little disorganized.  (Free continental breakfast was a joke).  But, we appreciated the affordable price.
Rating: 2
Text: Tissue box was empty, no exhaust in bathroom, no washcloths,  dust and cigarette ashes behind night table, coffee grounds still in coffeemaker from previous tenants, no tv guide for channels...very difficult to navigate through channels. They did not have any guide at desk, either...offered to send maintenance man to room to help...nah! Asked for toothbrush & toothpaste  - out of toothpaste. On a good note.....bed was very comfortable and air conditioning adequate..Would probably stay here again. You get what you would expect for the price.
Rating: 1
Text: Don't stay here. It is a hotel from hell. No refrigerator or microwave in rooms. They say the pool is under maintenance. There is no maintenance being done on the pool area. The bar is closed down . There breakfast consist of those mini powder donuts and mini chocolate donuts. They quit serving hot breakfast. The tub in the room is clogged. The walls in the hallway are nasty. The carpeting is filthy. I will never stay in this dump again
