Travelodge Adrian
Rating: 1
Text: This was the worst hotel I’ve ever walked into. The first room they gave us, the key didn’t even work, they gave us a new room, we opened the door the lights wouldn’t even come on, the air conditioner was in pieces across the room, the door was busted and wouldn’t even shut and there was BLOOD on the comforter. Please it’s worth it to pay a little more to stay somewhere else ?? that is clearly safer and nicer to sleep in. I got my money back instantly and went to a different hotel.
Rating: 1
Text: Would give zero if that were option that would register.
This rating based on an unscheduled emergency stay of several days earlier 2017.
So... holes in walls, fixtures loose, light bulbs out, trash overflowing container in hallway, STENCH of smoke after asking for 2nd room was just as bad (told some rooms are only for "business" travelers), tub drains very slowly, I could go on but if you have doubt at this point you might stay a night and rate for yourself.
Okay.. for service, curt to say the best. Disinterested except for $ more like it. Several cases of info or change requests, never a problem places I've stayed all North America and Mexico, were either entirely refused or "barely tolerated".
Look for other accommodations or sleep in your car in well lit area, anything will be better.
Rating: 4
Text: Very welcoming front desk person who promptly moved me to another room when my keys didn't initially work. Appreciated that.
Rating: 1
Text: Absolutely Disgusting place !!!! The stairs leading up to the room had vomit on them. Weird looking people. Unsafe environment. The room itself will definitely make you gag ! Mold, stale smoke , grainy television and rust every where. Nothing worked.... and let's not forget the bugs. The door damn near fell off in your hand when you open the door. Hell , I could have pushed it in !!!! We left out of that room , talked to the front desk and called our credit card company to make sure that the charges are removed. The Holiday Inn Adrian and Super 8 Adrian I highly recommend.
Rating: 1
Text: My stay was less than enjoyable. I should have read all the many bad reviews before I stayed. Please do yourself a favor and don't stay here find something nicer.  My experience was I woke up bitten by bedbugs. I had to now replace my clothing because I dont want them in my bags. The room was not very clean and had water damage on the ceiling and stained carpets and there was trash still in the waste basket. It was probably the worst hotel stay I have had. Corporate has been contacted and a complaint has been made. To the owners clean your place up its filthy and gross. 
