Travelodge Denison
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give it a lower rating I would.  It looks as if they came from another country and just send their earnings back to the country from which they came.  They were very friendly and helpful but....big but, they didn't invest any money into their hotel.  The outside doors were broken, leaving the rooms accessable from the outside, anyone could come in.  Very dangerous.  The room.....Oh My God, the room.....I'll let the pictures do the talking.  On the bright side, there were no bugs.
Rating: 4
Text: The walls are pretty thin, so I made friends easily; bugs came in readily through the window somehow, so I made even more friends. The room smelled like a corpse's butthole that someone had used as an ashtray, which reminded me of my childhood, and they had a nice chair that still had the cozy, lingering heat of whatever old lady died in it; judging by the moisture stain, I'm fairly certain she held her beer in her left hand. The desk had a hole for a charger, which gives me hope that they have plans to upgrade amenities in the future. Overall not bad!
Also, if anybody wants a dresser that's only been rained on a handful of times, there are like seven in the parking lot, get them while they last!
Rating: 4
Text: Pretty good staff support. Rooms are what you expect for hotel. Provides good service.
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed there June 15th, poor motel to stop at. I stay in moderately priced motels for wor 4-5 times a month. This is the first time in years I want to comment regarding quality of facility and service. It started with check-in, shabby lobby staff barely spoke English. received very little info from lady at desk. Room was poorly maintained, when I plugged  in my phone charger, it fell out. 2 of 3 outlets in room were worn out. Room had a dank odor, poorly maintained. In the morning at 7:30 when I went to check out, the office was locked, no one answered the knocking. Needless to say the breakfast identified on the web page was unavailable. As a Wyndham  motel....stay away.......Jerry Ryan, Nebraska
Rating: 2
Text: OK so if you just need a place to sleep for a few days its great. The rooms are nothing fancy but they are clean and the rooms are up kept. On the downside the "free WiFi" is pretty much useless. It cuts out every 5 mins. The breakfast is OK again nothing fancy, a waffle iron, microwave oatmeal's and previously frozen muffins. 
