Travelodge Lincoln
Rating: 1
Text: When we walked into our room (which looks nothing like the pictures online) the musky smell of smoke was overwhelming. We opened the window to breath and the screen was busted out. The walls were covered in old screws, bolts and tacks. Wallpaper as peeling off, ceiling chunks were missing, we had blood on the pillows, and the beds didn’t even look like they were made. Everything was old and dirty.  The horror continued when we went to check out the bathroom. Mold was on the ceiling and in the bathtub and poop splatters covered the toilet. We went straight back down stairs and canceled our reservation. We were still charged the $130 for the room since it was Husker game day. Hands down, worst hotels I’ve even been in and I’ve stayed in cheap hotel in Mexico City.
Rating: 3
Text: The staff were busy but super nice, however the bathroom appeared to have mold on the ceiling and it had a spider web and live spider behind the door. There was something on the window and wall that we could not figure out what it was. All in all nice people but on desperate need of a deep clean
Rating: 3
Text: Love the bar n wait staff, we are there every Friday night drinking and darts..   BUT the men's room is horrendous,,,, both urinals have been down last 4 weeks.... Sickining...
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms are old fashioned, but it's a nice old fashioned, not run down. Great water pressure for the shower, and the bed is so comfortable I do not want to get out of it. Enjoyable breakfast and have great food at Luckiest Pub in the hotel. The ladies at the reception counter are very nice and welcoming.
Rating: 1
Text: I would never ever recommend this hotel to anyone. I reserved Nonsmoking Kingsize room w/microwave and fridge two days prior to checking in. Marked preference to first floor as I also had small children with me. Daughter is moderately allergic to smoke so non smoking was essential. When we arrived, I waited at the front desk for over ten minutes before someone actually came to check me in. She was furiously yelling to someone on her iphone (I only mention this because it was obvious it was a personal call). She motioned to me with her finger to hold on a sec while she finished her call. She yelled at the person on the phone that "THEY DIDN'T UNDERSTAND, THERE ARE NO ROOMS!" She was correct, despite my reservation. She didn't have a kingsize room available an hour after they told us we could check in (They stated checking was 3, but we didn't get there until 4pm). "Upgraded" us to two doubles 30 mins after waiting in lobby. Their machine couldn't process my card, so I had to go into Luckie's to pul money out of an ATM. Yea for foreign ATM fees. She also failed to mention to us, until after I signed paperwork, that my "upgrade" was a smoking room on the 2nd floor, with no microwave or fridge. Went to the room and stripped comforter off bed so she was able to sleep there. And although the room didn't reek of cigarette smoke, there was a man who was smoking in the hallway up to the room, so we still had to deal with it. This was not a contained incident, we dealt with it the whole time we were there. Also, there was so much animal hair gathered on the stairs it was very clear they never vacuum them. Someone with a dog allergy should definitely steer clear.

The hot tub was broken when we arrived, and when we were going to go for a morning swim before checkout, we were told the pool was out of commission as well. It probably had something to do with all of the algae and mold surrounding the pool. I couldn't tell if it was black mold or just really bad mildew all over the wall. The fire exit door leading outside in the pool area was literally peeling apart. It definitely wasn't secure. You could see through it in areas, despite the fact that there were no windows in it. The hallway we had to walk through to get to our room was flooded all through the evening and was still full of water when we left. Instead of using a shopvac to clean it up, they just set signs in the middle that said wet floor. My youngest daughter slid despite the sign and fell, soaking her only clean change of clothes. The carpet was so dirty that it left a dark brown mark all over the back of her outfit. There was also standing water that smelled sooooo bad outside in the courtyard. You could tell it had been there for awhile and no obvious attempt to remove it. Cigarette butts EVERYWHERE in the courtyard.

If I didn't already have plans and had sent the address to people, and had people coming from out of town to meet us there, and I hadn't made reservations online that had cancellation penalties, I definitely would have packed my stuff up and left. I was embarrassed to have company visit such a dilapidated facility. The only plus I could give this hotel is that there were no bedbugs in our room. I can't vouch for the rest of the hotel though. I won't ever be back to vouch for any of the others. This building should be condemned, what it lacked in bedbugs, it made up for with multiple healthcode violations. So disappointing.
