Travelodge Airport Platte City
Rating: 1
Text: Not happy. Room had a funny smell, Indian guy at the front was hard to understand, door didn't work half the time, A/C unit didn't work right and had broken mind, bed had broken springs and one actually came through and cut me. This place isn't cared for, and isn't worth $5. I paid almost $60 for the night. I've stayed at places for around the same price and it was fully updated and extremely clean. I would never recommend this hotel nor will I ever stay again. I'd rather sleep in the grass outside. Horrible.
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent value for the money. Great rooms, beds, awesome breakfast. Great service!
Rating: 1
Text: 1 star does not do them justice, it's a no star hotel. The room looked okay it was small though. The sheets were clean but had some kind of stain on the blanket. I couldn't locate a receptacle that worked, had to plug my phone in in the bathroom. The shower curtain had so much stains on it it looks like it needed to be washed a year ago. The room was too cold and everything was outdated and old. The lamps were all cracked, bent and cricket. The carpet was sticky. Worst place I've ever stayed, not worth your money. We had no towels in the room, had to call front desk to bring us some. The place looks so bad that we did not even stay for breakfast, left at 5am. Toilet moves when you sit on it and when you get up. The shower had a bunch of hair on the walls, so did the "clean towels."
The only reason we stayed there was because they had enough room to park our moving truck. And dogs are welcome.
Rating: 2
Text: The place was dirty and it seemed as if it was all falling apart. The hotel room and bathroom were so small it felt a bit crammed in there. There are no grounded electrical outlets so I was unable to plug in my laptop. Bit pizza slice and torn cardboard from pizza box found behind our bed. AC/heater was really old and smelled like something was burning when turned on; the housing unit on it came off. There are 2 remotes for the tv and none turn it on. The towel rack came off the wall when I grabbed the towels. The bathtub seems unstable as if there is no floor underneath it to support weight. There is a stand for a coffee pot in the restroom which is really weird. Overall, I disliked this place. The only thing that consoled me was that I brought blankets and pillows of my own to avoid using the possibly dirty pillows that the hotel use. 
Rating: 4
Text: They were reasonably priced had clean rooms and hot coffee in the morning was not the best breakfast better than a poke in the eye the beds were very comfortable
