Travelodge Peoria Hotel and Conference Center
Rating: 2
Text: We are there for a 8 ball pool tournament. Friday night when checking in there was a line out the door due to only one staff member at front desk. Our room is in need of maintenance and up grading. The carpet throughout the facility needs replacing. The vending machines ran out of water and the grand hall was extremely hot with all the people. The bar stopped taking credit cards and first night ran out of essential. All in all they need more staff and be better prepared for an event this size. But the staff that was here were polite and helpful.
Rating: 3
Text: I really enjoyed the staff when I checked in at night. I thought the hotel was actually very well maintained. Vending machines will take your money. In the morning when we went to check out or to find someone no one was there and took about 15 minutes before he came back in from being outside. Other than that incident it was a wonderful hotel!
Rating: 1
Text: This was the worst place I have stepped foot in! We drove 2 hours from home because my sister is having lung surgery in the morning and we wanted to be close to the hospital. We get there and get checked in and go to our room, as soon as we open the door roaches we're coming from every where. Also there was mold on the ceilings which obviously isn't good for anyone, but especially someone who has problems breathing as it is. I went right down to the front told the lady and she said sorry what do you need me to do? Um I want my money back! Needless to say we got our money back and are staying down the street bug free!
Rating: 3
Text: Front desk was very helpful. Rooms were ok but good for the price. Bathrooms very dated and room was sweltering when we arrived. We turned ac on blast and left for 2 hours to pool after checking in and the room was still really hot. If we hadn't packed our own fan I couldn't have slept there. We did have reservations so I would have expected them to at least run a.c. on 80 an hour or so minimum before our arrival. Overall opinion 3/5 for amenities, cleanliness, comfort. 5/5 staff. 
Rating: 4
Text: Clean rooms. Good bar and kitchen. Nothing fancy but very friendly. Good location. Definitely a good value.
