Travelodge Dodge City
Rating: 4
Text: Simple, quiet room and great for a quick overnight stay. Much cheaper than hotels a couple blocks away. Nice staff.
Rating: 1
Text: The owners are rude, and unfriendly, they lied to us and cheated us. The price marked online was $41 for the night we stayed and they charged us 70. When we got in the room it was awful. A non smoking room was covered with smoke smell, there wasn't enough towels and complimentary hygiene products and the coffee maker didn't work which they refused to replace with a working one, the phone was out of my order and all wall outlets are not up to code. We couldn't plug anything in because they are fire hazards.
Rating: 3
Text: Adequate. Nice room, nice bed. Bathroom small,no place to put toiletries, poor water pressure in shower, poor regulation of water temperature.  Advertised breakfast.  Only had coffee and a few packaged muffins. Adequate for 1 night for the pricr.
Rating: 4
Text: Decent quality, good service, great house keeping and a killer attractive lady working the front desk
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed here 2 years ago and it was decent, so decided to book it again. I arrived late and got checked in quickly and was not given a receipt, but planned on checking out early and thought I would get it then.
This room - 132 - was disgusting. Opening the door, it reeked like puke. As if someone puked on the carpet and all they did was wipe it up instead of shampooing it. It was dark out and the entry light didn't work, so I had to stumble around a dark room to find a lamp to turn on. It only got worse once illuminated. The bathroom floor had long black hairs all over it. I mean LOTS of hairs! The walls were filthy. It was 35 degrees out, the room was cold, and the heater put out an inadequate amount of heat, so it took a good hour to make it somewhat comfortable in there. The toilet paper roll was 3 sheets shy of being empty and the replacement roll sitting on the sink was open and dirty. The shower controls were at my feet and there was no place to set soap or shampoo inside the shower stall. One bar of soap and one shampoo is all they give you. One lamp didn't work. TV would only turn on and off. One channel and no volume control. Only decaf coffee because they don't bother to refill their in room coffee supplies.
In the morning I went to check out around 5 am and the lobby was locked up tight, so I left with no receipt, but couldn't wait to get out of there and take a clean shower somewhere else.
