Travelodge Inn And Suites Muscatine
Rating: 1
Text: The staff was great, I was immediately disgusted when I walked in the room. the pillows were smaller then the throw pillows on my couch. The Towels were thin and cheep and barley there. The ice machine was broken and there  was a half gallon of ice cream in it. There was mold on the ceiling in the shower.The first room we were in, stunk so bad. it made me feel ill, I burned a candle  all night . The entrance is very nice, but walk a little way down the hall and see the difference . I got up at 8:30 for breakfast and there was no hot items, I had to ask for them. There was no toaster for the bread and beagles. Housekeeping left a lot to be desired it seemed as if none. .they gave us another room, slightly better. trouble with credit card running..they ended up charging us 2 xs what they said. more, but to much to write. I feel I was deceived by the look of the building. I feel I should be reimbursed totally for all of the problems, now I have to try to get 2 bank accounts fixed.I will never stay here again and would not recommend anyone stay there.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel is very accessible to many ammenities. It's an older hotel that obviously was in it's hay day about 20 or so yrs ago. Still pretty decent. I was upset that I asked for quarters for their washer and dryer when I have seen several people hanging around the machine for hours. Which tells me they obviously knew the dryer didn't work. They didn't say a word, took my dollars for quarters. When I came down at midnight and had to get a cab to the only all night laundromat you could tell they knew damn well. At least they were nice enough to call the cab for me. But it ended up being a $25 laundry session!! They could have just told me. I've been to several hotels that were nice enough to be honest about that
Rating: 1
Text: MOST DIGUSTING HOTEL EVER...... I rented a room for one night for my 10yrs old daughter's birthday, I got the Egyptian Suite...At the front desk there was an issue with check in, the lobby does not depict the rest of the hotel the lobby is clean and looks nice smells good BUT First thing as you walked into the hallway all you could smell was stale beer and pot, there was what appeared to be vomit in our sink, dead bugs everywhere including on the bed, cobwebs with live spiders and their meals hanging, the room smelled of mildew and nastiness, when I complained they told me they would send room serves to clean it and then proceeded to tell me children were not allowed in those rooms anyway!! I clearly stated to them when I reserved the room it was for a group of 10yr old girls for the night. They didn't offer any compensation and walked away.... I had to request my money back to go to a different hotel. Worst experience ever, so awful!!! ZERO STARS but in order to leave a review was forced to give atleast one..
Rating: 4
Text: Good value, clean, currently being updated. Indoor pool, free breakfast starts early, spacious parking lot. Walking distance to multiple restaurants.
Rating: 5
Text: Awesome room. Room was clean and well-kept there's a microwave and mini fridge and a coffee maker in the room. staff was very friendly!!
