Travelodge La Porte/Michigan City Area
Rating: 3
Text: It's decent. You get what you pay for. Clean rooms but no amenities. Breakfast is simple muffins and danishes. Staff is very polite. It's good for a quick stay
Rating: 1
Text: If there was an option to give negative stars then I would. Our power went out due to a storm and we waited until about 10 pm for it to turn back on but the house was getting too hot to keep my 3 year old and 7 month old children. Had to rent a room and put the kids to sleep as soon as we arrived since it was way past there bedtime.. didn't think we had to inspect the room. Didn't notice until the next morning after we opened blinds that my son was sleeping with a blanket that had not been cleaned and looked like bodily fluids. Had stains on the WHITE sheets.. huge stains on the comforter and smelled. The place had a weird smell altogether. A clean wash cloth looked like it had pubic hairs on it. The refrigerator/freezer was nasty. It looked like they didn't even vacuum as there were crumbs and unidentified substances on the carpet and on bathroom floor. After complaining, they gave us information to send to manager and we'd receive a call back by 3 pm. We sent pictures and explained everything and we didn't receive a call. I made the call after waiting and the "manager" (Tiffany) was stating there's nothing she could do and that we "made the choice." She stated that we should've looked over the room before purchasing and that she doesn't have time to listen because she's running a business and hung up on me! She was playing the victim and stating that she even gave us a room with an A/C unit (which I thought all the rooms supplied). Even asked for a partial refund just because of the fact that we didn't notice the unsanitary ways until the next morning and she was very unprofessional with her responses and didn't care about customer satisfaction or the fact that our infant and toddler were touching the unidentified substances that were on the sheets and blankets!! Customer service, from a "professional business," was the worst I had ever experienced!! This was my first experience at a Travel Lodge and it was a terrible first impression that I'll never book at another one again!!
Rating: 2
Text: I wanted to like this place more than I did. There was a power snafu for most of the weekend, the parking lot is small, they are understaffed which makes the current staff pretty snippy. The towels didn't appear very clean, but the rooms were cleaned every day. The window unit or the fridge had leaked at some point and caused a foul smell in the room. The guests staying next to us had to move because their ceiling caved in from what appeared to be water damage. Very sad breakfast and there is NO ELEVATOR or bell man so have fun dragging your bags up three flights of stairs.
Rating: 5
Text: They have the cleanest rooms they have breakfast they have grate rates and they have good ppl that work there to he'll u
Rating: 4
Text: I was staying at the Travelodge at last minute and they had plenty of availability. One of my favorite restaurants was close enough to deliver and it was quiet enough for me to get my rest. Thank you for a great experience, I will definitely stay there again
