Travelodge Seymour
Rating: 4
Text: Friendly staff, reasonable price. Location convenient to I-65 and US 50 in Seymour. Close to restaurants and many chain stores. A reservation was made ahead for my husband and I, and a second floor room was booked by mistake. The owner personally corrected the error, and gave us a room convenient to the front office. Pets are allowed at an additional charge to the base rate. Per week rates are also available.
Rating: 1
Text: Long black hairs hanging from our clean towels, all over in the shower and all over the vanity. Smelled like dirty feet in the room. Mold in the shower along with a dirty tub ring. Moved us to another room and it was exactly the same, aside from the smell. When we made these issues aware to the management, how unclean the rooms were, they were more willing to just give us our money back, so we could go somewhere else, instead of trying to correct the actual problems. Its like they just didn't care that the rooms were clean or that we even stayed with them. The continental breakfast consisted of toast and dry cereal. I guess you get what you pay for.
Rating: 2
Text: I stayed in this hotel for a night during a long road trip because I needed a pet-friendly hotel and this one had decent reviews for the price. Maybe the regular rooms are better kept, but the pet room was pretty terrible - smelled strongly of cat pee, the ceiling in the bedroom looked seriously water damaged and sketchy, and I think my cats got fleas from the room. The bed was so hard my arm went numb when I slept on my side. OTOH, it wasn't visibly dirty, and there weren't bed bugs, so it could have been worse.
Rating: 3
Text: It is a cheap hotel if you're looking for a place to stay and that's it is just fine every room that I was in was clean. The air conditioning in the first room was noisy second room did not have that problem. Actually pretty good for the price
Rating: 3
Text: Not so bad for the price. Room was clean, bed was good, but breakfast a little too simple. But definitely better than the neighbor Days Inn!
