Travel Inn Rockford
Rating: 5
Text: If you want a cheap and convenient place to stay for a night, this is the place. It's not the cleanist place or updated but it works. There jacuzzi rooms are the best rooms in there.
There pool has been shut down for awhile now.  There availability;  always available. 
The location is what's best I believe.  
It's not that bad 

From anonymous
Rating: 1
Text: I would never recommend this place to anyone. The place smelled like straight weed, the carpet looked like it hasn't been cleaned ever. It was a maroon color originally but it was brown when I saw it with dark stains. Also, the mattress and bedspread were filthy and the bathroom was disgusting. Like u could catch some serious disease from just walking in there. 
The guy tht showed us the room, told us they were in the process of remodeling. Well three years ago, my boyfriend went there and they told him the same thing! So that's 3 years of filth and dirt. Disgusting.  It's probably even worse than the 3 years, it looks like it's never been cleaned. Ever. Horrible.
Rating: 1
Text: Choosing 1 star is a joke! I would give this place a half star at best! Only because the AC worked and it did have basic cable. Stayed the night of 6/10/17 through the morning of 6/12/17 and I only stayed because my landlord was paying for it because the electricity went out at the house. VERY generous of my landlord! i have no complaints against him. Motel was dirty, stank, used women's underwear in the drawer! No hot water. Desk would of fallen over if I sneezed on it. Wallpaper peeling, paint needed. Deadbolt would not work and no other lock on the door. Wifi said I was connected to internet , but every single page I tried came up almost instantly that it couldn't load because it was taking too long to load?!?! Everything was so dirty I didn't even take off my shoes! Slept fully clothed on top of the covers.
Rating: 3
Text: I would never stay there ever again. I stayed a few nights with a friend here. This hotel nasty as hell..They don't like to clean the hall ways nothing but drug deal's here and people who smoke drugs. The hotel smells bad. And everyone go from room to room asking for stuff like food etc.
Rating: 1
Text: BEWARE OF BED BUGS. Woke up to a few dozen bites and the little jerks crawling away. This is absolutely disgusting.
Not to mention there's no hot water, the toilet doesn't flush, and the sheets look like they're never washed. I don't even know how this is legal!
The walls and ceiling are beyond dirty. Wifi and cable don't  work.
If you want to pay to get bed bugs and to take a freezing shower, you should come here!
