Travelodge Terre Haute
Rating: 2
Text: I'm very disappointed in this motel. The pictures and website talked it up much better than it actually is. The room was very run down. It was dingy and outdated. It didn't look very clean. The shower was missing tiles. There was rust all over the metal. My daughter opened a drawer and it was full of candy wrappers and kleenexs, so it was obvious they don't clean well. I wouldn't pay over $40 for that room, even if I was desperate. Unfortunately I paid over $70 and they had plenty of rooms available. I'll definitely choose another hotel next time I'm in Terre Haute.
To end with a positive note - the workers are very nice! That's all I have though.
Rating: 4
Text: First room we were shown had a really odd smell, so we asked for another. The second one was fine - furnishings were somewhat outdated, but it was generally clean and nice for the price. We decided to change our stay from four to one nights, and the staff were very nice about it. Don't get your hopes up for breakfast - it's literally just bagels, muffins, a waffle machine, refrigerated hard boiled eggs, and milk & coffee.
Rating: 1
Text: Do not look for the building in the picture if you are looking for the hotel, it does not look like the picture... at all. One of our rooms smelled off while the other one smelled like a dead hooker. Had to personally fix the toilet, the sink, and find some way to attempt to cover the dead hooker smell because staff did not assist. Was not able to change rooms because we were informed the other rooms were booked. The place was almost empty, however. Breakfast was an unknown to us because upon entering the breakfast room you are overwhelmed by warm stale air filled with a strong aroma of moth balls. This might not be so bad if it didn't simultaneously take your breath away and burn your lungs. All in all we would NOT recommend this place to anyone, ever. We have absolutely no clue as to who may have given great reviews, but unless they are just trying to boost their own ratings the people could not have stayed here.
Rating: 2
Text: The staff was amazing. The woman running the location was cheerful an went above and beyond to make our stay good. However, the non-smoking rooms smelled heavenly of smoke. There were no amenities in the room when we arrived. The beds appeared clean but felt dirty. Multiple parts of the exterior appeared run down. But on the other side, it was the last expensive place to stay in town. You get what you pay for. 
Rating: 1
Text: Tiles we're duct taped into the shower stall, deadbolt didn't work, fridge was warm and smelled like fish.  All in all, 1/5 because the bed was comfy, the A/C worked and O didn't get murdered.
