Triangle Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Got in about 9pm driving a truck and trailer from Houston and needing a place to sleep. The other motel was booked then I saw this place. Gave me a room immediately and was so nice! Even had a place to pull my truck in for the night! Recommended!
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean and updated!! Very friendly and willing to work with you if there's any problems. Very reasonably priced!! Close to good eating places. Will definitely be staying there again when the need arises!!!
Rating: 1
Text: My family and I rented a room for a night and I slipped and fell in the shower because there were no skid strips in the shower. When I reported it to management the called the police and had my family and I removed from the property. My back had a huge cut on it, my tailbone was bruised along with my left arm and knew. I would never rent another room from these people again, especially since the Microtel is only $10 more and three times the hotel. Triangle inn needs much better customer service and guest mediation services. Really sad service
Rating: 4
Text: Manager was very polite and helpful. Not bad for a older motel. Would stay here again
Rating: 1
Text: OK Ste. Genevieve is the worst place ever.  My fiancé was staying at this motel Triangle Inn and wanted me to come up here while he was working here, well I came up here to this motel and he asked for a king room and we got a king room that’s when everything went south.  I asked my fiancé if he could get us clean sheets and the guy That cleans room there names not mentioned,  through a fit and got a little irate with my fiancé and brought us sheets but no pillow cases.  The Manager said if we wanted sheets changed we would have to pay the daily rate not the weekly rate. She said she done us a favor by putting us in a nice room since we had a dog, my dog is a service dog and has been frowned upon since we got here.  The water in the shower goes from ice cold to scalding hot to ice cold back and forth well The manager said its because she was doing laundry, well I have been burnt on several occasions. We never had housekeeping service other than towels maybe twice a week and weekly workers get service one day a week.  Our sheets  haven’t been changed in two weeks.  Well the manager saw a bad review I had wrote online about this motel and she banged on the door I answered it she asked if my name was so and so I said yes she said I told lies about her motel said she called my fiancé’s work and reported me to his boss.  She told me I was not welcomed at her motel because the other workers were upset that I was there,  the motel doesn’t want significant others staying there it was bad for business. She said I had to get out immediately and she was trash talking me to other guest right in front of me.  She humiliated me and belittled me in front of other guest.  The manager said my fiancé was talking Ill of me and was trying to cause problems between my fiancé and I.  Some hospitality this manager has. This manager had guest complaining about how big of a problem I was and told them to go on the website for her motel and write good reviews about her and her motel.  So I don’t make her look bad. Yea you should see what other comments are posted about this motel on other websites I should have looked on those websites before I came to this horrible motel.
