True Vine Plantation Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Our last stay was last tuesday. We met a new worker that the owner Brenda just hired he made us feel at ease and was very friendly to us in every way unlike some of the others that has been there working for the true vine. Brenda the owner is so great and we just love her and the motel. There has been some run ins with one of her workers that is a smart mouth. So we are very happy to of known the new guy and look forward to staying there every chance we get. We only regret knot remembering his name.
Rating: 1
Text: I and my son stayed at the true vine motel not knowing what to expect because of the people there. This place is horrible. The maintenance man in room 1 was spun out of his mind I think his name is mike. The lady that checked us in was Ashley. Mike came in and she Ashley handed him something white right in front of my son and I. After u said was that dope she replied YES. She handed him dope right in front of us. I said I am not staying here. She begged  me to not say any thing. I said give me my money back  now. While I was there I saw her sell dope two more times. I also herd her make a deal for sex to some one that had called her. Please don't stay in this dope house. I went down the road  got a very clean room and had a great night. Don't go to this dope hooker hide out
Rating: 1
Text: This has to be a joke. I have stayed at the true vine motel. never in my life seen such a joke of a motel. Prostitute's running around dope being sold and used in the parking lot. My room had a used condum laying next to the piss filled bed. Room smells like a ash tray. Help there sells her ragged self and meth and crack is rampant by the other staff members. The owner just lets this go on. Pimps fighting at night. Just a very very bad place. Pay 5.00 mor go a half mile down and get a good clean safe room.
Rating: 3
Text: For forty dollars it's not a bad place to come and stay the owner and staff are very nice. No bed bugs!!! And it's clean.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place, family owned, and friendly, old style motel, like staying at your grandmothers
