Tunnel Drive-In and Suites
Rating: 4
Text: Great food and service, but best part was the outdoor area beside the train tracks for our train-LOVING son. Lucked in to seeing two trains while we ate!

Rating: 5
Text: We were absolutely pleasantly surprised by EVERYTHING!  We stayed in Suite 2 which was beautiful inside and had all the comforts of home: hot and strong shower, mini kitchen, living room with satellite, WiFi, tons of closet space for long stays, etc.  We loved the huge back deck that overlooks the city and the park.  It was very peaceful.  The front porch had a great swing and chairs to relax on.  When we first arrived, we were worried it was so nice it wouldn’t be ATV friendly but we were relieved to find a hose to wash off our bikes and all of our neighbors had ATVs.  The location is one of the best in Williamson too.  It is right around the corner from the trailhead and next door to the BEST restaurant in Williamson (Tunnel Drive Inn) where they offer frosted mugs for your root beer and delicious food.  We had the chili dogs and cheeseburgers both days….I’m still craving one.  Everyone who worked at the restaurant and suites was VERY nice and extremely helpful!  Although these suites were slightly more than the cabins we have stayed at around H&M trails with our military discount, they were WELL worth the money having everything we needed.  The only thing we thought we would miss was the camping experience (fire pit, grilling food) but we didn’t miss it one bit! 
Advice for future bookings: 
1.	Don’t worry when your GPS takes you to the wrong place in a busier part of town….keep going and make a left when you come to a T in the road.  The location is quiet (other than the train which I love the sound of) and secluded.  Google will take you 4-5 blocks too early.  
2.	If you are coming from the East (we came from Virginia Beach) or Highway 52 is on your route, do NOT follow the shortest route google gives you….Highway 52 takes hours due to its dangerous curves and going through towns.  Take highway 119 no matter what!  It will cut hours from your trip.  Coming there w 52 on our route took us 10 hours, coming back was 7!
3.	The name is deceiving…by suite we thought we would be in a hotel room or sharing a house.  It’s a whole cabin to yourself!  
4.	If you are staying for long periods, you may need to get hangars for the closet at dollar tree or walmart (not far…maybe 1-2 miles) and bring hand soap for the bathroom  (unless they stock them after reading)
5.	There’s no front desk or information sheet but the owner is on site and very easy to get a hold of.  He is extremely accommodating.  My neighbor and I had to download the pdf for the coffeemaker.  I felt like an idiot not being able to figure it out but it’s a professional coffee maker that must stay on the entire time (fill it to max w several pots of water until it finally starts coming out the bottom, turn on vacation switch on side (NOT warmer), wait 15 minutes to heat, leave vacation switch on, when you are ready to brew, pour another pot of water in and then turn on warmer).  Maybe in the future they could print the pdf and leave it in drawer?
6.	Be careful near the intersection by the suites…there was an accident when we came in.  People are very careful around ATVs but be careful pulling out
7.	No laundry facility on site but the owner offered to let us use his.  There is a laundry mat nearby
 
 
Rating: 5
Text: Really enjoyed my stay at the Tunnel Drive-In.  It's proximity to the Hatfield McCoy trails was great and the suites were well maintained.  Will stay again...
Rating: 5
Text: 
