Turkey Run Inn
Rating: 5
Text: We stopped for lunch at the Inn. My wife had the Reuben Sliders and I had a traditional Hoosier Pork Tenderloin Sandwich. Both were very good, as were the soup/salad bar and desert. The setting, of course, is rustic. Unfortunately, they put in an indoor pool, which blocks the view of the park, except on one side of the dining room. We took a hike on Trail 11, a short, easy trail that starts just outside the Inn, for a better view. We have stayed here before, both at the main lodge and in the cabins, and enjoyed it very much, especially the seclusion/convenience of the Overlook Cabin.
Rating: 1
Text: Attended an event at Turkey Run recently. Considering the people hosting the party paid for the use of the facility, the staff one lady in particular was rather rude. Telling them to hurry for food then they could continue. The hosts paid for the use of the facility not for a time restraint of what they do in that time frame. I love turkey run, they inn is a gorgeous building on the outside. But the beds are horrible and the staff is snappy....I wouldn't spend another night there unless absolutely necessary.
Rating: 4
Text: We thought it was a nice place.... would definitely go back... reasonably priced...the room clean & cozy...very rustic... nice gift shop too...the whole area was just beautiful....
Rating: 5
Text: I've been coming here for years and it never gets old. Awesome trails, fun nature center (especially for the kids). The lodge is a great gathering place at the end of the day too!
Rating: 4
Text: The location was great. Proximity to the trails was a major plus. The room was adequate, but nothing fancy. It served its purpose. The restaurant was decent; but again, nothing too exciting. $15.99 for the buffet was a bit much- especially for how small it was. I would definitely visit Turkey Run again, but probably as a camper next time. Also, they don't waive the $9 entrance fee to the park- even if you're staying at the inn. I thought that was a little bogus. Not a deal breaker, but just something to keep in mind.
