Twin Pines Campground
Rating: 5
Text: Dave the owner of the campground is really nice.  It has a really nice Cabin that has a hot tub.  We have a little pop camper that we take down there 3 or 4 times a year.  In the summer he provides ice and he has his pool running in the later part of the summer.  The Jacksfork river is 3 miles away. So you could plan a float trip on the Jacksfork river or the current river. I recommend the current river the Jacksfork river can be rough for people on canoes but in kayaks the Jacksfork river will be fine .also the the Jacksfork river does not have as many canoe rentals as on the current river the current river has a lot more to see like the old cabin and the cave.  Also the detection that Google have are not correct what you do when you get to Mountain view you go to highway 17 then you follow that across the steel bridge then the next major road to the right will be oo highway that will lead you to the campground.
Rating: 1
Text: If I could give no stars I would...DO NOT CAMP HERE!!! We have been to multiple campgrounds as we r avid campers in tents....this place is disgusting first things first tho there are no PROS to camping there it was 35 for one night for an overgrown Campground with so many nats I had to keep my kids in the tent...the bathroom was disgusting with centipedes and roaches everywhere and spiders all over one was in the shower with a egg sack on its back....the staff guy was nice when we arrived but it took us over an hour to find the place due to its horrible location...I highly advise nobody to go there unless u have an RV and no kids...there was probably 20 sites and one cabin but there was only two ppl there besides us and they never came outside...this place disgusted my family and overpriced for its under kept facilities!!!!!
Rating: 4
Text: Staff was super nice. Everything was clean and kept. Directions were a google fubar thus 4 stars, Google owes them a star :) If you get close make a phone call for directions, stay here, you will be glad you did.
