Twin Rivers Landing
Rating: 4
Text: Had a great weekend. Camped on site 56 had nice tree cover and shade. 11pm quite time is actually enforced making this a good family camp ground. Also has what looks like a really nice playground. The float itself seems kinda short but I guess that's not a bad thing if you take the kids. The BAD is getting on the river for the float. You don't have a certain time to be at the beach and when you get there it is a literal free for all with people looking more like a pack of hungry animals as they wait impatiently for the staff to drop another canoe kayak or raft.
Rating: 2
Text: I've been going to this campground since the age of 2 years old. I'm now 37. I can honestly say that this place WAS thee best campground around the black river until new owners came in. The old owners treated you like family. Literally! The old man came to our site often and talked to us with respect and was so proud of his business. He loved making others feel welcomed and making sure everyone was comfortable. 
The bath houses always were clean and the greatest part is they used to have a huge stock pile of firewood for free that you would just drive up to and load up. They had a contract or some kind of deal worked out with one of the lumber yards. Now you pay $6 to $8 for about 6 pieces of firewood. The new owners are nowhere as friendly or welcoming as the old owners, especially the owners Dave's wife. She's SO rude and seems miserable. When you bring your family to a place you spent your life going to to create great memories for your own children you want it to be as great or better than what you had growing up. It's just not the case anymore at Twin rivers landing. It's such a shame too. 
I do understand the pressure of taking over a business and I know not everyone is going to like change, but when taking over a place that's been so great for so many years and making the experience miserable and feeling so unwanted is just so wrong to do to all the loyal customers that's made Twin Rivers not only a traditional place to go, but a part of life that you actually WANTED to share with your children and their children and so on.
Rating: 5
Text: I have been going to twin rivers landing since they opened in the 70s I was very happy when the new owners bought it they are very nice and seem to care very much about their guest and the success of the campground.
Rating: 1
Text: If you want to go camping were you can relax listen to music and kick back with friends I do not suggest going here.  They messed up on our paper work for our float 
Had to pay even more and they could tell us why.  Bathrooms had no lights ...try showering n pitch black.  Not mention was told bringin dj sound system n playing music was fine quite time was 11. Nope was shut down by owners at 9. Not a place I would recommend if you want to have a good time listen to music relaxing with friends. If I wanted to go to bed at 9 I should have saved my money and stayed home. Our people spent 1000 at this float n camp but we will be looking elsewhere next year.
Rating: 5
Text: I feel obligated to relate my recent experience at Twin Rivers Landing as I feel it directly reflects the kind of people you will be dealing with should you choose to camp and/or float there.  

I recently called and booked three days of weekday camping and two days of floating.  During the reservation process I dealt with a younger employee who seemed to be learning the process.  She had to pause a few times to request assistance, but was always courteous and friendly.  The process went very smoothly and all of my questions were answered accurately.  

The challenging part of the trip began when my five year old and I arrived Monday afternoon.  Upon pulling my fully loaded Yukon into the office parking lot, I immediately noticed that I had a flat tire.  This situation was complicated by a lack of cell service.  I walked into the office and explained my situation to an employee who offered to contact the owner for help.  Dave, the owner, appeared shortly thereafter and offered to "Take a look".  After surveying the situation, Dave basically spent the next two hours taking me to his shop, loading up a compressor, floor jack, various wood blocks, etc., airing up my tire, following me to my camp site and helping me jack up the truck, remove the wheel and safely secure the vehicle on blocks and jack stands for the night.  I would add that Dave clearly was struggling with  some back pain and this was probably the last thing his back needed or that he felt like doing that day.  Once we secured the truck, Dave even brought us some firewood and made sure we had everything we needed and told us to meet him in the morning to see about fixing the tire.

The following morning, I met Dave at the office as we had agreed.  Though he was obviously busy with other things when I arrived, he promptly informed me that he had checked with a tire shop nearby and they didn't think they could help me.  He then dropped what he was doing and drove us and our wheel to Annapolis to the tire shop/mechanic he uses.  We were luckily able to have the tire repaired there.  Dave then took us back to our camp site and helped me replace the wheel, putting us back in business.

I cannot say enough about how kind and helpful Dave was.  He literally saved our trip; a trip my five year old had been looking forward to for months.  I should also give credit to Dave's wife, because I am sure she was stuck taking care of everything else while he was carting us around.  I tried to give Dave some money for his time and help and he absolutely refused; so the best I can do is tell everyone I know about how he went "Above and beyond" to help us.

Dave and his staff took care of us like family. Throughout the rest of our stay, everyone was patient and helpful. The campsites were very nice with ample shade, the bathroom facilities were clean and functional and the river was beautiful. The rates were reasonable and we never encountered any unexpected charges.  These are really good people trying to provide a great outdoor family experience for their customers.  Personally, I will return and refer anyone interested in such an experience to them as well.

To Dave, his wife and his staff:  Thank you so much for what you did.  God bless you.
