Twin Anchors Camp Ground
Rating: 1
Text: You CANNOT make this stuff up!!! It was the trashiest, messiest, most tightly packed campground I've ever been to.  The two female employees were very friendly and nice but other than that,  I have nothing good to say about this place.  The "petting zoo" was a bunch of chickens and a rooster (who would crow from 4 am until around noon constantly) a few ducks who fought loudly, four pot belly pigs a donkey(who also sang the song of his people)  and a Shetland pony.  The "swimming area" was right off of our campsite and small children were walking through our space nonstop and unaccompanied (I know that's not the actual facility's fault however these are the people that stay there) said children,and adults included, were screaming and yelling and just generally disrespectful.  it was $20 a night for electricity only and an extra $10 a night for me to put a tent up. The site itself was maybe 20' wide.  There was not a fire pit at our space.  We had to rent one for ten more dollars! You were only allowed to park one vehicle at each site and extra parking was incredibly limited. Now let's move on to the bathrooms: only two of the five stalls worked, and neither of them had toilet paper.  it was disgusting and dirty there was one soap dispenser that was broken.  The door was held open at all times by a cheap rusted out chair (that was in the way of the actual doorway). Also there was small children looking over and under the stall doors.   Did I mention the golf cart parade? All four of them?! I do not have any clue in the world how this place has as good of a review as it does, But if you enjoy peace, quiet, and a clean environment while you camp,  I would not recommend this place. I am disappointed that this is a private facility and is being ran this way.   I, for one, will not be returning.
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice campgrounds. We got a great view of the lake and swim area at our spot. Staff was very nice and let us barrow a extention for our power. Petting zoo is cute and our kids ask if we could come back already!
Rating: 5
Text: We visit several times a year and love it. My parents even come all the way from New Mexico just to stay out here and our daughter loves all the animals at the petting zoo. Curt the new owner has done a great job with the place!
Rating: 5
Text: Great campground with amazingly friendly full-timers and weekenders mixed together. Closest campground to Ames. Amenities include: cement slab, picnic tables, mature shade trees, fishing, beach, showers, laundry, golf, family dining, snack shack, bait, convenience store, full-hook ups, and quiet hours. Will definitely be returning!
Rating: 5
Text: Camp vastly improved under new ownership, a complete turnaround from years gone by.  Enjoyed the stay.
