Twin Mills Camping Resort
Rating: 5
Text: Been here twice in the last few months.  A variety of different types of sites based on your preference.  One visit had a breakdown and they charged me a minimal fee to keep my camper on site until my truck was repaired.  My only gripe would be the site I prefer is a great large site close to the river, but it sits on a hill and is impossible to get the camper level.  A little bit of work to the site would make it much better for campers.
Rating: 2
Text: The bad: No proper showers, hot water stunk in the sink, the cold water smelled like rust. Muddy camping spots , low celular signal, no 15 amp. Camp store closed on a Wednesday afternoon. 
Good: decent laundry room, and a nice Hispanic employee helped us find an adapter for outlet. 
The resort part is missing on the equation but you will pay the $4 resort fee.
Rating: 5
Text: This is our favorite place to camp for the 4th of July. They have daily activities for kids and adults, the atmosphere is pretty laid back with the exception of a few grumpy seasonal campers now and then. The pool is always clean. The bathrooms are campground bathrooms they have showers and toilets and they work just fine, keep in mind it's not the Hilton it's a campground. If the toilet paper is out just let them know they're pretty good about getting it done. The lots are a nice size for travel trailers and pop ups and even better for tents. Each site has a picnic table and fire pit ring. Water and electric hook up are available and we've never had a problem with it.
Rating: 4
Text: We had a very nice camp site. There was a picnic table and fire pit available for our use. We enjoyed how quiet it was at night. 
Rating: 1
Text: Just returned from a weekend of camping, can't say I will ever return. For what they get a night for camping, there was no security due to the security gates not operating, only cold water showers, many all night parties, no regard to posted quiet time after 11pm. Bathrooms not clean, by Sunday some toilets would not flush, If you wanted a clean toilet, my best advice would be take the one with the less flys. The worst offenders were the seasonal campers in our area.
