Unity Village Hotel and Conference Center
Rating: 5
Text: I didn't want leave! We were here for a week and didn't have any problems. The rooms are clean, comfortable, quiet and well stocked. Staff is courteous and friendly. The grounds are well kept and absolutely gorgeous! We will return and highly recommend this place to all travelers!
Rating: 5
Text:     A real gem, located 15 miles southeast of downtown Kansas City, the hotel and conference center is a green haven. The entire village is over 1,200 acres of earth and energy friendly facilities. 
    The hotel part of the facility is an exceptionally superb lodging and conferencing environment. With numerous trails and lakes on the campus, there is much to explore and watch. 
    Nearby bookstore and coffee shop provide Starbucks coffee, sandwiches, sodas, bottled water and specialty drinks. Additionally there are unique gift items, spiritual books and much more. In it's role as the headquarters for the unity movement, the campus chapel hosts an optional Sunday Service. 
    Back to the hotel, there are first rate amenities and services. It turned up as a highly rated facility on an internet search and we booked three nights there. Did I say free continental breakfast until 9:30 a.m.? And snacks available at other times. Golf on site, too.
   Being family friendly and close to all that Kansas City has to offer, one cannot go wrong. I am sure to be back when in this area.
Rating: 5
Text: Kind and lovely people. The rooms were clean,  comfortable and spacious.  The grounds are filled with great energy.
Rating: 5
Text: I was at Unity Village for  prayer chaplain retreat... the accommodations were beautiful... the food was delicious...  the people involved in the program were so kind so wonderful... I came out of the retreat enlightened focused and ready to embark on my spiritual path.
Rating: 4
Text: Attended a wedding at Filmore chapel. It was a little bit hard to find due to lack of signs although maps got us pretty close. This was essentially a nice room with some embelishment on the walls and some antechambers for wedding parties . The facility was clean, served well as a venue, and all attendees seemed pleased. We then went to banquet hall where there was a solid clean room and food/bar setup. Gardens are well kept as well.
