Urban Holiday Lofts Chicago Hostel
Rating: 5
Text: The rooms were clean and spacious. We appreciated the closet in the room that allowed us to put luggage out the way. The kitchen and common area were clean and easy to use. The staff (front desk and cleaners) was very accommodating and very helpful. 

The bath tubs had leftover water in a depression towards the front. It was not great but not gross. There was a line for the bathrooms around 8-10am so have to plan around that.
Rating: 5
Text: We were looking for something affordable in a great area of Chicago. Prices were crazy so after doing some research we found UHL. It was perfect for the two of us girls who would be spending little time actually in our "hotel room." Tim and the entire staff were so kind, welcoming and helpful. They made our trip easy! We appreciated getting to save a little but also staying somewhere in a GREAT location that was safe and clean. We loved the neighborhood and the easy access to the middle of downtown! The only things to consider were the AC didn't get very cold on a hot summer day and the rooms are quite small however the overall experience made up for both. We will certainly stay here again when we return.
Rating: 5
Text: This hostel was very nice;  clean and in a great neighborhood. The front desk people were more than helpful -  one even searched for my boarding pass in an email to ensure I had the correct information.  Common room is nice with most things you would need to cook a meal and breakfast is fairly basic - bagels w/ peanut butter, jam, margarine, and cream cheese (which was gone when we got there); some cereal with milk; and coffee and tea - enough to get you started in the morning.   Beds comfortable and the staff was willing to adjust temperature in our room as much as needed. The neighborhood is really great with lots of restaurants, bars, coffee shops and other stuff to do nearby.  Lots of buses and the train run near by and if you are up for an hour or more walk, you can get to the lake and downtown.  Overall you can't beat the price or the neighborhood.
Rating: 5
Text: Safe. Clean. 
Staff was courteous.
I stayed in the room which accommodates eight females, and everyone was quiet and considerate. It is great that lockers are available in the room.
Breakfast and coffee all day are offered in the open, spacious upstairs common room, which is a plus :) 
I highly recommend Urban Holiday Lofts.
Rating: 3
Text: Somewhat dirty feel with limited character. Price and location are redeeming factors. Common area on third floor not inviting and never saw anyone hanging out. Room musty and fellow travelers smelly. Wicker Park is easy El ride to O'Hare and downtown. $20 is pretty good deal. All facilities were operable and staff was pleasant.
