USA Inn and Suites
Rating: 1
Text: Horrid. We have stayed here a few times before. For the price, it isn’t too horrible. 
However, this last time, we found a full grown bed bug on the bed. We quickly packed our things and went to the front desk for a refund. The lady said that the man staying before us stayed in that room for a week...
Gave us the managers number. The manager never answered
With the way they clean this place, it won’t be long before it’s infested.
Rating: 4
Text: Upgraded rooms has done wonders for this motel. Reasonable rates are the best in town. The free morning breakfast from 6:30 am until 9:30 am can be improved upon but nonetheless I easily give this motel 4 stars.
Rating: 5
Text: Great for the price. If you're looking for something fancy this isn't the place for you, but if all you need is a clean, quiet, and comfortable bed right off the highway you should definitely stop here.

Awesome features:
- on-site coin-operated laundry
- in-room microwave and mini fridge
- Smoking Rooms
- complimentary mini breakfast bar
- extensive cable package (for a hotel)

Rating: 1
Text: Breakfast minimal, no coffee pot in room. Iron and board placement is a physical hazard, we had to cushion with towels. No maid service even though we asked two staff members. If you shower at night, you'll be  fine, NO hot water in AM even if you flush toilet several times and run water for half an hour ( staff suggestion). Even 40 minutes after checkout...none. No plug by desk to use computer. Black (mold?) on Bath ceiling. Weird  (grease?) spots all over walls and doors. No insulation, noise from adjoining rooms and hall  is loud. Spoke with from desk staff, they didn't even offer a different room.TV, fridge, internet, worked fine. 
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice hotel. Rooms have been recently renovated and brand new beds, just like home. Rate was very nice compared to other hotels in the area. The staff was very friendly, they offered us suggestions where to eat and it was good food. I totally would recommend this hotel to anyone.
