USA Inn
Rating: 5
Text: OK, this IS the BEST place to stay the night in town on a budget. 

The rooms are older, really they are older, they actually use real keys ?, so don't expect any modern styles and looks. However the rooms are clean, safe, and the clerk and house keeper are truly wonderful. 

That all said, they have free WiFi, and the rooms have a flat screen TV, micro wave, and small refrigerator that work, and are clean. Oh, did I mention that they have great parking? They do. 

Overall it's a safe, clean, friendly place with an old 1970's vibe, that won't break the travel budget. 

I'll definitely return here soon.
Rating: 1
Text: When I arrived at this Motel and went in the office I asked their rates, the Indian lady behind the counter told me $64 plus tax standing there with my wallet in my hand I grabbed my cell phone and keys off the counter and told her I'd probably be back as I walked toward the door she hurried and told me she'd take $60 plus tax I agreed to that,  paid and got my room key went to the room only to find out that it was originally $60 plus tax I felt that this lady tried to take me for more money seeing that I was there with my wallet in hand and wanted to get a room regardless of what she said. I paid for 1 night with check out the next day at 11a.m. at 9:30 the next morning I left the room to go to the store to buy a few personal hygiene items to take a shower only to come back to the Indian lady and a white lady look to be hired help had my door open to my room and was in side once the lady that appeared to be the owner noticed I was pulling back in they hurried and rushed out I asked if I still have the room till 11 as it was only 10 she said yes and apologized I asked if it was alright if I can still take a shower and they said yes they had already started cleaning the rooms. I took a shower and looked around the room to see if I had left anything sure enough I had bought some food, a bag of chips and I noticed they were gone the chips were opened but still a full bag I was certain that they had thrown them away when I came out of the room from taking my shower I asked the owner if I had left anything she had said no I mentioned my chips and she said that she'd asked the housekeeper and which when the housekeeper came up to where we were standing I mentioned the chips certainly knowing that they had thrown them away to only find out that the housekeeper had taken the chips and put them in her car to take them with her I  told them I do not want the chips anymore but I felt that I should be compensated for them going into the room and removing my items before checkout the housekeeper searched in her pocket and got the money and gave me the money not only did I feel the Indian lady tried to persuade me to pay more money dishonestly also they went into the room before my check out time was over. I would not recommend this Motel to anyone although it did appear to be clean the customer service in my experience was terrible.
Rating: 4
Text: Checked in late at night, sometime around 1am. From the other reviews it seems a lot of people arrive into this location late at night. Staff was overly friendly and helpful in getting me checked in as quick as possible.
I spoke with them for a few minutes while sorting out my reservation which I had made last minute thru an online travel website.

Hotel was small, only 1 floor, but is next to gas stations and a few fast food places. Located just a short jog off the highway, its a great location for a stopover while just passing through.

The hotel room was clean, and the bathroom appeared to have been recently renovated. When I checked out the next morning the staff was going from room to room cleaning. I slept almost until checkout and was packing at checkout time, but wasn't rushed at all. Instead I was told good morning, and told not to worry, to take my time.

While the hotel is not overly fancy, and has basic amenities, it is because of the friendly staff I would stay here again.
Rating: 4
Text: Wonderful, wonderful.  Very clean and quiet. Our room had a retro bathroom,  done in green tile (loved it). Tile was in great shape and very clean.
Bed was comfortable and sheets were clean and soft.Staff were very nice and helpful. 
Would Highly HIGHLY RECOMMEND. 

Will stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: I've traveled to Mt. Vernon for business and pleasure off and on since 2002 and usually stayed at the USA Inn. I generally thought it was a low budget motel. On my last trip just this week, I booked 3 nights. I was shocked at how nice the rooms have become after the remodeling. Beautiful bathrooms, new carpet, new beds, etc. From the outside you would never guess the rooms inside are as nice as much more expensive, name brand hotels. I will definitely stay again.
