Vacation Nauvoo
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent! We love this company. Very nice and helpful staff, and prompt at answering questions or concerns. They were wonderful! Totally recommend! 

Cleanliness and quality matter to us, and this company has rentals that offer both. EXCELLENT!
Rating: 1
Text: Within 30 minutes of renting the property I knew this was a poor decision there were dead flies on the floor and the property I felt was poorly maintained. The owner was nice enough to refund me my money minus a 100$ fee for administrative costs. They were also willing to allow me to store some of my stuff in the apartment before moving in while I was on vacation but after taking another look I found this place to be a poor condition. This was  tremendous waste of time, energy and money, driving here to find a place close to work to live. I had to drive back and wait for the owner to return to refund my money after one week.  They then deducted a $100 administrative fee. I am so glad that I did not rent the apartment and I very disappointed for having come into contact with location in the first place.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice people to work with.    They will keep you filled in on who to rent from and who not to!    Thank you
Rating: 1
Text: The lady that runs this place is very rude
Rating: 2
Text: We rented the Charles Hales Home for one night. There is an additional $50 cleaning charge if you rent for only one night. The house was not as clean as I expected. To begin with I attempted to roll out an air mattress on the floor it was very apparent that the floors needed to be swept or mopped.  The advertised occupancy of 16 is only if you use the pull out hide a bed in the couch and when I pulled it out imagine my surprise to find a brazier among other treasures (which I will omit to mention) as well as much dirt folded up in the mattress. The couch itself is dirty and the hide a bed does not sit level and is so uncomfortable it is not able to be used by an adult so we put a child on it. There were not enough pillows for the hide a bed and the bedding lacked. The downstairs shower has a handle but will not affix to the wall which makes it difficult for children or young adults to shower without getting water all over the floor. Some of the blinds are broken/ajar and don’t properly close.

