Valley West Inn
Rating: 5
Text: The woman who work the front desk are very kind and helpful unless you come to the front acting like Queen Elizabeth. Drama is not tolerated at any job. If your late on your room payment they will knock on your door. But that's any business. So try not being late and you won't be bothered. I've seen people in the halls and I'm very attractive and I've had no issue. My hot water, WiFi, and cable have worked just fine. And unlike these rude ass comments I stay here and I am not a drug addict. I don't even drink. I work and go to school. So you people really need a reality check before you accuse EVERYONE of being bad people. Then try and point out that their somehow racist while making the same biased opinions. Just pathetic. Don't cause issues and staff will always help you. The people complaining about security either destroyed the room or had the cops called due to some issue and we're kicked off the premises. Funny how they forgot to tell that part in their review
Rating: 2
Text: It is listed as a three star hotel. That's about 1.5 stars too many. Yes, it technically has a pool. There is no water in the pool, due to the large crack in the side of the pool, which the management has no plans to fix. The entire place is dirty and smells of animal stink, even though there are "No Pets" signs everywhere. Hot water is spotty, WiFi is worse. The attached restaurant is closed indefinitely, but can still set off a fire alarm in the middle of the night for no apparent reason. Other patrons hung around side doors, which should have been locked but weren't, smoke/drinking all day every day.  Staff gave us a good long-term stay discount and treated us decently, when they weren't accusing us of not paying and locking us out of our room. There was confusion on the part of management on which system was being used to collect and record payments.  Unless you literally cannot afford anywhere else, do yourself a favor and stay away.
Rating: 2
Text: NO HOT WATER and I FELT UNSAFE! For $65 I expected this hotel to be bad. We checked in, it was clean and looked nice. Went to take a shower and no hot water. Called hotel staff (from cell, no room phone) and they said they had to run the water "around the building" to get hot water. That didn't work. They said they would check on it and never came back. We checked out soon after that. I also felt unsafe, the lighting outside was poor and there were some strange people hanging around. No one at the front desk when we checked in, etc. I do not recommend staying here- go spend the extra $40 and stay at the Extended Stay American! Thankfully the safe was nice enough to give a refund without any problems.
Rating: 1
Text: My fiance and I stayed here for about 3 months and our payment NEVER WAS PUT ON MY HOTEL ACCOUNT. We thought we could trust the management to do this, apparently I was WRONG. We was paying bi-weekly and when I'd finally got to see the bill it showed that we only had paid for one month total. it was a discounted rate but when I've paid out close to $1800 and only one month paid, you do the math. WHO'S POCKETING MY MONEY....... CON ARTISTS AND CONVICTS FOR GUESTS. DO NOT STAY HERE..... THANK YOU AGAIN FOR READING. .
Rating: 1
Text: I have been here a month waiting on boyfriend to come back so temp stay. But i had to move to a second room . shower knob wouldn't turn to hot so shower was cold.Called front desk and said nothing done said would fix never got done. Seond room on third floor stool leaked bad missing a ring called and told maintenance man looked and said would be back never came back been three weeks I have to lay towel behind to soak up water . Plug in by bed don't work told them when doing walk threw said would fix nothing had to buy extension cord to use for phone . 
Some people are nice and some dont care place needs a lot of cleaning up and management that knows how to run a hotel . I ask before coming here if pool was going to be open said yes this month and I ask it will never be opened so why lie about having a pool. 
They should hire maintenance and people that know what they are doing. I told them they are lucky my tools are in storage a use I would of fixed what is wrong in my room long time ago. But I need a place to stay quick and cheap and only temp no lease . 
Most of rooms are empty cause of plumbing problems or something in room. New carpet needs to be laid in all rooms and floors on third floor rooms needs aome serious work.
