Varsity Clubs of America- South Bend
Rating: 5
Text: The staff was very polite and helpful, they even arranged for a late check out for me at the last minute when my plans changed. The rooms are very comfortable and well taken care of and cleaned. The fitness center is well rounded with something for everyone. I didn't hear any noise from the hall or neighboring rooms and the beds are quite comfortable allowing for great sleep. I will definitely stay here again. 
Rating: 4
Text: I received a suite with a wet bar, 2 TV's, and a king bed at a discounted rate as the hotel was trying to sell the last room available. Accommodations were pleasant, I was pleased to find that the pillows were well stuffed, and slept very well. There is a 24 hour fitness center with an attached spa, which I plan to use during my stay. Also included is free guest laundry rooms, a pool, and what appears to be two outdoor grills in the courtyard. Breakfast is not necessarily included in the stay, although it was for me. If you do receive breakfast with your stay, the receptionist will hand you enough breakfast coupons for your stay. As far as the actual food went, it was pretty much the standard fare of cereal, waffles, fruit, fresh eggs and sausage, and to my surprise, slices of ham. To my dissatisfaction though, I didn't see any oatmeal,which is my staple breakfast. They also offer free 24 hour coffee with flavored cream. The staff were friendly, and I have no reason to complain. Overall, I was definitely happy with my stay, and would stay here again, given the opportunity.
Rating: 3
Text: Overall I thought it was pretty nice, but not close to as nice as it should be to justify the expensive cost of a room. The gym was very small and run down, and a lot of the furniture in my room looked pretty beaten up. In the positive end, a cot that they sent up to the room was extremely comfortable, and the central courtyard is a great place to socialize. The breakfast was nothing special.
Rating: 4
Text: Surprisingly nice rooms. Little dated on decor. Breakfast not so good.
Rating: 5
Text: This place was perfect for our stop over night! Staff was super nice and I can tell this is the place to be on game day! We look forward to coming back!
