Victorian Inn North Columbus
Rating: 4
Text: For a "Inn" was a great 2 night stay. The rooms are very spacious, clean and it smelled very clean. Also love the idea of the complimentary breakfast, even though it's not a big deal of food but very satisfieing. PRICES ARE VERY AFFORDABLE.  Beds are comfortable. Just needs update to modern society but just be careful when reserving  the room if your not sure,  you will NOT get your money back.
Rating: 2
Text: Good value and clean hotel but the beds are rock hard. From talking to the manager they have recently replaced all of the mattress. We were in room 116. The bed was so hard that my wife slept on the couch for our 3 night stay.
Rating: 5
Text: What a bargin! Our rooms(we had a little office area with ours) were clean, well maintained, and quite. The staff was friendly and a free breakfast!  Didn't get that at Denver Hilton at twice the price+.
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed one night at the Victorian Inn for a wedding. It was nice, the rooms were clean and everything was kept up. They were in the process of remodeling. The bed was comfy but showing its age. Everything was nice. The only thing was the free breakfast wasn't really there. They had nothing out. So we left and went somewhere else for breakfast. The staff was very friendly though.
Rating: 1
Text: The manager is very rude. They charged my debit card even though I did not stay at the hotel. I had tried to make a reservation about 6 weeks prior to my travel dates. I needed 2 rooms, with 2 beds each for 2 nights. After taking all of my information, they informed me that they only had a king bed available for the second night of my stay. I stated that wouldn't work for the number of people traveling with me. I told them I did not want to book the rooms and would call some other hotels. I booked at another hotel with no incident, and cancelled (without penalty) when our travel plans changed. When I contacted this hotel to dispute the charge (since I never booked the rooms), the manager would not listen to what I had to say. He repeatedly interrupted me stating that I did not show up, so the card was charged. I asked him several times to please listen to what I have to say, but his response was to continue to interrupt me and then set the phone down to conduct business. I can not rate the hotel on anything other than customer service since I never stayed, but I can say that I will not likely stay in the future due to the lack of manners on the the manager's part.
