Victorian Villa Inn
Rating: 4
Text: We stayed for one night in the Sherlock Holmes Bedchamber. The innkeeper was friendly and helpful, both in checking us in and telling us the history of the house. The grounds, the house, and the carriage house all are beautiful, and the guestrooms are all well furnished. The only problem we had with our visit was the number of insects we found. No bedbugs were found, thankfully, but we did find ants and a couple beetles crawling around. Given the age of the house, a few are to be expected. We did find a few already dead that should have been removed if the room was properly vacuumed. All told, we wouldn't let that minor issue stop us from returning for a romantic getaway in the future. If we have reason to return to the area, we wouldn't hesitate to stay again.
Rating: 5
Text: Beautiful home and grounds. Bathrooms need a bit of work, and so do the mirrors. Many many ant hills on the grass near the gazebo but the backdrop was gorgeous. Just a bit of work to get this place to a 5!
Rating: 5
Text: We , my fiancé and I, stayed at The Victorian Villa this past Spring.
We where there 3 nights and our experience was lovely.  The owners where very helpful, the accommodations where charmingly beautiful and the food ((at their cafe JUST down the road)) was delicious .. I HIGHLY recommend the quiche, although everything else looked as if it would be as delicious as the quiche was, which we had all three mornings.  
It was an unexpected delight and a treat to be able to prowl around The Villa some and see the other rooms.  The decor of the Villa is very period and the furnishings lovely.  We stayed in the Master Suite and I felt, literally, like royalty, as everything was so rich and plush.
I sincerely pray that our stay there was only the first of many to come over the years.
Would HIGHLY recommend!!
Rating: 5
Text: Great old school architecture, wonderful proprietor, great breakfast, but the grounds were somewhat overgrown.
Rating: 3
Text: The room was clean. House & Deco lovely. Helpful, friendly staff gave us a guided tour of the house. Not all amenities listed on the website were actually available, including no hot tub, no cable tv in the Art Nouveau Suite. We were not told till we arrived, so had packed movies & bathing suits. Very nice area, coffee shop breakfast was really nice. Looks like the Villa may be currently for sale.
