Wagon Wheel Campground
Rating: 1
Text: Never again...0 stars if possible. 
Some confusion while registering led to a $46 bill for an already rented bunkhouse. One simple remark, “that’s ridiculous” led the owner off on a meltdown of a tirade that shocked myself and my family. While not saying a word in response it went personal with a finger in my face then turning to my mother (the sweetest person in the world and who rented the bunkhouse originally) telling her she may not be allowed back ever again. I respectfully asked her not to punish my mother if she didn’t like my criticism and the woman called someone to escort me off the property. As it never needed to go to that extent I willingly left my family trip that I was long looking forward to as I have lived out of state for the last few years and haven’t gotten to spend any time with the family. On the way out I was still getting an earful of how I am never allowed back on the property. 

A thank you to the very kind and respectful lady working the desk who in the middle of the gestapo meltdown was able to produce the fastest refund ever to help me out the door. As for the owner, that is not how you treat people, let alone a paying customer. Your business is not something people can just go somewhere else on the spot when you choose to act like a fool. Families have planned and looked forward to their stay, sometimes driving from great distance such as myself (Cincinnati) and kicking someone off the property for saying something as simple as “that’s ridiculous” is well beyond ridiculous. 

Needless to say a weekend ruined for myself and a real thorn for my immediate family who stayed for the sake of the kids. There are other campgrounds out there people, find one who appreciates your business and isn’t so hostile.
Rating: 5
Text: This place is beautiful!  Do not listen to the individual who rated it a 1 and didn't even stay (ridiculous).  They offer quite a bit to do for kids and the owners and staff could not be nicer.
Rating: 1
Text: Didn't camp nor would I ever. A very rude woman answered the phone. I asked a simple question, she said no a hung up without saying bye or asked if i had another question. I did have a few but oh well. Too many campground to worry about that one.
Rating: 1
Text: Campground owners are rude and disrespectful.
