Wally World Riverside Resort
Rating: 3
Text: Facility new and nice, service team...nit so nice. 

Got passes after sitting through a timeshare presentation. Booked the ace asmd asked for river side site. They said they were fill. After getting to camp, we saw literally 10 spots opened and AGAIN asked for a river side site.  She said our reservations will overlap. I asked what days would overlap, she hesitated and said Friday late afternoon.  I said great we'd be leaving before 8 am on Friday...no conflict then.  So said, "mind if we grab one then?" She went in another room, called the manager and she came out saying he said no that is to have purchased a site at the presentation to get a river side site.  They wanted $15,000 for it, we weren't able to spend that so we had to decline it.
Rating: 5
Text: Very friendly staff. Lots of activities. Camp sites were nice sized. Need second dump station and more full service sites. Will definitely stay there again.
Rating: 5
Text: The staff is very friendly. We received at warm welcoming from everyone there. The environment was calm and relaxing. This was our first time there and enjoyed ourselves very much. Theresa was our guild, she has such a great personality. Funny, friendly, enthusiastic about her job. Can't wait to go back and see everyone again. 
Rating: 5
Text: What an awesome escape. We always felt safe, the other campers are so friendly, maintenance crew for grounds and facilities are always on top of things. These things always keep us wanting to come back. 
Rating: 1
Text: Would rate 0 stars if I could. This resort is a scam and the workers there are rude and condensending. Almost impossible to have a good time. DO NOT buy into their membership. Their sales pitches are lies and will say anything to get you to buy it. If you don't believe me ask more people at the campgrounds yourself and they will agree. We only camp there because we have the membership and regret ever getting it. They are all talk and only goal is to make money. It's sad when they could care less about their guests having a nice camping experience because it seems that's not the case for many people that camp there.
