Waterford Estates Lodge
Rating: 5
Text: Our family has stayed in many hotels and this is by far the BEST place we have ever stayed! The service was fabulous and everyone had contact with was so nice. My two year old was ecstatic when we came back and our beds were maid and her little stuffys were all nicely arranged on the pillows! We will be staying here from now on when we come in for our family reunion!
Rating: 3
Text: Super friendly staff. Accommodations are adequate but need updating. Lots of amenities on site. However, on-site restaurant is only open a few days during the week. Indoor pool and hot tub usually filled with kids while outdoor pool is a bit more quite. Hot Breakfast served daily. The only reason I didn't rate higher was housekeeping was very lax.
Rating: 2
Text: Getting this room for the rate we did with discounts made me think it was going to be a decent place. Decent could be a bit of a stretch. 
The location itself is misleading. There's a hotel in front of the location that looks nice, then there's a the Waterford with twelve different entrances. Of course the one by our room is closed. The room smells a bit odd, but hey, it's a hotel. There's mold on the AC, furniture is torn, along with the window shear. The bed feels like cardboard, and there's pink stains on the gold sash. The lamp closest to the door isnt plugged in, and there's not an outlet it can be safely plugged into near its location. The bathtub looks like it could use a good cleaning
The room is at a decent temperature and the receptionist seemed nice, so there's some things that are nice.
Rating: 5
Text: Waterford continues to earn my business. This was my 3rd stay at this location, and if I require a room in the area in the future I will return again. I love the convenience of the exterior door when traveling with the pups. John was extremely helpful in getting us into a room when we arrived long before the check-in time after an exhausting road trip. I highly recommend this hotel - particularly for those traveling with pets!
Rating: 3
Text: I think this place was a swinging good time back in the day.  It's a little dated and could use some tlc.   Priceline style purchase of rooms seems to be super inexpensive.  I've stayed here 3 or 4 times in the last few years.   The pub/restaurant is decent.  Staff is friendly.  Exercise room is weak.     Indoor pool and hot tub doesn't look bad.  Pretty clean.    For a cheap overnight in South Bend you could do wayyyy worse.
