Weaver Inn
Rating: 4
Text: Good coffee, good eats, great service, free Wi-Fi. Friendly faces, good people! Wheelchair accessible.
Rating: 5
Text: I have always experienced friendly and cheerful service. The waffles served there are the best.
Rating: 5
Text: Great place for coffee and pastry! Nice friendly people.
Rating: 1
Text: These people stood me up.  I had a reservation for Sunday, August 13, 2017 and knew that check-in started at 3 p.m., but nobody answered the phone or responded to my knocks on locked doors between 3-5 p.m.  I felt foolish peering through windows and leaving messages asking them to respond with a call to my cell phone.  I must have been lucky when I called to make the reserrvation earlier in the week, because a polite woman answered, sounded professional and on-the-ball.  Unfortunatley, these owners have no business acumen.  The answering machine uses a generic message to leave your contact information.  There is not a message that identifies the business, let alone gives an acknowledgement that they will return a call as soon as possible.  Nor, is there an alternate phone number given for a contingency check-in process.  So, duh, my message was me introducing myself by name, and stating I was outside the building trying to get someone's attention so I could enter.  The pictures depicting this place are definitely staged with a cheerful entry patio area.  What I witnessed was an inactive patio with several tables shoved against one wall creating a vacated look.  I was so disgusted I departed by 5:15 pm, but wish I would have taken pictures of the patio to share with you.  The awful acceptance that I would need to drive back home was - well - awful knowing that the day had already been long, driving to Mansfield from the St Louis county area and visiting the Laura Ingalls Wilder Home and Museum.  But, the aggrevation doesn't end here.  While driving, "Connie" called with a glib apology that she had had a long day going to church and attending a meeting and had forgotten to leave a note on the door, or to ask her husband to leave a note on the door.  Then she blurted out that she had her cell phone with her, but has never figured out how to have calls from the B&B forwarded to her phone.  I'm sorry, but I'm the consumerr in this story and the Weaver Inn's failure to manage phone calls should not be my problem.  Want to run a business?  Then, take proactive steps to learn and master these procedures. Connie also told me Sunday and Monday are ususally very slow and not the best times to visit.  NOTE TO MANSFIELD CHAMBER OF COMMERCE:  Do you want your vendors, shopkeepers and business owners to say this to out-of-town visitors?   Weaver Inn must be a hobby and not a fulltime business, profiting from the major festival weekends when business is effortless.  Perhaps the high-scored reviews are legitimate, but I am compelled to post my reality.  IF you are adventurous and want to use this inn, I caution that you must assume the role of proprietor and ask, to ensure someone will be present duing check-in and that a contingency plan is in place in case they are busy and forget to staff a check-in clerk, or uphold the commitment to do the check-in themselves.   
A huge thank-you to the two women working at Nellie's Ice Cream Shoppe.  I appreciate your patience and help.  AND, a mondo thank-you to the mayor's wife, who by coincidence entered the ice cream shop and graciously offered to help, by contacting her husband and asking him to try and contact the Weaver Inn owners.  He quickly responded and reported back that nobody was answering the phone for him either.  Honestly, following through on a simple road trip and short stay in a quaint community should not be this difficult.  But, I experrienced a sparkly part of Mansfield township with this help.
My review is a single star to get this on the radar screen and I say "proceed with caution" if you want to use this place.
Sincerely,
The forgotten customer
Rating: 5
Text: Nice yet it is small and there is help your self and prices are to high
