Wesley Inn
Rating: 4
Text: I had an extended stay at the Wesley Inn and had a great experience. The staff is extremely friendly and made my stay here the best it could have possibly been! they made Wichita feel like my second home and always offered help. The rooms were always clean and well kept with new towels  or sheets whenever we needed them. Overall, this is a nice hotel with great workers that make the stay even better. 

* the only down side is that the keys would sometimes deactivate and we would have to go to the front desk to have them reprogrammed,  but if that's the biggest problem then I think we are in luck.
Rating: 3
Text: I stayed here as a last minute place to sleep on a road trip after comparing reviews for other hotels. This looked like the best deal. The amenities were great (microwave, mini fridge, hair dryer in all rooms). However, there was a distinct "damp" smell in the whole hotel. While checking in, I experienced less than ideal customer service at the front desk 
Rating: 3
Text: You get what you pay for. The price for a single night was relatively cheap, but the hotel was dated and the rooms bare bones. The hotel was very dark, with most corridors either missing light bulbs or that must've burned out. The room smelled extremely damp and I expected the sheets to be wet (they weren't). The bed was fairly uncomfortable and the continental breakfast was a limited variety.
Rating: 4
Text: Clean rooms. Breakfast is so-so. Room key consistently doesn't work and had to be reprogrammed. Handy with family in Wesly Hospital.
Rating: 1
Text: Our family is currently staying at the Wesley Inn on 3343 E. Central Wichita, KS 67208. 06-13-17 around 9:20am I walked downstairs to add another night to our room. There was a lady at the front desk by the name of Brenda she was on her cell phone. I excuse myself and asked her if I could please add another night and she gave me a very rude look as if I had interrupted her conversation. She told the person on the phone to "hold up for a minute". She then went ahead and swiped my cards. While she was swiping my card I asked her if I could please have a a bowl of cereal and some milk for my daughter since I was late 20 minutes pass the breakfast time I thought it would not be a problem. Her respond was "I don't know ask that lady" I was not very sure who she was talking about all I saw was her (Brenda) and a housekeeper behind her cleaning. Brenda was still on her CELL phone and I had to interrupt her again and asked if she could get me someone who could help me because she was obviously too busy on her CELL phone. She then responded "It's none of your business who I am on the phone with" I told her I knew it was not of my business but to just get me someone who could help me and she RUDELY yelled at me ("Her!") and pointed to the housekeeper. I then kindly asked the housekeeper if I could have some cereal and some milk and she allowed me to have some. I then walked up to Brenda and she was still on her cell phone and told her that I really hoped there was cameras to affirm my MY HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE AT YOUR HOTEL. She responded me that there was no one that would help me. I really hope that this complaint gets to someone who is going to take of this problem. It is not fair to have been treated that way from an employee that is supposed to represent your company. It is needless to say that people in the customer service business should not be on their cell phones. I am not sure if your company provides Iphones to people on the front desk but It is safe to say that she was on a personal call from the way she was talking. I am very disappointed, my family just arrived to Kansas about 4 day ago through a Military move and we chose your hotel to stay while we find a home.  I really hope that NO ONE GOES THROUGH THIS TYPE OF RUDE SERVICE. CUSTOMERS DO NOT DESERVE TO BE TREAT IT WITH DISRESPECT. PS. I also understand that your breakfast times are until 9:00am but if Ms.Brenda had paid attention to me and SIMPLY told me that it was not possible I would have understood. It should had not gotten as far as it did.
