West Park Plaza
Rating: 5
Text: After being offered a fantastic job by a local company who reached out all the way to Kansas City my home for many years I spent a long day looking at many homes all around Grand Island and surrounding areas and was very unimpressed by what I had seen older homes not updated and over priced.  I came to my last appointment of the day and met with Ken the property manager here.  I had prior to now never considered a manufactured home or a mobile home community.  Ken was welcoming and so helpful.  I was shown several different units and floor plans when he showed me the one.  The floor plan was perfect open modern and like something off HGTV.  It's a unit only a few year's old in perfect condition as if no one lived in this unit before me.  The unit is a 3 bed  bath (with huge master suite and tub large enough to swim laps in) plus full walk in shower a laundry room large front deck.  All day long I had dealt with old run down homes more than this brand new home with all the finishes  backsplash floors all of it matching everything perfect.  I drove thru the community to see the "neighbors".  I signed the lease immediately.  I am on a quiet street tucked between 2 long term residents neat and clean neighbors with well kept yards tidy decks and so quiet even with their young children.  I have 2 beautiful mature trees parking for 3 vehicles a secure storm shelter right behind my house. Plus a wonderful dedicated and sensitive community manager who immediately responds.  This was one of the easiest and straightforward places I have ever leased.  Ken even called and had the utilities all set up for me.  I had a spare bedroom door that wouldn't close because it had had something happen to the hinges and maintenance was out quickly fixed it professionally and while I was at work.  I can't say enough good things.  If you want to live in Grand Island then you have to come see Ken.  You will not regret it plus you will be in a nice community that is well kept and quiet.  The only thing that will make me move would be for employment or I decide to build a home here if I find the right water front property.  If you want to know more feel free to hit me up on Facebook anytime.  ONE VERY HAPPY AND SATISFIED NEW RESIDENT WHO HAS FELT EXTREMELY WELCOMED BY MY NEIGHBORS AND THE CITY OF GRAND ISLAND!!!!!
Rating: 3
Text: Nice looking, poorly made. Maintenance crew are rude.
Rating: 4
Text: It's a nice place
Rating: 4
Text: It is a nice place to live
Rating: 3
Text: It's ok....not the cleanest and drug problem there.  
