Westview Bed & Breakfast
Rating: 5
Text: Delightful! The grounds are beautiful, with an expansive front lawn that looks out over the surrounding countryside. We stayed in the Prairie Nook room. The decor is a cozy hodgepodge of antique and rustic. The room was spotless and full of complimentary snacks, including a mini fridge with sodas, water, and juices, plus a cabinet full of plates and cutlery both disposable and non. The two-person jacuzzi tub in the attached bathroom was perhaps my favorite feature. Our breakfast in the morning was amazing! Angela took great care of us while still giving us plenty of privacy. We will definitely be back again.
Rating: 2
Text: Our granddaughter booked this venue for an outdoor wedding months if not a year ago. I'm not privy to the exact situation but when we pulled up to the b and b we were appalled at the condition of the yard. Weeds every where. A cute little sitting place at the driveway entrance was buried in weeds and trees. Not a great sight for an outdoor wedding. My granddaughter mowed and raked an area so the chairs could be put out. The windrows of grass shows the field had not been mowed for awhile. The inside looked very welcoming but we didn't stay there. Again, there may have been extenuating circumstances,  but this was booked at least a year in advance. It should have been pristine.
Rating: 4
Text: Absolutely charming B&B.  The history of the building is fascinating (was at first a "poor farm").  The owners have done a tremendous amount of work updating it.  The single best word to describe it is "comfortable", which is about the highest praise I give to a B&B.  BUT - if you book online through a 3rd party site, check in with them.  There were some hiccups (that the staff rectified as soon as they could) while I was there.  This is the only reason I give them 4 stars.  If they fix this, they are a solid 5-star.
Rating: 5
Text: We stay at West View whenever we feel the need to be pampered and get away. Beautiful place with interesting history. The breakfast is amazing! We especially love the whirlpool tub and all the treats placed in the rooms. Very quiet and Jim is an excellent host. Would highly recommend this to anyone needing to just completely relax. We've stayed at others around the country and this is by far the best in the Midwest.
Rating: 5
Text: Super cozy room and home!  Jim was so kind and welcoming!  He opened his home to us late at night when we arrived, and made us a delicious breakfast and sent us on our way early in the morning. Thank you so much for your love and care!  
