Western Inn South Kearney
Rating: 4
Text: This place isn't bad for the price, but could be a little nicer/cleaner. It appears they've started updating it a bit but still could use some more work (the pool was also closed for maintenance). The bed was older, stiff and felt super cheap. The AC ran great, got the room cooled down quickly. The mini fridge and microwave also worked good. Best thing is the non-smoking room we got actually didn't smell of smoke or the horrible cover-up spray hotels love to use!
Rating: 1
Text: BED BUGS! BED BUGS! BED BUGS!

Do not stay here. This place offers the old bate and switch deal. This hotel claimed it was non smoking and the room reaked like cigarettes. How can you over charge for the room and expect me to sleep with bed bugs. I left and went to motel 6. SHOCKER!
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel staff is decently friendly and the beds are actually comfortable. NO BED BUGS HERE. Rooms are very large as well, good for if you need to stop while traveling. Seems like an ok area, mostly people traveling in the rooms rather than long time people that may break into your car.
Rating: 1
Text: My two kids and I stayed here for one night in this motel and were VERY disappointed. The pool was so foggy from too much chlorine, that you couldn't see the bottom of the pool, and when we asked them to turn on the lights in the pool area, they only turned on 2 out of 8 lights, even though it was 9:00 at night and getting dark in the pool area.  The motel had a weird layout and you actually have two doors into your room. One door from the outside and one door that leads inside down a long hallway in the hotel. You aren't guaranteed a parking spot in front of your room either. Other guests were parked in our spot in front of our room and the manager just said to "park anywhere, it doesn't matter". I would have liked to be able to park closer to my room so I could keep a better watch on our vehicle. There are no toiletries except for two tiny bars of soap. no shampoo/conditioner and the towels are tiny. NO WATER OFFERED IN THIS MOTEL AT ALL! Not even from the two pop machines located inside. After her shower, my daughter walked around the motel room and I noticed the bottom of her feet were black after only a few minutes. The floors need shampooed! When I turned on the shower, the water was brown for a few minutes like it hasn't been ran in a long time. The TV also didn't work, front desk had to come down and flip a "dummy light switch" on the wall to get it to turn on. But one of the WORST things about this motel is that the "FREE CONTINENTAL BREAKFAST" they advertise is a joke! They had a waffle maker, dry cereal and a mini fridge filled with only butter. NO waffle batter, NO milk and NO bowls, plates, silverware or any fruit or muffins. This is NOT a breakfast. Needless to say, we will not be returning. Pay a little extra and stay somewhere safer, cleaner and more relaxing!
Rating: 1
Text: Took about 15+ minutes before anyone came to the front desk to wait on another couple and me. Looked clean but was gross! They had an air freshener wide open when we walked in our room. The carpet stuck to ones feet, the furniture was stained and sticky. The continental breakfast was kind of a joke as batter for waffles was to be in the freezer compartment and their was no freezer. No wonder their waffle maker loojed so clean, probably had never been used. Cereal containers looked dirty.
