Westwood Park
Rating: 5
Text: Great place to camp, mountain bike, fish and enjoy the outdoors with your family.  Park is always clean and we'll kept.  I love riding here on the 10 mile loop around the lake, camping with my family or bringing our Scout Troop here for an outing.
Rating: 1
Text: What a joke of a place...been going here my entire life and we decided to go camping here for the weekend and take the kids, we had 1 tent for my husband and I, 2 kids tents for the kids. The kids tents were small 1 person tent and we were told we could not have no more than 1 tent on our property and I said these are kids tents and they said it doesn't matter, than we find out that we can't fish after 10pm. Wth???? Since when are you not aloud to night fish when your camping..... that's kinda the whole point to camp and fish. Also if your child is under 21 they have to be accompanied by an adult even to the bathroom....wow.....never will be back here again!!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: Sites were nice and every site has water and electric. Now for the bad. It was really hot when we stayed so my son and I drove to Walmart at 11:30pm to get a fan. When we got back to the front gate the guy didn't want to let us in because I didn't have my car pass. I had left it back at camp. I offered him my ID and too look up the fact I was registered. He responded that I should send my son to walk the mile back to our site to get the pass and then walk a mile back before he would let me in. I ended up just pulling away without permission and drove to camp n brought back the permit. Spoke with the manager and he gave me a hard time about it as well. Nice campground but I know I will never stay there again due to the terrible customer service.
Rating: 4
Text: Not too busy. Good 10mi single-track mountain bike trail around the lake.
Rating: 2
Text: Used to love camping there but they are taking away senior discount and not allowing golf carts. Making it hard on older people. Looking for somewhere else to go.
