Whistle Stop RV and Antiques
Rating: 5
Text: This is a campground in Colby Kansas right off I-70. Extremely friendly. Across street. Is Walmart. If u don't want to drive walk, they have bicycle. Clean and tons HOT WATER for shower. Also small antique shop.
. Good for overnight break from driving. Charged $35.00. Handicap access.
Rating: 2
Text: OK place, however the woman on the phone was seriously confused, and the "reservation" process took 3 times longer than it should have. I called on a Wed. for Friday night, and she kept on talking about me arriving "tomorrow". Then she said I could take any space, Nos. 37-41. I wanted to be sure I had a spot, so I asked for 38. Well I get there and 38 is taken. Fortunately 37 was open (their "office", such as it is, is only open till 6, and I arrived at 6:45 pm). Then, their power was only 220V. I have a small camper, and needed to plug into a 110V outlet. The people next to me were never given the wifi password or the code to the shower/restrooms. If you do have to stop here, be sure to get the code in advance. Also, there were only a handful of picnic tables, and no fire rings. Quite the bare bones place, and way to expensive at $35/night for basically just a parking space and a shower.
Rating: 3
Text: No staff on site.  Grounds are very rough.  But, full hookups and good wifi balance.  Bathhouse and laundry are ok.  And, priced right!
Rating: 3
Text: It's a place to stop for the night. Nothing overly special. There are full hookup sites but not all sites have 50 amp. 

Couldn't get the code for the shower house. Tried to call but no answer and no reply to my voicemail.
Rating: 1
Text: Not very nice management. I pulled in at 9 am for a water fill-up. No one was in the office as they don't open until 1 pm.  There were no instructions for dumping or water fill-up, so I got an envelope and left $10 and put water fill-up on front. This is twice what I normally pay so I thought it would be ok. When filling up with water, the owner or manager came by and was upset that we were filling with water and had not stayed the night. I told him I left $10 and he responded that they don't do water fill-ups. I apologized offered to pay for the night but he was more set on being angry than accepting my $35 offer. Very unpleasant experience. Does not appear to be a "full service" RV park.  Go to the next town.
