Whispering Hills RV Park
Rating: 5
Text: This is our go to half way stop between our home and trips to the southeast. The facilities are very well maintained and they keep improving/adding features. They have the best bathrooms and laundry area. The staff is always great, too! The sites are tight but there is enough room for bigger rigs. One of the best RV parks we have stayed at - not just a parking lot.The only thing that would make it even better for us is if they added a fenced-in dog area by the playground.
Rating: 5
Text: This is a very nice place we will be back whenever we visit the area!  Very nice people run it.  Nicest shower houses we have come across and individual.  Were you able to get a spot next to the pond made for a very nice fire pit and moon light.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice place for an overnight stop. The abundant Staff was very helpful.  A very clean property : quiet. Bathrooms are the best I've seen with individual toilet / shower suites.  The Pool was closed,  but looked great.  We were just passing through with our 30' travel trailer.  The ONLY downside to the property is that the trailers are packed in pretty tightly.   An escort shows you to your site and actually took our gas tanks to refill for us. Ww will use it again as a stop over
Rating: 3
Text: Close camping quarters, but acceptable. Pet friendly with lots of walking areas, but no K9 corral. There is a fishing pond, but no corridor to get there so you have to walk across another camp site. Bring plenty of sewer hose length and platforms for leveling. Staff understanding and helpful. Lots of rules. Pull through sites do not have fire rings and some are gravel only. No adult trees so very warm on a sunny day. Close to many services and a Camping World store. Doggie daycare 3 miles away.
Rating: 1
Text: Specifically asked if they could accommodate 70' set up, asked if they're equipped to handle charging electric vehicle at our RV site. They said YES to both, so we made reservations and showed up to a shorter site than promised and we hung over on each end. That made for some nervous moments when vehicles drive by mere inches away. Offered to unhook trailer and put it in storage so we would at least be off the traffic lanes, but no one contacted us to tell us when/where they wanted our car hauler. Charging our vehicle was also a pain. Owner and her husband were rude.  All of that aside, road to the place is very narrow with blind hills and a low underpass. Nestled between the interstate and railroad tracks and filled with many year-round residents in loud diesel trucks leaving for work at pre-dawn hours made this place a hard NO for future visits to KY.
