White Oaks Cabins
Rating: 4
Text: Needed to get away and take a breath. Karma was definitely with me when I had the good fortune to stumble onto White Oaks Cabins. Arrived on Friday afternoon and the only negative part of our stay was having to leave on Sunday. Too much land and trails to explore in two days. Beautiful and secluded setting and accommodations. The host and owner, Bob, was as gracious and welcoming in person as he was on the phone. If I had to some up him in one word it would be genuine although one word would never do him justice. I'll look forward to my next stay and hopefully be able to devote more time. Although the cabins are secluded, you're less than 15 minutes from a grocery and fine dining and about 30 minutes from the French Lick casino and shopping. The best of all worlds. Thanks Bob
Rating: 5
Text: Hi Bob,
Just a short note to thank you for a wonderful week. Your cabin, the Brigadoon, was outstanding! Besides its natural, relaxing setting, the jacuzzi was refreshing not only to the body but also to the mind and spirit. In fact, my friend and I enjoyed strolling around the grounds and laughed over the Brooklyn Bridge without any complaining about stress or the aches and pains we had arrived with! Thanks again for creating such a tranquil place to regroup, recoop and travel home feeling renewed. See you next year.
Jane Stanko
Rating: 5
Text: My husband & I just spent the weekend there to celebrate our anniversary.  First off, Bob the proprietor is amazing. Just as friendly as he can be & so hospitable. He made sure we had everything we needed & was always available for tips & advice on nearby attractions, restaurants & such. His upbeat personality is quite infectious! Lol My husband & I enjoyed his passionate tales.  Not to mention every piece of the grounds has its own story & meaning which is close to his heart. 
We stayed in the "Cottage Of Cuddling" cabin. Small & quaint with antique accents. Has everything ya need. The kitchen is stocked with everything ya need minus a microwave. We didn't mind though. We just cooked on the stove. The screened in porch with the swing was lovely & an added bonus was definitely the hot tub & our own fire pit. 
The grounds are great as well. There are walking trails that lead to a beautiful medow, a pond to fish in, a petting zoo & a playground for kids.You are smack dab in the middle of nature.  It's so peaceful. 
We spent the weekend relaxing & reconnecting.  It was fabulous.  We will definitely be back! 

WARNING: If you can't live without WiFi this is not the place for you. Being technology free made our weekend, I suggest you give it a try. I bet ya don't regret it!
Ashley
Rating: 5
Text: This was the second time that my wife and I visited here. Just like the first time, a great stay and an amazing break from "reality". First we were welcome by the resident greeter, tour guide and companion "Big Red" (the dog) and welcomed with open arms by Bob. He made us feel so welcome. Great paths to hike to enjoy the beauty of nature, and again, unwind. We will definitely be coming back again next year, and probably annually from here on out. Thanks Bob!
Rating: 5
Text: My husband and I, at times alone, or with our kids & extended family have spent a weekend at White Oaks several times over the last 15 years. We have always loved the isolated setting of the cabins. They are without the distractions of television, well-constructed by Amish carpenters, very comfortable, and a wonderful place to "retreat," in my opinion. We have happily stayed in several of the cabins on the site; the only one I wouldn't return to is the oldest, historic one, which is nice for a rustic cabin by most standards, but too full of mice and local wildlife to be truly comfortable for me.

A destination is something different to everyone, depending on their expectations. White Oaks is a true retreat, and not meant to be a resort. Bob has always been hospitable when on property for our stays there. If you want the quiet of nature, in a simple and comfortable setting, then you will be pleased. The drive to the property has some homesteads that are less than well-cared for, but this should not reflect on what you can achieve in rest & quiet upon reaching your destination, and is no relfection on White Oaks itself, or the beauty of the forest around it.
