Wigwam Village Inn #2
Rating: 3
Text: This iconic American travel stop is old and shows it. The owners don't seem to care about little things like a ceiling fan with no blades or a sink that drips non stop or a bathroom vent fan that's covered with muck. However with all that said, the beds weren't bad, the room was tidy (minus the bathroom vent fan) and the sheets were perfectly clean. It had great air conditioning and awesome water pressure as well as plenty of hot water. The gift shop was never open though and the price for a two double bed room seemed ridiculously high for what we got. Pleased I could stay at this iconic travel stop one last time (because now that I've done it I won't again) before they're gone.
Rating: 4
Text: The Wigwam Motel is Tremendous! Our room was cozy and clean, and a small heater worked great considering the chilly night.The exterior is solid concrete keeping it well insulated. Also, the water pressure was Incredible! The site opened in 1937 and most everything is original!
Rating: 5
Text: Talk about a place to stay that is historic and unique and certainly memorable! Not a throwback to the 1940s and 50s, but the actual thing! Staying here with family, especially grandchildren, was an absolute novelty. You don't come here for the comfort of a classy hotel, but come here for the novelty and fun of staying in a place it reminds one of the days of road trips in the 1960s.

If you were anywhere near Mammoth Cave or just coming through Kentucky, this is a fun and unique place to stay! Go for it!

There is a playground equipment for the kids, barbecue grill and a meeting place.
Rating: 5
Text: We come to the wigwam village every year and love it here. There are only 15 units and it's fun to sleep in teepees as well as enjoying fellowship with friends and family around the campfire. Its also conveniently located near many shops and tourist attractions such as Kentucky Down Under and Dinosaur world. You won't regret your decision to check out the wigwam village!
Rating: 1
Text: Sketchy....We had planned to stay here but that didn't happen. Manager wouldn't let us see 1 of the rooms unless we paid in full. If I pd in full and didn't like the room, no no no money back. On the phone he said 3ppl would fit fine with a cot. When we arrived he told us the cot would be too small for my 5'4" daughter. Needless to say, we left and had the best stay at Jesse James Cabins. We will not revisit nor recommend Wigwam. Hope this helps.
