Wildwood Inn
Rating: 1
Text: I would not recommend this hotel. My wife and I came to the area for our honeymoon. I paid for two nights. We had to go to the front desk half a dozen times because of problems with the rooms. Some of the walls have poor patch jobs, some of the lights had rust, the floor was uneven. The worst part is we got up the next morning to get ready and the hot water didn’t even work so we couldn’t take a shower. The only good part was the hot tub and the half way comfortable bed. I almost forgot to mention we got locked out of our hotel room. Neither of the keys would work. We informed the lady at the front desk. She reprogrammed our keys and still didn’t work. Somehow the maintenance guys key worked and managed to let us in our room. He fixed the door shortly. At the end of the day the manager agreed to refund us our money for the second night. We’re currently waiting to see if they’re is anything to they can do for this first night.
Rating: 4
Text: Good customer service, friendly staff and clean room. If you don’t require “new” this is a great spot for R&R. Older motel with a very cool pool, baby pool, hot tub and recreational area including picnic tables, pool tables, air hockey table and video games. They do not allow “parties” but makes for a good stop over, get away or gathering point. For the $$ will be hard pressed to find a match in the area.
Rating: 4
Text: The rooms were clean. Beds were comfortable. Nice and cold in the rooms, which I like. The pool was perfect. The decor the kids loved. They have a kiddie pool, a nice hot tub area and game room for the family. There is continental breakfast as well. Overall we very much enjoyed our stay here! Recommends and well priced!
Rating: 2
Text: Save your money, and go to any of the other hotels in Florence. My husband and I only come here when we're feeling nostalgic, because this is where we stayed 15 years ago for his birthday. This time we were in a "Safari" room, which is a hut with a window air conditioning unit. Let me outline all of the reasons it's not worth the stay.

1.) There appears to be little or no upkeep to the buildings. There are patches and painting that look like it was done by a blind person. There's rot on the ceiling over the shower. The baseboards are rotting. The tile is chipped and cracked. Cosmetically, it's a mess. There are burn holes in the bedding. I could go on and on.

2.) The amenities are garbage. If you just got rid of the coffee stuff, maybe you could afford shampoo AND conditioner. Not to mention the coffee packets Look like they were wet and were dried off. It's just nasty. We'll be going out to buy our own stuff later today.

3.) The decorations are disturbing. There's a buffalo head in our room that appears to be rotting, and the skins on the wall look like they were killed before I was born, and I'm 34! The bed is noisy and uncomfortable, and there isn't a single surface that is flat in the entire room, so sitting things down is precarious...to say the least. The TV is not even positioned to where you can watch it from the bed. 

But you know what? I could almost overlook ALL of that if it weren't for the fact that housekeeping didn't even bother to clean the shower! There was some kind of purple splashed substance in the shower. We still have two days here, and I would rather enjoy our anniversary AT HOME!!! I'm not used to living in such conditions. I live in a clean, well-kept home, because I keep it that way. Next time, we'll just make the two hour drive to the Sybaris.
Rating: 5
Text: Amazing pool area. Great staff. Very friendly. Really clean rooms as well. Loved the ambiance of the pool room. Wasnt super bright. Def. Worth 80$. Will come again.
