Williamsburg Manor Manufactured Housing
Rating: 4
Text: Nice place to live, hard to travel down our own roads though in the winter, plowing isn't done so well by the maintenance staff.
Rating: 1
Text: TERRIBLE. Please for your own benefit stay away. Rent is not worth what you get and the neighborhood sucks. The maintenance is terrible and the management acts very nice to your face but beware if you're not one of her pill-popping buddies then you will be watched and judged by them. As well as the other HONEST reviews say, i too wish i could give it negative stars. Terrible.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice community.  Very well maintained.  And added bonus of watching the airport nearby and close to shopping and dining.  Highly recommend Williamsburg Manor.
Rating: 1
Text: Williamsburg Manor is a terrible place, and I would NOT recommend it to anyone. Maintenance doesn't respond to request, hell just the fact that they are paying for good reviews should be enough. People have a hard time minding their own business, and the same people (not naming names) are in cahoots with the park management. If they don't like you, they will lie about you, follow you to see where you go, who you're with, and do everything in their power to get you kicked out. There are two families in perticular that watch and report everything, and one of them has a few trailers all on one street. Don't believe the good reviews that people are being rewarded for, almost everyone who has been here for more then a few months is dying to get out. Again, I wouldn't reccomend this place to anyone, and I would give it a negative rating if possible.
Rating: 1
Text: Been here for 10 years. all these positive reviews are because the owner sent out an email telling everyone that if they turned in a review they would get a "reward". little did they know that it is a $10 walmart gift card. pretty bad when you have to pay the residents to get positive reviews. after they read this i'm sure i'll get even less response for any  maintenance requests. if you want the truth please come see me in person........ wish i could give negative stars................. why am i still here you ask... it is part of my pay package, once i retire , i will be out within HOURS!
