Willow Creek Recreation Area
Rating: 5
Text: One of our Favorite Places to Camp. Quiet atmosphere. Great places to walk and ride bikes. Clean showers and restrooms. Friendly Parks Staff. Well patrolled.
Rating: 4
Text: Beautiful recreation area. We went for family camping. Great place to ride bicycles. Kids enjoyed fishing at the dock. Updated playground for the kids. Well maintained grounds.
Rating: 4
Text: Lots of room camps 1-14. There was one shower house between 3 camp groups. The lower number campground did not have a restroom or shower house. Lots of mature trees. Lots of access to the lake which provides lots of lake fun. No office available.
Rating: 1
Text: We pulled in and found a site with the card flipped up stating it was open got set up then discovered no water on sites.   Pulled out to get water pulled back in set up camper.   The ranger stopped by I walked out to ask him how much is camping he was very rude.   He says to me you didn't reserve this site? I said now it was flipped up as open.   He says you must not camp much this site is reserved.   I said excuse me but the card was flipped up as open.  He says can't you see that tag with dates on it? I said all I see is a white piece of paper with two numbers but who knows what that is.  He then well that is dates it is reserved.  I ask him how are we supposed to know that? He said well you don't camp much.   I said never mind we are packing up and never coming back and leave me alone. He drove off then come back and apologized and wanted me to stay at a different spot.  I tenitively agreed was not happy.   The next day even following the rules about hanging tags on the post the way the rules say to the next ranger ripped me for hanging one tag on top of the other.   I told him we are pulling out and never coming back.   So sad it seems like a good spot but the rangers are rude.    Not to mention there is no dump they want you to go to town and dump at the court house.   Crazy!!!!    Don't waste your time going here.
Rating: 3
Text: Good place for camping although the fishing isn't great. There is no drinking allowed at this state recreation area and rules are enforced so be careful. Also a good place for boating as it's not a 5mph-no-wake lake.
