Windermere Conference Center
Rating: 5
Text: I went there once and it was AMAZING! I loved the cabins, the food was great, and the view was very incredible! Looking forward coming back again soon!
Rating: 1
Text: Glenn Ericksen
 May 5, 2017
I was a full time volunteer at this camp for about 15 months. I loved being there and I loved taking care of the plants. But everything changed on a dime on September 17-18th, 2016. That is the weekend that I saw many strange vehicles in the camp and I saw some staff members acting "suspiciously". I felt I had to call the Camp President to let him know. I told him that I suspected that __ugs were coming through the camp. He told me had heard rumor of drugs coming through the camp. Just 2 days later (Tuesday afternoon, September 20th,2016) I went in to the dining room to cool off and get a drink. I sat down in the dark corner. No sooner had I sat down. Two men wearing red polo shirts entered the dining room. They were there supposedly to work on the phone lines. The one man (bald, very muscular, age 50-63) entered the back kitchen to see if they were alone. The other smaller man proceeded to shine his flashlight around the dining room to see if they were alone. He started walking towards me. I had gone under the dining room table at this point. Once they thought that they were alone they then started to talk really bad. I knew that these men were not phone repairmen....but rather hit men. I knew that they were there for me. I heard certain words like "murder....and "move body......jeep". I was supposed to be a "disappearence". But you see, God did a great miracle for He allowed me to be in just the right place at just the right time to overhear these murderous men rehearse their evil plans. They even laughed about what they were about to do as they went out the side door of the dining room (by the dish room). These men knew their way around that Windermere dining room and I could tell that they had been here many times before. God did a miracle and delivered me just like Daniel from the Lion's Den. I wrote a 5 star review for Windermere a year or so ago........but now I know. I have tried to get the Camden County Sheriff's Department to investigate. When I called a month ago......they had not done anything. They did not even know who I was.......and I sent 8 important e-mails to Deputy Tom Kitchen on September 22nd, 2016. For the safety of you and your family, I would not recommend going to this camp at this time. The security at this camp is poor. There are no security cameras anywhere. Strange vehicles enter and leave this camp often. Not the place to go....especially when the police do not investigate talk. I am praying for big changes at this camp. God can do it!
Rating: 1
Text: My family and I stayed at Windermere last month and were disappointed in the state of the facility. I grew up visiting Windermere at least every other year but sometimes several times a year. We recently tried to reserve a cabin (admittedly, last minute) but they were booked so they recommended an apartment. The apartment did not have a lake view but cost more. I don't know what the cabins look like inside but the apartment had many maintenance issues. I left a list of issues with the desk when we checked out and filled out an email survey. I didn't receive any response to either. I could only theorize that the apartment is more often used for staff but in that case don't rent it out if it is not up to standards.

We also tried the cave and minigolf both of which need some maintenance. The cave is a cave so it is what it is but the minigolf is in terrible shape and should not be advertised as usable.
Rating: 1
Text: I recently went to this camp, when i got there the didnt have me registration, the cabins were freezing cold, the cabins were discusting, the beds were plasitc and spring, the food is really gross, the cabin leaders are punk teenagers who think they controll the Earth. And when i went there the two teens that were in out cabins, theyre called "cabin leaders" but i was the same age as them and i had to listen to them, they locked me and several of my friends out of the cabin for several hours and then they turned around and lied about it, so if your thinking about going to this camp, dont waste the money, it was one of the worst experiences of my life...and i wasnt even supposed to be there, they got it mixed up where i was in the childerens camp, when i was supposed to be in the camp for 13-17
Rating: 4
Text: I love how quite and secluded this place was. What a beautiful way to be in nature with God. Can't wait to go back!
