Windy Hollow Campground
Rating: 5
Text:   I love the owners. They are always so nice. Love staying here.
Rating: 1
Text: JUST SAY NO!!!! Need option of no stars on google.
WINDY HOLLOW CAMPGROUND
Location is outside of owensboro kentucky.
Off Highway 81. 
5141 Windy Hollow Rd
Owensboro, KY 42301.
This resort is absolutely the worst that a person could go to with their family and camper. Please warn anyone you know to never go camping there. 
The owners there are rude, they will charge you a higher price than what's on there website, not to mention it depends on how much they want to charge you when you show up.  Everyone is not charged the same.  It doesn't matter if you got 30 amp or 50 amp. I was charge $50 a day with 30 amp for 2 people for 3 days total $150, while someone else camping with us with 30 amp with 4 people he was charged $160 for 3 days. She charges $10 for each additional person per day when over 2 in the party.  The owners math that they use is something that they have themselves developed and other people do not use. You are not allowed to put you mat out they tell you it may kill their grass. Put mat only on gravel which there is not any spots with gravel. They pick up twigs and wood around camp ground then wants to charge you for that same firewood. 
Oh did I mention that having a fire will cost you extra also. 
So if this is not enough there is more. Went to empty grey tank and guess what?  Overflowing. We informed owners who said yes there overloaded over on that side. There was only 2 campers on full hookup. We were told after by owners after paying  $50 a day to Just go use the bathhouse. Are you kidding me.? Final day went to dump station. Dumped tanks went to rinse and pad lock on hydrant, that way if you need to rinse she will charge you again to dump. 
Thank God we don't live that far away so we were able to just come home and rinse with our tote. Others were not so fortunate.
You may ask why I stayed. We were camping with family and these owners will refuse to give you any refund. 
Would not give my sister a refund on a seasonal spot when she was just there 2 weeks. So the owners told her they will keep her $1,300 so she would be forced to stay.
My sister is a veteran so this behavior by these owners are inexcusable.
We informed the owners that I was going to post this review on all my social media outlets and pages to give the owners a chance to correct these problems. 
They however could care less. These owners only care about the green they can get from you. Oh also it's check our cash nothing else accepted. You will regret if you ever pull into this camp ground. I try to make sure to help anyone from making the same mistake that we did. We have another campground around Owensboro Kentucky called Diamond Lake Resort. By all means go there anywhere but Windy Hollow Campground.

Last account activity: in 1 minute
Details
Rating: 1
Text: Over priced, campground needs updated no slabs for big units only a few fire rings can't bring your own firewood have to by there sic sticks they pick-up and sell. Owners are nosey, come around several time a day forty seven fifty/night for a party of two and five dollars per person per night. Otherwise beautiful campground. 
Rating: 5
Text: This campground is a wonderful place to relax and have fun. The lake is beautiful and clean with no algae AT ALL! We've talked to the owners quite a bit and they seem like very nice people. Now, this isn't a hotel, so the bathrooms are like any campground's; clean, but not fancy - but you don't go to Windy Hollow for their bathrooms! I highly recommend this amazing campground for anyone who loves to swim, fish, or have fun!!
Rating: 3
Text: If you like lake swimming, this is one of the few available in the area.  It's rather pricey for what they have - a few platforms mid lake - and a large covered picnic table area.  It would behoove them to scoop out some of the lake weeds.
