Wingate by Wyndham Charleston
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice place to stay. Clean and comfortable rooms. My only wish was they they had more gluten free options for breakfast (there was the usual eggs, fruit and yogurt but no cereal or bread options). We had one minor confusion with check in (we booked 2 rooms but it looked like we were overbooked by mistake) and because it looked like our second room wasn't available one of our rooms was upgraded at no extra charge. Staff were very friendly and I enjoyed my stay. If they expand their gluten free options I would happily give this 5 stars.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel was very nice, the room was great and reasonably priced, and the desk workers were very helpful and courteous. But the transportation from and to the airport was very inadequate and unreliable. When I arrived at the airport, it took 45 minutes to get picked up. It seemed that both drivers were on break at the same time. Then when I returned two weeks later and had arranged for transportation at 4:30 am to the airport for a 5:40 am flight, there was no driver as of 4:55. The desk worker was about to call a cab. Fortunately, I bummed a ride from another guest at that point (driver never arrived). Even so, I came within 1 minute of being unable to check my bag and therefore make my flight. That would have resulted in my having to rebook my entire itinerary. This was very unsatisfactory and unacceptable.
Rating: 5
Text: Very nice clean, comfortable rooms and exceptional, friendly service. Front desk was extremely helpful and courteous in resolving a last-minute booking mix-up. Only downside was that noise-proofing was not great; you could hear noises from the hall, like people talking or doors closing, quite easily. Still overall loved it.
Rating: 2
Text: Cons: Cleanliness, gets a 0 because the bathroom hadn't been cleaned prior to us checking in at midnight there were still dirty towels and dried urine all on and around the toilet, there was hair all around the faucet where someone had shaved, there were clean towels though, we inspected the sheets and they looked clean but honestly we didn't know for sure if they were. So at 1 am the front desk clerk sends someone up to clean the bathroom for us because there were no other rooms to switch to. The way they had put towels in the room could be better, they looked tossed up on the bar shelf above the toilet, and a stack of hand and wash towels on the towels bar. I've seen some unique ways to do it.They need to step there game up. It makes a better impression when there placed nicer. The eggs at breakfast had an inch of water in the pan with them. The coffee was full of coffee grounds. Pros: The motel itself was really nice, it has nice furniture, carpet, lighting. The bed was comfy. The pool next door rocked. The kids loved it. The snack machines had king sized bags and bars of snacks for a fair price.The breakfast area had a decent amount of choices and condiments, even a soda machine.
Rating: 5
Text: I always stay at this hotel when I am in the area. The staff is very friendly and always helpful. The king deluxe rooms are large and comfortable. The breakfast needs a little bit more variety, but overall has decent offerings. The weight room has hand weights which is a bonus. However, weight room could stand to be about 10 degrees cooler. Some of the fixtures could use replacing in the rooms, like the shower heads in the king deluxe rooms that are wearing out. They have good size refrigerators in the guest rooms.
