Wingate By Wyndham Indianapolis Airport-Rockville Rd.
Rating: 5
Text: Each person on staff was exceptional! 24 hour airport pickup is for real...and means that when I called the desk before 5am, the manager was cordial, arranged my transportation, and allowed me to check in early. The room was very clean and the housekeeping staff accommodated all our needs during our stay. The folks who prepared the food and cleaned up after breakfast served good food, kept the area clean and we're very nice. Each staff person at the front desk was great at customer service. Over all, this was a great experience!
Rating: 4
Text: Decent value for the area. We came in with a group of 100 high school kids and they treated us great. Breakfast was amazing! They never ran out of anything. My only complaint would be the tub/shower was very hard to get in and out of. Management was on the ball. Overall a nice stay.
Rating: 1
Text: My family and I stayed at the hotel in April. Apparently from what they say, during that time the hotel got a new machine for their credit/debit card processing. Instead of charging people for the stay, it put the funds on "hold" and only released the payment this past week! We stayed for two nights. Why weren't we told sooner that the machine was broken? How can you just push a payment through three months later without any notice to the consumer? We saw funds were holding and assumed it was business as usual. I never went back through my statements to make absolutely sure that the hotel actually got their money. I guess that was my fault. But the hotel still should have notified the patrons a lot sooner. How can we be sure it won't happen again? It has caused a huge ripple effect in our accounts. And of course, no manager was available to take the call. Sigh... just be careful you guys. Apparently the receipt you're given and the hold on your account is not enough to ensure that payment goes through. It could be around Christmas that they decide to take your money!
Rating: 3
Text: I stay at this hotel every week for 1 or 2 nights for work. We get Corp. Rate which can't be beat. The only negative about the hotel is to be wary of the rooms where you get a large hot tub which doubles as shower.  It is very easy to fall getting out of this hot tub and I did several months ago.  I jammed my shoulder and I still have periodic pain in the joint.
If get one of these rooms be very careful getting out of the hot tub.
Rating: 5
Text: great facility, wonderful full hot breakfast, including fun see through pancake machine. Had one less than friendly staff member, but that was the exception. I'd definitely stay here again.
