Wingate by Wyndham Joliet
Rating: 5
Text: We set up a block of rooms for our wedding guests at the Wingate by Wyndham, the entire experience was top notch. Tami helped us book the rooms and set the block up over a year in advance and was helpful throughout the process. Our guests booked 34 rooms for our wedding weekend and the staff was so nice and helpful throughout the weekend. The were friendly and attentive and even handed out welcome bags that we created for our gueats. We also booked their large meeting room for an after party and they extremely accommodating and even comped the room because of the number of rooms booked. The rooms and facilities were extremely clean, the pool and hot tub were great, and the breakfast was good as well. All of our guests raved about how nice the hotel was, I highly recommend this hotel especially if booking a block of rooms!
Rating: 5
Text: They have amazing rooms and a great staff. One staff member Michel has a great sense of humor and had a great conversation with him. Always enjoy my stay at the wingate. The hotel is always clean and 100% friendly. You feel welcomed from the minute you get there
Rating: 3
Text: The online service booked us into a smoking room without any obvious notifications, which seems odd, as most people have a strong preference about smoking rooms. We got to the hotel later at night after a really long drive (this was our first stop on a trip day road trip across the country) and the lobby was very nice looking and clean. The receptionist was very nice and understanding and switched us into a non smoking room without hesitation, but it sounds like this sort of thing happens pretty frequently. When we got up into our room, the hallways smelled like cigarette smoke, but our room didn't, which was good. Everything was pretty quiet, but our air conditioner (in July in Illinois, ugh) was pretty much inoperable. We set it as low as possible but about an hour into our stay it started blowing warm, humid air into our room, which made it pretty hard to sleep. The beds were clean and comfortable, though, with tons of pillows and the room itself was pretty spacious, with enough furniture to set our stuff on, and there was a safe and larger mini fridge. The TV service sucked though, it froze and skipped on live TV, lots of weird static as well. We only stayed one night, and though the rooms and lobby were nice looking and new, the cigarette smoke smell through the hotel and the crappy air conditioner are good enough reasons for me to find somewhere else to stay, even if it was pretty cheap (~$100 for one night, including taxes and fees). I was hoping that we got a good deal on a nice hotel room, but it seems the price was just about right for the room we got.
Rating: 5
Text: I absolutely love this hotel. I stay here whenever I'm in town. Friendly,  professional staff. Their beds are heaven sent. Great breakfasts.
Rating: 4
Text: A little bit off the beaten path, but otherwise, a serviceable hostelry with a VERY helpful staff. Facility is modern, with a fridge and microwave in the room. King sized bed was comfortably firm for a good night's rest. Didn't have the breakfast, but it is offered.
