WoodSpring Suites Junction City
Rating: 3
Text: You get what you pay for. Room was fine, came with all the basic amenities. Got a good deal, so I really couldn't complain. It took forever to check in though because the lady running the desk had her kids running all over the place which led to her yelling at them and me just standing there awkwardly. I've stayed in much better, but I've also stayed in much worse. It's good enough I'd you need a cheap place to stay for a night.
Rating: 1
Text: Room 426 has fleas.  Couldn't figure out what was biting me until I worn white socks.  You can see them all over your socks.  The picture I took are of a few we have killed with a lighter. Don't not stay here, they said they only clean every other Friday, you have to take out your own trash. You have to buy your own toliet paper.
Rating: 1
Text: This place needs new everything or be put out of business. I stayed here for almost 2 weeks because it was cheap, so I wasn't expecting much. When I got there everything seemed fine and dandy, but in a few days the "staff" and everything fell apart. Every morning I would leave to go to work and the same male staff member would be in the same "room" and pop his head out and be friendly. Considering that they don't clean rooms at all, seeing him everyday was weird in the same room.

Along with that, almost everyday I would have to go to the front desk to get my keys re-keyed at least once, sometimes multiple times a day. Really crappy magnet strips. I also heard and saw other people have a lot of trouble with their cards too. Every time you go up there to get your keys fixed, the staff is either on their phones, doing classes, or act like you're just a bother and don't want to help you.

Every night I would take a shower, and the only time I took a shower someone would pound on my door and then it sounded like someone would come in. I always made sure my door was locked and the only time someone would come is when I would take a shower, which is weird since I lived on the second floor, how would someone know? 

I started getting bit randomly all of a sudden maybe a few days in of staying there and I started to worry. Then it got so bad and the marks were huge so I looked into it and it turned out to be a bad case of bed bugs, times a million. I tried to buy a can and spray the bed but nothing worked. The morning after I sprayed I got up and went to the bathroom and come back and actuall saw a bed bug coming from the bottom of my pillow, up. I slept above the covers that night too. I caught that bed bug and put it in a cup with a lid on it. I left and came back maybe an hour and a half later and it was still there, not moving. I then went to work and came back and somehow it disappeared with a lid on the cup. The cup was there, but the bed bug was not. So I went to the front desk and they acted like they didn't care and asked if I wanted another room or stay with the bedbugs. I got another room and when I opened the room it was not what I was expecting. The room was completely trashed. Dirty colored rag in the sink, coffee stains on the counter, crumbs everywhere on each table and all over the floor, the stove was disgusting with grease and crumbs like it hasn't been cleaned for ages, the bathroom had a used towel on the ground, and hanging with, and a used washcloth, and the bed was completely unmade. It looked like someone just got out of bed and left. So I checked out and told them everything about the room they gave me to get out of a bedbug room, and they said "oh sorry". And didn't care. Didn't refund anything. I asked for a receipt of all my days and they overcharged me over $200 and they charge you linen but I never got extra linen, or towels, or anything and you have to take out your own trash.

Worst place I've ever stayed at and the staff doesn't care, doesn't do their job, but is also kinda creepy. 

DO NOT stay here!!!!!
Rating: 1
Text: Made reservations days in advanced and the website asked an estimated arrival time which I set as 10-11pm. I arrived at the hotel just after 11 and used the phone in the lobby to call their after hours numbers. No one answered. After a very long day of driving I was exhausted and all I wanted to do was sleep. Thank goodness for the econo lodge down the street, they immediately answered and gave us a room for a better price. Don't waste your time making a reservation if you are there after the office closes they won't honor it.
Rating: 5
Text: Nice property. New management. Clean rooms. Friendly staff...ideal location. I would recommend to anyone...family friendly or single person...they accommodate all. Fair rates. ...
