WoodSpring Suites Wichita Airport
Rating: 1
Text: We arrived to a drunk person sitting in the front who was staying there; the advertised room was $69, but we were charged $79 to get two full size beds.  Got to the room, there were no towels, called and they brought some up.  Tried to watch tv, they had to come up again as it wouldn't work.  The elevator was filthy and the room was not clean.  Although there was a stove, sink & refrigerator, there were no utensils and no coffee pot.  When asking about morning coffee we were told there was none.
For the price, there seemed to have been better options.  Would never stay here again!
Rating: 1
Text: The hot water went away! I understand problems happen, but this is a 24/7 place! I got the answer that they would be out at 9:00am to fix it. DON'T STAY HERE! Your money is all that they want! Come on! No hot water and you could not have the plumber come out in an emergency call! I get hot water at motel 6 and don't pay this much money! Your attitude is what pissed me off, not the problem of no hot water. You are in a service business. I would put my hard earned money elsewhere. 

Part Two, Three, four etc.....:
9/11/2017
Came by at lunch time today to check on my dogs, and was quite surprised to see five police vehicles. Asked one of the officers what was going on and was informed that a bomb was located in the building! Really?! All I want is a place to rest after work away from home. THIS IS NOT THE PLACE TO GET IT. Had one individual urinate in the parking lot in broad daylight. Every week there is a new adventure to deal with! If you are a business person needing a place for over a week, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!

I have encountered in the short six weeks I have been here, dope dealer cooking dope in the parking lot. Not once but twice! Young man urinating in the front parking lot. Hot water missing when getting ready for work. Children making noise after so called quite time. Bomb scare! Any one thing is worth going somewhere else. If I didn't need a place that is very close to the airport I would not ever stay here!
Rating: 5
Text: The location was in west Wichita on Taft St. The room was nice and cool on that hot summer day. Love the stove, full size refrigerator and microwave that was in the room. Very clean and comfortable room. Loved my stay!!!
Rating: 3
Text: 1 lightbulb... just one.  A total of 4 lighting options... 1 bulb.
Noisy due to constant slamming of doors and barking dogs. Smoking room burns my eyes, nose and throat. And I was charged a completely different price then the one flashing on the Marquee just outside my window.
Rating: 4
Text: Rooms were nice and clean but no ashtray was provided in smoking room
