WoodSpring Suites Springfield
Rating: 5
Text: Excellent place to stay!! Clean rooms pet friendly and the staff is fair and helpful!! All are great people!!! Would deff stay again!! Even at the front desk is amazing and needs a raise!
Rating: 1
Text: We checked in at 5 p.m. and was told the room hadn't been cleaned yet we left and showed back up at 10 p.m. the room was still dirty we had to call to get Linens make our own beds. An employee of the hotel came in made some excuses while we were making the beds continue to let us make up the beds and clean the room and then left. Absolutely the worst place ever!
Rating: 3
Text: Showed up at the hotel, with a reservation, after 10pm. The front desk was closed, and I had to call a number to talk to an operator, and the operator called an employee that was staying at the hotel, come down and check us in The beds only had a sheet, no blankets. Which I'm assuming is because this place is more of a long term hotel, in which people normally bring their own stuff, so that was not bad. Called the front desk, and they brought me up a blanket No curtains, so if you work nights, you won't be able to sleep during the day The beds were alright, I'd recommend your own pillows The internet is paid internet, which is a huge downer for me
Rating: 4
Text: Very nice place. A little on the pricey side but very worth it. Nice neighborhood and convenient grocery store across the street. Staff was pleasant and helpful. Only downside is its a ways from central Springfield. 
Rating: 1
Text: I stayed here and it was aweful. The elevator smells and has food and liquid spilt all over in it. The room had a fridge and stove. The fridge we just happened to open it and found styrofoam boxes and decided to open to see how old and yeah that stuff had been there for a long time it was fully molded. The bed was horrible and the blanket was literally a sheet. There were people roaming around all night and it had a really dangerous feel to it. I can't believe how expensive it was for how crappy it was I would of expected a crappy stay of less than 50. The shower also had hairs in the bottom of it and the floor didn't like clean the only bonus is the sheets looked clean.
