WoodSpring Suites Omaha Bellevue
Rating: 4
Text: This place is more tailored towards guests staying for longer periods of time. There is one tiny bar of hand soap in the bathroom and a couple of towels. Everything else you'll have to bring with you. No sample shampoos, dish soap, or hygiene samples (toothbrush, makeup remover, etc.) are provided. The entry area into the hotel is extremely small and cramped. So, entering while there's a line of people waiting to check in is a bit difficult, especially if you're trying to carry your stuff in. The front desk is not 24 hours and I believe stops being openly staffed at 10 pm. The room itself isn't bad. Was clean and a good size for the price I paid per night. Ultimately I wouldn't mind staying here again.
Rating: 3
Text: Inexpensive, but they expect you to bring all of the creature comforts you'd expect at a hotel yourself (i.e. shampoo, facial tissues, ice, etc.).
Rating: 1
Text: I was disappointed with my stay here. If you want a nice stay, go to the Candlewood Suites. They were substantially better in quality, provided free kitchenware, and the rooms were much nicer. 

As for the woodspring suites, the nternet didn't work 75% of the time, I had to pay for kitchenware that not only was used but almost set off the fire alarm due to the caked on grease on it. I feel as though I'm buying your kitchenware, I shouldn't get a product in poor quality that is used. 

I won't be staying here again. Hope this helps. I'm not being paid by candlewood, I just really didn't like woodspring.
Rating: 3
Text: Everything was clean and orderly, the staff were nice and polite as well. But this is definitely not the nicest of places that I have stayed at. There wasn't even any shampoo/soap in the room when we got there. The staff were very nice and brought some up and apologized when we asked about it though. All in all, not great but not bad. Pretty center of the road.
Rating: 4
Text: Husband got a room here when i was in early labor so that we would be closer to the hospital. The only smoke free room available was a handicapped room, which was fine, although I would have preferred the option of a tub! We checked in around midnight and left around 3 AM for the hospital. We didn't call until 6 PM (after our daughter was born) to cancel the room for a second night, and they only charged us for 1 night :)
