WoodSpring Suites Topeka
Rating: 4
Text: This place has gotten drastically better. I've stayed here numerous times for different occasions  and it's never been this good. Since new management and new housekeeping came in its really turned around. The general manager of the building is extremely nice and always checks in with the guests to see how things are. Although the assistant General manager could be more respectful but no different than the average person I guess. Minor things still need done but All around a good stay and worth the money compared to a lot of other places.
Rating: 1
Text: Called the day before showing up to make sure the room would have two queen beds and would be non-smoking.  Arrived the next day had to wait for the lazy amazon looking lady to come down and even check us into our room.  She was dress nice and professional in her sweat pants and stained t-shirt.  (There is no one at the front desk after certain hours they go back to their meth induced coma's in their rooms).  The lady then told me that the room I was suppose to get was not going to be available and we would be getting the same room just with smaller beds.  Two twin beds for three people.  One of the beds being a couch pull out.  I told her that I wanted the room we had paid for.  Her response was you have not paid for it yet being a smart a--.  I told her I am glad that the whole family did not come since there would have been five of us and she told me well you would need two rooms then because of fire code.  I told her well the one room is not even big enough.  Then she offered me a room that had been smoked in.  I informed her I would not sleep in a smoking room.  She told me that the people who were in the room decided to stay another night and she was not going to kick them out.  I told her where she could put her smoking room and her hotel and left.  I would not reserve a room in this hotel or any of the WoodSpring Suites ever again.
Rating: 1
Text: I've read reviews that said this place was alright so I decided to give it a try and that was a huge mistake. I left my daughters diaper bag and when I returned to get it the front desk employee said he checked the room twice but wouldn't let me look through lost and found, Check the room myself, or even go past the front door. He told I can go "check the dumpster" and that's about it. Thank goodness a very nice janitor came outside to throw things away and I asked him myself and he said the diaper bag is still sitting right next to the bed I'll get it for you. he was a life saver I don't recommend going to this hotel god forbid your child leaves a item you'll never see it again.
Rating: 2
Text: We got in late and it was just before the office closed the male working the desk was very rude. There was 4 in our party, he demanded government issued identification, we explained 2 were kids as my daughter was standing next to me and he was looking at us like ya right as she looks older then she is. I didn't have my ID but he went ahead and let us check in. We got to our room and there was only towels for 2 people. The next morning as leaving to go to our event we had came here for I stopped at the office to ask for more towels so we could all shower when we got in. She said she didn't have anyone to put them in our room so she handed them to me. We got back 16 hours later and our room door was not latched all the way. Honestly made me nervous to even go in but we did. I know it was closed that morning when I left because it caught my floor as I was walking out so I grabbed the handle and pulled it shut. I called the front office
Rating: 1
Text: Horrible! I wouldn't even rate it 1 star. Don't stay in this hotel unless you want to waste your money and get bed bugs! I don't know where to start when we first arrived around 10pm we got up to our room and no towels! Called the front desk multiple times and no one would pick up so then we walked down and she was sitting there talking to some guy! Then when we were laying down in bed I started feeling itchy so we turned on the lights and there was atleast 8 tiny bugs crawling...we flipped the sheets And there was atleast 20 tiny babies...I don't know if they were bed bugs or lice but we were FURIOUS...it looked like the house keepers didn't even change our sheets! Like you have ONE job and you can't even change the sheets or the pillow cases for each new guest!? most disgusting hotel I've ever stayed in...we would have rather stayed any where else but there! No refund either. But please people I am warning you...do not stay here!  Stay ANYWHERE else but there!
