WoodSpring Suites Louisville South
Rating: 1
Text: They get no stars, if there was an option to give minus stars it would be more appropriate.  They have cockroaches and are less than helpful when you need it
 Sign on the wall says you can get clean towels anytime, they do not clean daily. Well after a 14hr day I had to call a corporate number just to have the attendant argue with me about it. They have many long term residents with children and dogs that make noise all night long and they dont care. I would have done better in a tent next to the highway! Do yourself a favor and don't stay here!
Rating: 1
Text: We have been here multiple times and everything was fine. This time the room was infest with cockroaches it was disgusting. Also they are now accepting peoples with big dogs and since our room was not cleaned when we arrived we had hairs everywhere...disgusting again.
Rating: 4
Text: WoodSpring Suites in Louisville was great. The rooms were spacious, the staff was very helpful and friendly, and it was close to everything needed. I would definitely stay there again given the opportunity.
Rating: 1
Text: This hotel should be called "roach motel".  How does it even have good ratings.  

My recent stay was by far the worst hotel experience I've ever encountered.  I had to travel for business meeting and unfortunately there were conferences/events in Louisville area that prevent me to choose my typical/preferred choices (most hotels are sold out in the area).  Therefore WoodSpring Suites is the only choice available within 30 miles of my destination.  

This hotel was not cheap ($140 per night), therefore I would expect at least a clean room for the stay.  

I should've turn around when I saw the hotel room door had damages (if somebody had pried it open in the past). 

The room is outdated (stove circa 1980s).  The floor was sticky (it feels so nasty to walk on sticky laminate floor). There is nasty smoke smell, even worse when the AC and bathroom fan was turn on (80 degree weather dictates the need for AC). 

There wasn't a curtain in the shower.  There was a balled up "fresh" towels that had black marks on them.  

I wouldn't even want to know what's under the bed sheet. 

Worst hotel ever.  I had booked for 2 nights, but I left after the first night of stay. 

Beware of fake review and rating!  Avoid this hotel at all cost (even if all hotels within the area are sold out).
Rating: 1
Text: I am a long time paying customer, and I'm very disappointed in the lack of professionalism and how the hotel staff treats us. We have asked for bi-weekly housekeeping, and we have not once got it in almost the year and a half we have been here. We have asked for things like toilet paper which is also suppose to be included in our weekly rate, and Tony who works behind the counter, gives us an attitude. He tells us to go buy our own. We ask for change to do laundry, and he doesn't want to do it.He says he can't do it per management, but when we asked someone else for change, they gladly did it. The new General Manager Kristen will harass you. You can't have drugs on the property or have alcohol outside your room,  but yet you smell weed in the halls and see people sitting outside their rooms drinking. There is people shooting heroine in the parking lot and alot of drug deals going on in the parking lot. To the owner if you are reading this, I welcome you to respond. Melanie and Stewart are the only ones who display professionalism and do their jobs thoroughly.
