WoodSpring Suites Lincoln
Rating: 1
Text: I have NEVER experienced anything like this hotel.  I had a reservation with a confirmation for a room here.  They called me 3 days before my arrival to confirm that I still needed the room and would be checking in on that day.  I told them that I did need the room and would be coming from four hours away, so please make sure I still have a room.  I showed up and was told they did not have a room for me!  The VERY RUDE lady at the front desk informed me they would call me if anybody cancelled but offered no other assistance.  This is by far the worst experience I have ever had with a hotel and I did not get the name of the lady working the front desk, and if I did, I would recommend she be fired!!!!  This place is HORRIBLE and I would tell everybody don't even bother reserving a room here.  If you do, have a back up plan because they will not have a room when you show up to check in!!!!
Rating: 5
Text: Really content here. And staff is awesome. Just love them.  Management are the best you could ask for.
Rating: 4
Text: I really thought the general manager was very friendly. She was extremely polite to the guests and knew her job very well. The housekeepers were very friendly also.

I paid 210/week for a nice studio with internet, cable and utilities included which is important for the extremely hot Nebraska. Utilities on an apartment in Lincoln can run close to 200 dollars a month during the hot summer months, as it has some of the highest heat indexes of any city in America during summer heat waves so it was a bargain.

Most of the apartments in that area are from 600 to 700 dollars a month for a studio apartment and then there is the sky-high cost of utilities in Lincoln because of the extremely humid summers and extremely cold winters plus the cable, phone and internet. 

The mattresses were excellent but the sheets and comforter were very light which good for the summer.

I would give this five-stars but the billing system seems so confusing that some of the desk clerks couldn't even tell what a balance was because they have multiple systems. 

Another reason why I can't give it five-stars is the fact there are lots of families with screaming kids. Lots of construction workers with families live there so it can be a little loud and many of them are disrespectful.
Rating: 3
Text: There's no straight to service. They provide your towels sheets and such and then you are expected to do all the rest. Other than that it's clean and while it smells like smoke in the stairwells the rest smells fine and is rather quite for being next to the interstate. For it's price point it's a solid bargain
Rating: 5
Text: Very clean staff very nice 
