Woodcrest Apartments
Rating: 2
Text: Everything is pretty much mediocre at best, right up until you let them know you will not be moving out, then you are suddenly considered nonexistent and all your privacy and wishes suddenly go out the window.  Basically, wait until the last possible second to tell them you are leaving.
Rating: 1
Text: Reasons to not rent at this site:
1).   When we first moved in we had a water leak from the apartment upstairs. Maintenance came to "fix" the leak. However, they never came back to patch the ceiling. We lived like this for over a year. They also left scratches in our tub from the ladder. Over a period of time, mold developed in the 
bathroom. 
2).    I called to have my window in the master bedroom fixed because it Wouldn't stay open. Ya... I still had to prop it open with something to get fresh air. 
3).   Maintenance entered my apartment for a problem that we never submitted (they like to enter when your not home)
4) .   water entered my living room during a heavy rain. Nobody showed up for 2 days... Buckets in my living room collecting water while having 2 of my youngest grand children over was a challenge... No joy there!!! Then, I had to live with water stains on my wall while paying $702 a month... On time for several months after...
5).    My boyfriend was walking the trash to the dumpster when a maintenance man was at the unit above him flicked a cigarette nearly hitting him
6).  If you have asthma, this is not the place for you!!! Smoking in the halls is very common and stinks!!!
7).  Moisture and mold throughout my unit made me sick.. I moved out, and now I am able to breath again!!!
8).   I cut my foot in the pool because the concrete is choppy... Not once, but twice within the same day... 
9). Office personal is nice until you move out... After that, my BF received vindictive emails and for some reason, they called my son, that has nothing to do with anything there...  
10).   If I could post pics, I certainly would!!! 

Highly recommend you do your research first...
Rating: 2
Text: The apartments are decent, and most of the staff is okay. While it claims to be a pet friendly place, and in all outward appearances, it is, so many neighbors seek to rat out any small problems they have. We get a lot of calls about us not picking up our dogs poop, even though our dog didn't poop at all. It seems that they don't understand that girl dogs squat to pee and poop. I would seriously second guess your choice to come here if you have pets, there may be a better option.
Rating: 4
Text: 
Rating: 1
Text: 
