WoodSpring Suites Burlington
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel is about a year old. Comfortable rooms with kitchenette. Not a typical hotel, with few amenities. No breakfast included. Rooms are not carpeted, though I wish they were. Nice places to stop while traveling. Plentiful parking.
Rating: 5
Text: The setup is very barebones with minimal staff and limited housekeeping. However, the rooms are wonderful, from the decor to the comfort of the bed. The air conditioned room was a very pleasant place to sleep. The location of the hotel is perfectly positioned to get back on the interstate highway so we could continue or journey with little to no delay or route modification.
Rating: 2
Text: Really, really bare bones!!  Has a kitchen but no dishes or utensils.  No tissues, so just use toilet paper.  No ice machine but empty ice trays in the freezer.  Wash cloth and bath towels but no hand towels.  No coffee or Continental breakfast.  Wifi worked ok and bed was comfortable, though.  Strange business model for a national chain.  Will avoid them in the future.
Rating: 4
Text: The bed was stiff! Makes me wonder if that's what inspired the wood part of their name. Staff was welcoming and great, our party had three rooms and all looked clean and updated, very cozy.
Rating: 4
Text: This was a stop on a travel trip we were making to Utah. Because of the lower price we decided to give it a check and are glad we stayed here. It's barebones, yes, but it's clean and the young man at the front desk was very nice checking Us in and referred us to a great restaurant, the Dish, for supper. It really seems to be a hotel for long-term workers. It has a full size refrigerator, microwave oven, cooktop, but no coffee pot! That's okay-- for the price we can go across the street to the Love's and get a cup of coffee or down to pick up breakfast somewhere. They were also pet friendly which is exactly what we needed. The room is clean and although you only have minimal amenities, for just a stop and then moving on, it is fine. I would give it a 5 star for clean, a 5 star to the check in clerk (9-5-2017/8 pm), and a lower rating for amenities. But we had what we needed and are not complaining. We knew before we checked in there would be no coffee pot, no hair dryer, and others had commented only one towel per person was available. Also, the clerk put us in a great room for our dog--end of Hall and easy to take him outside. It was very quiet too, being on the back side of the hotel
