WorldMark Galena
Rating: 5
Text: We visit the WorldMark Galena annually for a weekend of R&R. We love the resort, the staff is extremely courteous and willing to help. The pool is nice, the environment is great, and it's close to downtown Galena. We will continue to go in the future. But he only bizarre thing was this most recent stay, we kept finding flies in the room and box elders (stink bugs). Must have killed 12 or 13 flies but couldn't isolate where they were coming from. But hat certainly did not tarnish my position perception of the hotel, just a weird annoyance.
Rating: 4
Text: Our stay here was brief, but wonderful. The staff was helpful with anything we needed, including suggestions of activities. The woman at the front desk even called a local station to check if they were open still and then called and let us know. Galena is full of amazingly fun and entertains things to do and see.
Rating: 5
Text: Oh my gosh!  We want to come back! We took the city trolley around Galena and got to know their history. This town is registered 80% historical!  Gen. Ulysses Grant lived here when he joined the Civil War. Of course he won that battle and later became President while living in Galena. President Lincoln stumped for his presidency while there too. I could go on forever - go see it! Of course our Worldmark stay was lovely and really appreciated the large washer & dryer just down the hall. Only stayed one night so cannot report on the rest of the facility. But staff were friendly and oh so helpful! We do want to come back here!
Rating: 3
Text: I am a Worldmark Owner. Unfortunately, on this trip, the bug situation really put a damper on our relaxation. Flies, lady bugs and boxer elder bugs kept finding their way into our 3rd floor condo unit. We never opened the outside doors or windows. We killed at least 15 flies during our 2 night stay and at least 10 lady bugs. After clearing a bedroom and closing it off, that evening there were 4 more buzzing around in there ?!$#@! So strange. The property gave us warning about box elder bugs upon check in, but we only saw a few of those. I've been here at least 10 times and have to say outdoor bugs in the room has always been a problem, but nothing like this. Also, the sauna was not working properly. We waited 25 minutes and it never heated up more than just warm, maybe 80 degrees. Aside from the hang ups this time, I generally love this place and look forward to it as a home away from home. The staff is super friendly and the setting is cozy, but we might have to find a new go to location for weekend getaways :(
Rating: 5
Text: The staff has been super helpful and very welcoming. It has been a great weekend and will definitely come back again. We first visited 4.5 years ago and it is still just as amazing if not more!
