Wyatt Earp Inn
Rating: 4
Text: I enjoyed my stay. With the rude manager out of town, leaving Jackie and Linda in charge, my stay was a comfortable and quiet one. Interactions with the two of them were extremely pleasant, they have this almost obsolete ability to truly make you feel like they really appreciate you and your business. I was made to feel like a part of the family during my stay. The ownership truly needs to replace the current manager, she exhibits extremely poor customer service, to the point of outright rudeness towards customers. Its unconscionable that the ownership would allow this woman to retain her employment at their motel, especially when they have two fine ladies who would be well suited for the position. The owners are allowing current managment to drive their motel into the ground and allowing her to drive away potential business. Ludicrous! The rooms themselves are clean, relatively roomy. The beds are comfortable, with clean bedding. There is great water pressure for the shower or bathtub, whichever you prefer. It is an older property, not the most updated, but the price is right. Also located directly next door to the TA truck stop, that has an in-house restaurant. I travel through Kansas regularly and barring a negative interaction with the manager, will definitely plan on staying here again in the near future. Thanks Jackie and Linda for making this review a positive one.
Rating: 1
Text: The rooms were decent, comfortable and fitting for a quick nights stay. Our first encounter with the  Manager was awful. We were outside waiting for her to come to the door and check us in. We were running late and called ahead of time and she said it would be no problem to check us in late. She yelled at us for laughing. Then we did the check in process and she continued to speak to me in a loud upsetting voice. I asked her several times to calm her voice and speak to me normal. She was rude, unhelpful and nasty to us. I'm not sure if it was race related or not, but as a "manager" I would think you would do your best to keep us happy. We were in town for a family reunion which we do every years 10 miles up the road with hundreds of family. WE WILL NOT BE SUPPORTING YOUR BUSINESS AGAIN!
Rating: 2
Text: Checked in and was advised we can not request a room on qst floor because the company has to do that. I even have a handicap tag. Then we don't ever have room service as we are no comfortable with people in our room. We were told that the owner requires housekeeping to go into the room at least ever other day. We ( my bf and i) get to the room and it's 2 full size beds!! So far, not impressed and a little irritated.
Rating: 4
Text: This place is quaint, homely, modern old West decor... Friendly accommodating service! Been staying here for years and it's consistently maintained and clean.. 
I would give it 5 stars but nobody gets that for free ?.. 
Rating: 3
Text: Good size room. Nice bedding and fairly clean. No breakfast and no pool. With a name like Wyatt Earp Inn I expected it to have more of a western theam or at least some kind of pamphlets in the rooms about Wyatt Earp but that just ends at the name. So all in all a good place to sleep but low on amenities and gets a big fat F on nostalgia. 
