Wyndham Grand Chicago Riverfront
Rating: 4
Text: We are halfway through our stay and so far they have been more than helpful. We arrived hours before check in and the stored our luggage for us until we returned later that evening. We got some amazing restaurant suggestions from the bell hop. Only issue we had is we had a room for 3 ppl and only enough towels for 2. After a quick phone call to the front desk they brought us more within 5 min. We are impressed so far.
Rating: 4
Text: Hotel was great. Friendly and helpful staff. Room was a fair size and the bathroom was HUGE!!!!! Our room faced the river and was on the 17th floor. You could still hear the street noise as if you were on the sidewalk. But overall a nice place. I'd definitely stay there again.
Rating: 5
Text: Large room on the river on a high floor. The room was large with a sofa and desk. Very comfortable bed. Excellent service and check in was very quick. Clean and centrally located.
Rating: 3
Text: Just went here for parking. The valet was hanging out inside the garage and a huge line was forming of people both picking up and dropping off. We assumed they were busy retrieving cars, but after several minutes, someone went in and found him just hanging out. Then we're cutting in line and he did nothing to organize the chaos or try to serve people in a fair order. But when I came to pick it up, things went much smoother as there was no line and two valets. The location was great and I got a heck of a deal on price by using the Best Parking app.
Rating: 5
Text: Room was very spacious, and was a lot bigger than what I was expecting. Great view even when you are facing a bunch of buildings, you get to look out at the buildings that are taller than yours. Beds were extremely comfortable, and were great to relax on, as well as sleep. Shower was fantastic. The only con for me was that breakfast is a full service restaurant, but it made for that by being in the vicinity of a lot of breakfast places. I will say one thing, if our room was that great, I can't imagine what the Presidential Suite is like!
