Wyndham Indianapolis West
Rating: 5
Text: This hotel is great! Friendly service and they have a snack place open all the time. It is about 15-20 minutes downtown for a busy event like Garth Brooks which is the first time we have stayed here. Quality bedding and home feel to the room. Has had some updates. The wings are a bit long but they have a few exit doors and parking near those entrances as well. Will definitely be back here. It was worth the Money! Very pleased! Clean and neat and comfy! One of the best places we've stayed this year.
Rating: 4
Text: I stayed at the hotel near the airport during a convention weekend. in June 2017. I love i t... It was clean, tv worked great, shower was very clean, a few extras were offered.drinks were fixed perfectly. There was a lot going on so the bar area was extremely crowded; but the bartender done an amazing job serving everyone. Drinks and food for room service was wonderful also; full size drinks were offered at a great price. For all you Starbucks fans there is one with energy drinks, other foods offered. A restaurant for dining great food, cooked perfectly, fresh salad bar, vegetables, cooked meats,, and you can get bar drinks here also. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.As long as you can handle the planes flying over it's a great hotel to stay in.
Rating: 5
Text: Great hotel for a fabulous price. Rooms are newly renovated and kept very clean. The meeting space is large and easy to access. Lots of free parking. The Starbucks in the lobby is a nice touch. The restaurant and bar are amazing and not overpriced.
Rating: 5
Text: Really enjoyed our stay. The room was nice and the desk workers were friendly, helpful, and did a fantastic job. We will be staying here again.
Rating: 1
Text: I arrived at this hotel, located conveniently off the highway, halfway through a long drive home. I arrived at about 2 a.m. and  planned to check out and finish my drive after I got a little rest. 
Even though I had been here less than 6 hours,  and will be checking out today,  house keeping knocks on my door and Wakes me up at 8 a.m..  

Now,  with less than an hour until my alarm was to go off,  i am awake and very very upset. I was really looking forward to getting some sleep and hapily driving home. 

The front desk did not apologize and gave me attitude in the explanation of the horrible service-plan that house keeping works when they work. 

I hope to advise someone in upper management on how to better serve all their customers,  like those traveling on the highway they are located next to,  and change the policy where housekeeping cleans the room on the day of checkout, after guests have checked out.
