Wyndham Garden Urbana Champaign
Rating: 2
Text: This place needs some real work.  Elevators were not working well.  One was completely shut down.  Sign said you can take the stairs but then you had to go outside and the key did not work for the outside door.

The room was dated with visible patches on the doors and walls.

There were multiple place on the carpet that it had not been cleaned or vaccuummed.

The beds were surprisingly comfortable.
Rating: 4
Text: This hotel is very nice the staff are excellent the rooms are lovely and it made me feel just at home. My only downside was there is no breakfast any where which sucks. But other then that everything is lovely.
Rating: 3
Text: Great service from all the staff. The AC was a little off for us as well, running either too cold or too warm. 

The pool was ice cold!! I didn't realize I was signing up to do the Polar Plunge (?). The breakfast was decent - with the basic options of pancakes, eggs, and hash browns. 

My wife tried to use the exercise room and couldn't find a single machine that was in working condition. Someone from the hotel, again great customer service, tried to help but was not able to get any working either. 

Overall the rooms and other areas were fine, but showing their age. Seems this place is in need of some renovations. 

If it wasn't for the staff I'd probably give it 2 stars, but everyone we met went above and beyond to be helpful and friendly. 
Rating: 1
Text: BEDBUGS! This hotel had bedbugs, not a single person actually apologized when it was brought to the attention of the staff, and the manager (who wasn't there at the time) was supposed to call me when he got in. 24 hours later and no call. 

Not only this did place have bedbugs, it was an awful experience all around. Jets in the tub didn't work, one knob was completely missing, and when I tried to call the front desk from the hotel phone, it was a constant busy signal for 25 minutes. I had to call from my cell phone, then was told to please hold. Also called and asked about a hair dryer for my girlfriend, since this is maybe the only hotel I've ever stayed in where one wasn't on the wall in the bathroom, had to call the desk from cell phone again, was told they would check and call me back, never heard back. 

This is literally my first and only Google review, and after traveling 18 straight months for work a couple years ago and staying in 150+ hotels across the country, I can safely say this is the dirtiest, most unprofessional, and generally abysmal one I've been in. As part of a fairly large chain, that's saying a lot.
Rating: 4
Text: Overall, it was a good experience here. The room, the lobby and exterior were clean when I arrived. The check in process was quick and every employee I encountered was friendly and helpful. The room did not have a refrigerator and microwave as the website stated. I called the front desk and requested one and was told they had a lot of requests and would send them if they had one. I did get a fridge, but no microwave. The hotel did seem to be a bit understaffed. The pool was beautiful, but the water was very cold. A minor inconvenience was that on the second day when housekeeping came through, they did not restock the coffee or toiletries.
