Wyndham Garden Wichita Downtown
Rating: 5
Text: Staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean and laid out well, and the beds are very comfortable. The hotel is also in a convenient location close to downtown and directly across from a gas station. The breakfast wasn't anything to write home about, but better than most hotel breakfasts I've had. Would definitely recommend
Rating: 4
Text: Very helpful and polite staff. Breakfast was really good and is open until 11 am. That was nice even though we were up before 9. Would stay here again.
Rating: 3
Text: The hotel did not have the ambiance you expect. The room was spacious and the bed was comfortable.  Front deck service was good but still lack many of the amenities other hotel chains offer. Not the same place I stayed two years ago.
Rating: 1
Text: STAY FAR FAR AWAY, TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE... MGR. IS TERRIBLE AND SHOULD BE FIRED!!!!

If I could give this hotel 0 stars i would...
my husband and I have never been treated so poorly at a hotel...
On 8/3/17, I asked for my room to be cleaned by the lady at the front desk... four hours later after we returned, the room had not been cleaned... the lady said that we had our do not disturb sign on the door. I let her know that there was not a do not disturb sign on the door... and again she repeated that her staff said, that it was on the door... she took no responsibility for her staff not cleaning the room. 

Today again I asked for my room to be cleaned... the lady at the front desk (someone else) said what is it about and I said I want to speak to the mgr... and again she asked and I said it was not any of her concern and she smirked at me... and laughed..

The mgr came and i told her 90 min later that my room had still not been cleaned and she smirked at me and laughed and said what do you want... it will eventually get cleaned... and I said i want it cleaned... when I asked the mgr to speak with her boss, she said she didn't have a boss and that she owned the hotel...  and when i asked for the corporate number she said good luck and refused to give it to me...

The staff at this hotel are just like the mgr... and have the worst customer service of any hotel i have ever stayed.. they are rude, and could care less about those who stay here...+

We have video footage of an encounter and working with Wyndham Corporate to bring action against this franchise,
Rating: 4
Text: The hotel is located right off of the highway. It is an older building that once inside, you can start to notice its age. The staff was fast and friendly. The room were updated to include a flat screen TV, mini-fridge, and other updated decor. The bed was not the best as it was very saggy. The shower was clean and hot but fairly small. Overall, it was a good value but I will likely stay elsewhere during my next visit to Wichita.
