Wyndham Cleveland at PlayhouseSquare
Rating: 3
Text: Room was very clean and spacious. However, we were meant to be upgraded to a Chandelier Suite for our wedding night, but apparently we were booked for a room that was under renovations. Our room was located just above the hotel bar's outdoor patio, which had people shouting loudly late into the night. We also were given inaccurate information about our wedding block reservations prior to our stay. The hotel did offer a slight discount to our room and a complimentary night in a chandelier suite in the future. We will likely take this offer after the hotel completes its renovation project.
Rating: 2
Text: Location is fine, rooms are dated, toilet flooded in hotel room after flushing a tissue down. We came for a wedding which the front desk clerk had no idea about, tried telling us the wedding was somewhere else despite it being on their marquee monitor in the lobby.

Check-in time is 3 pm, we were unable to check-in to our room until 4:15 pm and wedding began at 5 pm. We came in from out of town and barely had time to get ready because of the long delay at check-in. 

The place is riddled with homeless begging for money and panhandlers. 

Valet service was excellent. I rate the hotel and amenities very poor. I definitely recommend you find a different hotel than waste your time and money at this one. No complimentary Wi-Fi. Get with the times, $10.00 for 2 megabytes of data? Seriously you can't load one website for two megabytes.
Rating: 5
Text: I had a great experience at The Wyndham Cleveland at Playhouse Square. Valet Parking was quick and friendly. The front desk was helpful and friendly. "Rosie" was wonderful! She helped me to my room with all of my luggage, brought me a refrigerator, microwave, and extra towels and wash cloths that I asked for while being very pleasant! The hotel itself was inviting and clean! I would definitely return!
Rating: 5
Text: We stayed for a concert hotel is beautiful, staff were friendly and helpful rooms were very clean and comfortable.  Very enjoyable stay?
Rating: 3
Text: It's currently under renovation, so everything is a little bit of a disaster, including the customer service. Air conditioning struggled there whole time to keep the room cool, and it was only 75 degrees outside.  I highly recommend the Hilton Downton where our friends stayed at. Wonderful service and a great view of the lake. Wish we stayed there!
