YMCA Trout Lodge
Rating: 4
Text: Wonderful place to go with the family. Plenty to do ... Especially on this weekend, because if all of the social fall activities. The rooms aren't great, but we noticed that they are starting a multi million dollar renovation next week. So we cannot wait to go back.
Rating: 5
Text: Perfect spot for our family vacation. We have grandchildren from age 12 down to 1½. Lots of great activities for everyone, kiddos and adults. We have been appreciating the meals in the cafeteria-no time spent in meal prep. Great staff-young people from all over the world!
Rating: 5
Text: My son and I had a wonderful fall break at Trout Lodge. Archery, riflery, zip lines, kayaking, canoeing, pedal boating, camp fires, and skeet shooting. Staff was amazing, food was great. Rooms were pretty basic, but we were so busy we only really used them to sleep in.
Rating: 5
Text: I love Trout Lodge! Been there so many times! Great food, people, activities, rooms, and cabin! The only thing I wish they had was a pool though so we could swim all year. ??
Rating: 1
Text: I drove hours to get to this place. Based on the information I got from the receptionist on the phone.  I was told the price to put my canoe in the water and fish with my son. Daily fishing limits are MDC regulated I had to find out that information on my own. Once I got there I paid the person had to sign a paper stating that I read the rules. I had to ask for the rules. After reading the rules I found out that I'm limited to a certain area. If I had been told I had a specific area that I had to be in I would've planned accordingly. After checking out the sectioned area I thought I could make do and fish anyway without wasting a day of driving.  Then I read into the rules a little more and it says in that area that you can't fish within 100 feet from the shore or docks. If you plan to check the place out have a list of questions ready to ask when you call ahead. Your best bet is fish elsewhere or get a day pass or maybe get a room at the place. If you plan to fish bring your boat.
