Yogi Bear's Jellystone Park
Rating: 4
Text: This place is nice for camping with kids, especially when it's not too busy. We went on a weekend at the end of August when school is back in session so the weather was still nice but it wasn't too packed. Lots of fun activities for the kids and a large, friendly staff. 
We were in the tent camping area and since it wasn't too busy we could spread out a little, but the allotted areas are small and packed in tightly next to each other. If it were busy I'm sure it would be a less pleasant experience...depending on your neighbors, I guess.
I wouldn't recommend it without kids. I was there as an uncle and it was fun, but otherwise I would choose somewhere else for camping.
The Yogi Bear stuff was making us laugh because do these kids have any clue who Yogi Bear is? That was already an old cartoon when we were young in the 80s. But that didn't seem to matter; they enjoyed it. I didn't hear any reference to Yogi stealing picnic baskets... I guess you wouldn't want to give people any ideas.
Rating: 5
Text: We have been camping here for  over 15 years.  It is our home away from home.  My 16 yr old was 3 months old the 1st time I bought him here.  He has grown up here and does NOT want to go camping anywhere else.  All my children now bring their children camping here.  We enjoy seeing our grandchildren having fun with Yogi the way our children did.

Mike, Diane and the staff are always helpful and friendly, YES EVEN MIKE  LOL.  He is serious but he always says hi.

We have introduced this camp site to our ENTIRE family and they ALL come camping here.  My in-laws never wanted to try camping till we  showed them how quaint, peaceful and clean this place is.  They too now have bought a travel trailer and come camping here 3-4 times a year.  They feel safe bringing all their grandchildren here 

There are quite a few places to camp in the surrounding area.  BUT THIS IS OUR SPOT.  It is clean, everyone is friendly and eager to help. the store is well stocked my kids save up their allowance to spend it on all the goodies in the store.  There is always cute souvenirs for us to purchase. 

The pools are clean, the planned events and dances are always a blast and my husband & son really enjoy the bags tournament. 

Thank you for the memories! ?
Rating: 2
Text: If you are getting a "primitive"  campsite you can expect to be discriminated against, for some reason. Everything has an additional fee so this place costs quite a bit. At least the pool is free,, but a young camp counselor had a nasty look and tone and excluded us from using the little karts despite us reserving them first, and gave them to an older white couple instead. .. 

Not to mention the dirty bathrooms in the morning for the ladies, so there was a line, and my girlfriend was ignored when she tried to tell staff about it, but as soon as some older parent came along the trouble was fixed so quick... :/ 

The group of girl counselors who work here are kind and work so hard at trying to help everybody have fun. Only good people here to be honest ... 

The biggest trouble was not on the staffs part but the people. Kids are kids too, and they're expected to have fun here, but these kids were left alone to run a muck and cause chaos, almost no adults around to watch them, even for the little toddlers. They rode bikes at 11 with no lights on their bikes, ran around screaming disturbing others during quiet hours, and being a general nuisance. Some intentionally tried to jump in front of the hay ride at night, which is a terrifying thought. 

. We witnessed a group of 10? Year old girls taking over the small playground, and kicking off a little boy and making him cry. 

One of the bratty girls looked my girlfriend in the face, and straight out called her a "Weirdo" loudly. and she ended up crying because of it. It's very disheartening. This place can be nice. but there are better yogi camps that give you better bangs for your buck and the people will not be so hard to deal with. .
Rating: 5
Text: As an adult, I prefer to camp at nature preserve with hiking and few people. But at as parent, this place is awesome. My kids had so much fun. They loved the hayride, the pools, the dance party, the show that the staff put on, visits with yogi and Cindy, and playing GaGa ball with lots of other kids. My only complaint is that I'm worried my kids will never want to camp in a state park again.    
Rating: 2
Text: Were at this park past weekend for two night. We were in the primitive campsite area right by the entrance of the park. The camp sites themselves are ok but they are so CLOSE to the road, where even during the night there are a lot of cars, trucks and trains  go by and make so much NOISE that it is literally impossible to sleep....
If you are looking for a nice quite area then this part of the park is not an ideal one.

There were a lot of people in the park and swimming pool (2) were packed and didn't look very clean so we avoided going in the pool. 

Try to use the bathrooms right after they are cleaned as they get messy very quickly.

We also had an issue during one of the event which we participated in where the staff was kind of rude which resulted in us leaving the event.
