Yorkshire Bed & Breakfast
Rating: 5
Text: A great b&b with very friendly owners. 
Rating: 5
Text: Great place
Rating: 5
Text: I recently had a four night stay at the Yorkshire B&B.  I had a wonderful time!  The owners were so kind and welcoming, particularly Mrs. Sampson, whom I think primarily runs the B&B.  She went out of her way to make me feel welcome, and I very much appreciated it.  At times I even forgot that I was paying to stay there and was not a visiting relative or friend.

The common areas are quite lovely.  If you like Yorkie dogs, you'll probably love the decor in the living room, especially.  They have three Yorkies who are the "mascots" of the house.  I saw very little of them during my stay, so if you're not a dog person, you'll still probably be fine.

I had the pleasure of staying in both of the rooms, and both are amazing.  The beds are so comfy with high quality bedding.  Both tubs are quite deep, so they may present some complications for some people  There is a fairly decent selection of DVDs for guest use, which came in handy when I had a slight insomnia attack.  

Mrs. Sampson is an amazing cook--I wish she served three meals a day instead of just breakfast.  They're not fancy breakfasts, but they're definitely delicious and have a homey feel.

The one thing I would mention, because I know it could be off-putting to some people, is that they aren't close-mouthed about their political and religious views.  They're not over-the-top loud, nor are they remotely judgemental, but they do have religious artwork all over the house, and you might hear them express an opinion.  From experience I know some customers don't want to hear people in hospitality and service industries to allow their opinions to be known, but I certainly don't think it's worthy of a complaint by any means.

Pros: Homey-environment, luxiorious accomodations, great price, delicious food.

Cons: Potentially difficult-to-use facilities

I would recommend this place without hesitation to anyone who likes B&Bs!
Rating: 5
Text: 
