York KAMPground
Rating: 4
Text: Easy on easy off from  I-80. Perfect for travelers. All sites are gravel. Our gravel site was soft so the camper sunk in a little bit and unlevel. But it was all doable. I'd stay there again if I was traveling on I-80. Walmart and Tractor Supply were a block away.
Rating: 4
Text: 1. Turn right between Wendy's and Starbucks, don't go to David Rd!
2. Very good staff, friendly, accommodating.
3. Park 1yr old. Hookups are WAY too far back
on spaces.
4. Pretty narrow strips of "grass" between rigs.
5. Yes, we will return.
Rating: 2
Text: Sorry  but just a gravel parking lot with a thin strip of grass between each site.  No picnic tables or amenities besides a bathroom/shower.  We did not have a sewer hook up .   Good spot right off the hwy to sleep and move on in the morning .
Rating: 4
Text: A new campground with gravel interior roads and spaces and grass between spaces. Reservations via phone or website. Friendly staff. 140 spaces, mostly (or maybe all) pull thru. Rates very reasonable. Will possibly come here again. The gravel is hard to walk on and is our only complaint.

Rating: 5
Text: The camp host was very helpful. This time of year is slow for camping in the area. She stayed until we arrived at 5:00 PM. We have a 350 Ford Super Duty with extended cab and long box, a 40 ft 5th wheel and open trailer for a motor cycle and ATV. The camp site was a pull through and fit well. Plenty of room for the truck. The sites and roads are gravel. Very new and working well electric, water and sewer. Did not need the showers and laundry but were given the info so we would have protection if the weather got bad. We arrived when the weather was dry but it was raining in the morning. Had no trouble getting out of our site and on the road. Place is well located off of the highway easy to find. Has new grass planted between sites. Will soon be planting more grass and trees. Also plans are in place for playground equipment. If we are in the area again, will plan to stop. This place is a bargain! This campground is less than a year old and is doing everything right.
