Yountsville Mill Inn & Garden, B&B
Rating: 2
Text: Alan was wonderful, a true, old school gentleman. He brought coffee into the living room as I watched the morning news, fixed us a lovely breakfast, and played the grand piano to let us know it was ready! He ate with us and then played for us again (he is a retired dentist with a Masters Degree in Music). He took us for a tour of the grounds and buildings (on a golf cart) and related the history. The grounds are beautiful, like an English garden. It didn't even bother us that there was no TV in the room, because they have WiFi, I just thought on our next visit I would bring my computer, I have Netflix and we could just watch movies on that. 
We were going for dinner at the Country Club, but didn't know the way, Alan led us over went and introduced us. We were actually in Crawfordsville because Shirley's grandchildren were showing their animals at the 4H fair. The next day he also led us to the fairgrounds. Shirley and I have traveled extensively and have never met anyone like Alan! 
We had planned to come back quite often, when we didn't have to spend the day at the fairgrounds. We had plans to walk in the woods and wade in the creek as we haven't done this since we were children. (Shirley is 73 and I am 66.) Shirley's daughter and family live close to Ladoga, so we would have stayed at the Inn often, as we enjoy getting away from the city and visiting with her family. Shirley was going to make plans to have a family reunion at the cottage, also available to rent. 
We thought we had found the perfect getaway. However, the evening of the second day at the fair, our opinion changed drastically. 
We were very tired after spending two days at the fairgrounds. We decided instead of going out for dinner we would just take a sandwich from the fair back to our room, eat there, and rest. We were met at the door by Alan's wife (Alan was in Carmel, giving music lessons) who told us we had to eat in the dining room as we were not allowed to eat in our room. I told her it was just a sandwich and we would not spill anything. We were treated like 5 year olds and told "We're just not going to start this." At first I walked into the dining room and then said to myself, "Hell no!" I took my sandwich upstairs to my room to eat. But by then I was too upset to eat, so I took the food downstairs and threw it away. Shirley's food had been confiscated, as she was not ready to eat, and she was told if she wanted it, it would be in the refrigerator, but she must eat it at the dining room table. Shirley and I both have heart problems, but Shirley also has very bad knees. It is extremely hard for her to get up and down stairs. So rather than going through the agony of getting back up the stairs, she did without dinner. 
I wanted to leave right then, however, Shirley was very tired and wanted to wait until morning, so we waited. I slept very little as I was very upset. 
We did not stay for breakfast. 
Before we left, I explained to Alan why we were leaving and wouldn't be back. He apologized for his wife repeatedly. 
I think I am as disappointed as I am angry. I though we had found the perfect place to relax, walk and enjoy nature. A stay that started so wonderful because of Alan, ended a nightmare because of his wife Barbara. I suspect that mine is not the only business they will lose because of her nasty attitude. I resent being talked down to and treated like a child, and I'm sure there are other seniors that feel the same way.

Rating: 5
Text: We had a wonderful visit about a year ago and are going back tomorrow.

The Inn and gardens are beautiful and the Whites are excellent Inn keepers. 

Alan White will serenade you on the piano with his wonderful music. 
Rating: 5
Text: 
